VALUE Creation through MUTUALISM ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2021 ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code 2020
Reporting Principles This is the 7 th ESG Report presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across China from 1 January to 31 December 2021. The Report has been prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules (with the application of the four reporting principles of Materiality, Quantitative, Balance and Consistency ). We aim to enhance the Report's breadth and representativeness by rigorously following these guidelines. For the purpose of Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to seamlessly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues and determine the specific content of the Report. We will continue to strengthen the information collection regarding the Report to improve our reporting performance and disclosure level as to sustainability. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. (only social data are included). The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office buildings in Xiamen, Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under selfoperation. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Please refer to website (https www. amersports. com corporatesustainabilityreports ) for more information on the ESG performance of Amer Sports. Company Information ANTA brand was established in 1991, while ANTA Sports Products Limited, a leading global sportswear company, was listed on the Main Board of HKEX in 2007 (Stock code 2020. HK). For many years, ANTA Sports has been principally engaging in the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of branded sportswear including shoes, apparel and accessories to consumers. By embracing an allround brand portfolio including ANTA, FILA, DESCENTE and KOLON SPORT, and by setting up an investor consortium to successfully acquire Amer Sports in 2019, a global sportswear group that has internationally recognized brands including Salomon, Arc teryx, Wilson, Peak Performance, Atomic, etc. ANTA Sports aims to unlock the potential of both the mass and highend sportswear markets.
CONTENTS Data Sources and Reliability This Report cites data and cases mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. The Company undertakes that the Report does not contain any false records or misleading statements, and is responsible for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of its content. Report Availability and Feedback The electronic version of the Report is available on the Company's sustainability website. If you have any question about or comment on this Report, please reach us through any of the following channels Address ANTA Sports Products Limited 16 F, Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong Telephone (852) 2116 1660 Fax (852) 2116 1590 Email ir anta. com. hk Sustainability website https ir. anta. com esg sc index. php 2 Message fr om the Chairman 4 Board Statement 6 2021 Highlights 12 Stable Development to Ensure Longterm Success 24 Safeguard Quality and Dare to Innovate 32 ANTA Value Win Win Cooperation 38 Helping Employees Thrive with Peopleoriented Policies 48 Pr omoting a Green Environment 54 Giving Back to Society 57 Pr ospects Celebrating ANTA Sports 30 th Anniversary, Creating Mutual Value 62 Appendix 81 Glossary
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2021. 30 th Anniversary Embarking on New Adventures 2021 marks our 30 th year of operations, so this is a good time fora retrospective look atour achievements and milestones over the past three decades, while planning for future sustainable development. When kickstarting the new journey, we always bear in mind why we started in the first place, and we introduce new vision, new value and new strategy for the next 10 years, laying a solid foundation for the next decade. Mutualism by Strengthening Governance Value Creation through Mutualism is the new proposition for our next development stage. We will transform ourselves into an organization that strives for mutual growth, underpinned by four pillars consumers, ecosystem partners, environment, and society promoting sustainability to reach collective prosperity. While pursuing our business goals, we are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations. We will also strive to enhance resource conservation and environmental protection, ensure production safety, protect employees legitimate interests and rights, and participate in public welfare. We continuously optimize our ESG governance structure by establishing the Sustainability Committee with Board level participation in sustainability issues. In the meantime, we have also become the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. We firmly believe that we can continue to create more value for stakeholders by improving internal sustainability governance, strengthening management and controlling our corporate development's impact on the environment and society. Mutualism by Focusing on Quality and Innovation Our aim is to grow side by side with our consumers by building topnotch, multibrand consumer value. Every year, we provide consumers with high quality sportswear products, allowing them to enjoy the fun of sports. Every item comes with our dedication to quality and innovation. During the financial year, we had over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and had over 1, 000 valid patents. Furthermore, we strive to enhance our investment in technological R&D. Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billion. We have aR&D team of over 200 international design and development experts from 18 countries and regions. Sustainability has been integrated in our products, and it will be the focus of our new era, empowering our consumers to embrace sustainable consumption concepts. 2
Mutualism by Achieving a Winwin Outcome with our Ecosystem Partners We aim to grow side by side with our ecosystem partners to establish an effective and sustainable industrial chain. During the financial year, 267 162 65 of our suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification. We continue to deepen the mutual growth relationship with our upstream and downstream partners. We grow together with our employees to promote their growth. We also attach great importance to diversity, promote a corporate culture of respect, inclusiveness, and openness. During the financial year, the percentage of employee trained reached 79. 7. We are committed to providing our employees with abroad career platform and to improving our global, diversified and multilevel talent team structure. During the financial year, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives among our employees. Our ecosystem partners and employees help us to grow steadily and ride on the path to success. Mutualism by Protecting our Green Home We subsist in symbiosis with the environment and we develop in a sustainable manner in concert with the environment. We continue to attach importance to environmental protection and ecological progress. We always adhere to integrating sustainability into the Group's operations and decisionmaking and strive to create greater value with a lower impact on the environment. Carbon neutrality is an environmental issue related to future generations. In the future, products with high carbon footprints will gradually lose their competitiveness. As advocate for sustainability, we are committed to improving green production and product carbon footprintmanagement capabilities. While realizing the Mountains of Gold and Silver economic benefits, we will protect the Clear Waters and Green Mountains of our homeland by optimizing our products carbon footprint and developing innovative environmental protection processes. Mutualism by Giving Back to Society We grow side by side with the society and strive to give back to it. We have been committed to participating in community buildup and contributing to building a harmonious society through various community activities. During the financial year, we donated RMB 65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value). Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project established 150 ADream Centers, trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, donated over RMB 490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value) and benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in China. We also carried out a number of activities to serve the public, such as supporting the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games, serving the community, promoting common prosperity, and helping those in need. In addition, we proactively encourage our employees to participate in public welfare activities to jointly fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. To provide stable and healthy return to our Shareholders, we have paid dividends of more than RMB 1 billion annually since 2014, and the cumulative dividends paid from 2014 to 2020 exceeded RMB 11 billion. In 2021, the total dividend payout (including paid and recommended dividend) reached RMB 3, 524 million. In 2021, we reviewed the development journey in the past 30 years and formulated the development strategy of the coming 10 years. We will continue to create value for consumers, push forward nationwide sports promotion campaign, work together with upstream and downstream partners as well as all employees, bear responsibility for the society and the environment, so as to move towards the goal of sustainability. We believe that keeping on the track of sporting goods, developing multibrands to cater to market demands, expanding global footprints, and creating mutual growth value are the best ways to create maximum value for all stakeholders. Ding Shizhong Chairman Hong Kong, 18 May 2022 3 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
BOARD STATEMENT While our business continue to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the Group's sustainability management. With reference to the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide, the Company established a multilevel, effective and executable ESG management system. We continuously update and improve our ESG management structure, with the Board playing a leading and active role in the Group's ESG affairs participation and supervision. ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company's ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group's sustainability management guidelines, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. In 2021, the Company established the Sustainability Committee, consisting of three Executive Directors, three Independent Non Executive Directors and one executive designated by the Board. The committee is responsible for assisting the Board to formulate and review the Group's strategic objectives for sustainable development, and lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability, identify and manage ESG risks, and coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related 4 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
data and information to (i) identify the proper order of priority as to ESGrelated issues to drive the Company's ESG governance efforts and (ii) improve the quality of ESG information disclosure. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impact of ESGrelated risks and opportunities. Therefore, the Board oversees the assessment of ESGrelated risks and opportunities and ensures that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal monitoring mechanisms are in place. Review of the Progress of ESG Goals We have established a development target management mechanism, covering major ESG performance indicators, and we will periodically review these indicators. On the other hand, we will integrate our key ESG performance indicators as the KPI for key departments of the Group, so as to spur the achievement of our ESG goals. In terms of the mediumterm ESG goals, the Board will periodically review the progress of these targets. ESG Reporting and this Report This Report has been prepared by the Board with application of the following four reporting principles Materiality Materiality assessment is performed to identify ESG matters that are material to investors and other stakeholders, and to assess the direct and indirect significance of these matters to the Group and stakeholders. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group's ESG performance objectively. Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Balance The Company discloses unbiased picture with both positive and negative information and performance regarding ESG. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either intext or in notes. (We adopted the Operation Control Method to compile and convert the environmental data in 2021, and did not convert the data of each unit according to shareholding ratio; while in 2020 and before, we adopted the Shareholding Ratio Method to adjust the overall data according to shareholding ratio.) This Report has been reviewed and approved by the Board and the Sustainability Committee. 5 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
2021 HIGHLIGHTS NO POVERTY Donated RMB 65 million in cash Donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) GOOD HEALTH AND WELLBEING Continued to promote ANTA's Sturdy Growth Charity Project, helping over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools, providing remarkable enjoyment in sport Commissioned qualified recyclers to recycle hazardous waste to maintain a healthy living environment in the community Established the Sustainability Committee with Board level participation in sustainability issues Became the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact Total declared dividends reached RMB 3, 524 million ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 6
INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE More than 200 design and R&D experts from 18 countries and regions Strengthened the close cooperation with selfowned factories and 357 suppliers from China and 22 suppliers from overseas to launch popular products Aggregate R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billionQUALITY EDUCATION Trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, established 150 ADream Centers, over the years built ANTA Stadiums and ANTA Camps to promote sports development in underdeveloped regions Built Winter Olympics promotion and education base RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION Launched ecofriendly products, implemented the concept of environmental protection and circular economy 267 162 65 suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification Over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and over 1, 000 valid patents DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH Prohibited child labor and forced labor Provided a healthy work environment Total number of staff reached 52, 000, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 7
Growing revenue potential Increased innovation potential Maintaining an upward revenue trend Continuing to invest in R&D RMB million Definition of sustainability And where are we? Sustainability Review 2021 HIGHLIGHTS OUR BUSINESS 50, 000 40, 000 30, 000 20, 000 10, 000 0 202149, 328 201716, 692 201824, 100 201933, 928 202035, 512 R&D costs (RMB million) 20211, 116 2017 479 2018599 2019871 20207891, 200 1, 000 800 600 400 200 Multibrand strategy ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 8
Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 45. 6 Basic earnings per share increased by 49. 5 to RMB 2. 87 Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased by 49. 6 to RMB 7. 7 Billion Gross profit margin increased by 3. 4 points to 61. 6 Revenue increased by 38. 9 to RMB 49. 3 Billion Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Singapore stood at 2, 054 Number of ANTA stores (including ANTA KIDS standalone stores) in Mainland China and overseas stood at 9, 403 Financial Performance for 2021 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Financial Performance Operational Performance GP ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 9 Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao stood at 182 Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China stood at 152
2021 HIGHLIGHTS Constituent Stock Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML 100 Hang Seng China (Hong Konglisted) 100 Index HSFML 25 Hang Seng China (Hong Konglisted) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite Large Cap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite Large Cap & Mid Cap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCNAH Hang Seng SCHK exAH Companies Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSSCHK Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index HSCGS Hang Seng Consumer Goods & Services Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSESG 50 Hang Seng ESG 50 Index HSHKS 50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 10
ANTA Sports awards Maintained as BB rating in MSCIWas awarded Carbon Care ESG Label 2021 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 2 by Carbon Care Innovation Lab Was awarded the Humanity Award Sliver by Fujian Red Cross Was awarded the ESG Care Label by Society Next Foundation, UNESCO HK Association Glocal Peace Center & Rotary Action Group for Peace Was awarded EXCELLENCE in 2021 Golden Key Sustainability Development Solution by China Sustainability Tribune Was awarded the Best Corporate Social Responsibility Listed Company in 2021 Best Listed Company in HK and US by Sina Finance Was awarded the Best ESG (G) (Large Cap) by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association Was awarded the 2021 Green Enterprise by China Corporate Social Responsibility Achieved an Arating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Sustainability RatingANTA Sports rating Our 2021 ESG Report's award Rating and Awards ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 11
Sustainable Development ESG Strategy We have set clear overall goals in terms of Environment, Social and Governance. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. We also strive to ensure production safety, protect our employees legitimate rights, participate in social welfare, and assume greater responsibilities to society. We support the United Nations 2030 SDGs and Sustainable Development Agenda, and incorporate ESG responsibilities into our strategic goals. We adhere to creating mutual growth value with consumers, ecosystem partners, environment, and society, as we firmly believe that fulfilling our social responsibilities and being accountable to stakeholders are the keys to achieving sustainable business growth. We continuously improve our ESG management system, focusing on areas such as product quality, employee wellbeing, environmental protection, and social welfare. Supporting the SDGs of the United Nations Sustainable development is closely related to environment, society and global change. Therefore, the United Nations clearly defined 17 SDGs to solve the development problems in three dimensions economy, society and environment and called on all countries to take action. It appeals to achieving goals such as poverty eradication, achieving equality, tackling climate change by 2030, protecting the planet while promoting economic prosperity, protecting the planet, and moving towards a sustainable path. We attach ample importance to corporate governance responsibilities, product responsibilities, employee responsibilities, supply chain responsibilities, environmental responsibilities, and social responsibilities. Based on our sustainable development strategy and materiality assessment, we match the 17 SDGs with our corporate goals. This facilitates our promotion of sustainable development strategy more effectively and continuously enhances our sustainability competitiveness. We adhere to fulfilling our social responsibilities, formulate ESG strategies and goals, and proactively support the realization of 17 SDGs of the United Nations. We proactively communicate with various stakeholders and collect their suggestions. We continuously improve our sustainability structure, establish and improve our corporate governance and compliance system, manage and control business risks, and enhance our governance capabilities for ESG affairs. We join hands with all walks of life to build a better world. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Corporate Governance AnticorruptionSTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS 12 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Our Goals 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, promote economic development, and promote employment opportunity Product Quality Leap Maintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers longterm confidence in the Group's brands Caring for Employees Create an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe work environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, attach importance to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future Creating a Green Supply Chain Continue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain Environmental Protection Take responsibility for environmental protection, implement energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operations, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly address climate change risks. Continue to promote green products and sustainable logistics. Promote green office, and enhance the environmental protection awareness of employees and their families through various employee activities Giving Back to Society Proactively respond to national macro strategies, undertake corporate social responsibility, proactively participate in community construction, and contribute to the development of a harmonious society through various community activities 13 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS Members of the Sustainability Committee Composition of the Sustainability CommitteeESG Governance Structure We appreciate the great importance of sustainability. By adhering to improving internal sustainability governance, and strengthening the management and control of our corporate development's impact on the environment and society, we strive to continue to create value for our stakeholders. During the financial year, we established a topdown ESG governance structure to promote the Group's overall sustainability efforts from governance level. The Board has overall responsibility for the Company's ESG strategy and reporting, and oversees the overall ESG governance of the Company. The Sustainability Committee is composed of certain executive and nonexecutive directors of the Company and certain executives of the Group, and, being delegated (with relevant authorities) by the Board, is responsible for assisting the Board to formulate and review the Group's strategic objectives for sustainable development, and lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability, identify and manage ESG risks, coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to (i) improve the quality of ESG information disclosure; and (ii) the Sustainability Committee is also responsible for identifying the proper order of priority as to ESG issues to drive the Company's ESG governance efforts. The Sustainability Committee, established on 18 December 2021, consists of three Executive Directors, three Independent Non Executive Directors, and one executive designated by the Board. For details of the Sustainability Committee, please refer to the Sustainability Committee Terms of Reference. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian ( Executive Director ) Committee member(s) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian (Independent Non Executive Director(s))Committee member Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (Executive designated by the Board)Committee member(s) Mr. Wu Yonghua, Mr. Zheng Jie (Executive Director(s)) ESG Governance Structure The Board Management Sustainability Committee 14 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. By continuously improving the transparency of our operations and actively collecting and responding to stakeholders expectations and requirements, we achieved mutual benefits and positive interactions with stakeholders and created sustainable values for them. External stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Effectiveness of communication during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Return on investment Corporate governance Information disclosure Conducted oneonone meetings, nondeal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified Products Wellrounded customer service Seamless communication channels Conducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier support Conducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growth Hosted trade fairs Organized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anticorruption Organized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Lawful tax payment Driving regional economic development Organized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&Dand innovation Intellectual property Ensured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailormade products per request Athletes Product performance Product R&Dand innovation Sponsored athletes competition outfit and equipment 15 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Internal stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Board Corporate governance Anticorruption Risk management Held Board meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact management Participated in the decision making and operations of the Group, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anticorruption Engaged in surveys and participated in online and facetoface staff activities ESG Issues Materiality During the financial year, we engaged an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholders survey and assessment and collected their feedbacks. This was followed by a materiality analysis to prioritize issues, which provided a reference for the Group to improve its ESG management and efficiently respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. 1 STEP 12 STEP 23 STEP 34 STEP 4 Issue assessment Based on the results of the stakeholder survey, we summarized the issue scores, ranking them according to the Importance to ANTA Sports and Importance to Stakeholders dimensions and established a materiality matrix Stakeholder participation We collected 2, 752 questionnaires from investors, suppliers, customers, employees, and other internal and external stakeholders, to fully understand the focus of both internal and external stakeholders on ESG issues Issue identification Based on the Group's development strategy and business model, alongside national policies, capital market requirements, and industry development trends, and by analyzing all stakeholders concerns and comparing with peer's initiatives, we identified 23 ESG issues related to product quality and safety, anticorruption, etc. Review and confirmation The evaluation results of the materiality issues were submitted to the Sustainability Committee for review, and their confirmation and approval were obtained STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS Progress of Materiality Analysis 16 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Materiality Topic Category Material Issues Key Issues Environmental Use of chemicals and discharge Social Craftsmanship and product innovation Social Intellectual property management Social Product quality and safety Social Health and safety Social Supply chain management Social Staff welfare Social Staff development and training Governance Anticorruption Governance Corporate governance Our Materiality Matrix in 2021 Materiality Topic Category Material Issues Important Issues Environmental Use of packaging materials Environmental Climate change Environmental Product life cycle Environmental Sustainable raw material sourcing Environmental GHG emissions Social Human rights and labor rights Social Responsible marketing Social Social investment Fundamental Issues Environmental Waste gas emissions and waste water disposal Environmental General waste discharge Environmental Use of energy Social Use of water resources Social Diversity and inclusion Key Issues Important Issues Fundamental Issues Importance to Stakeholders Importance to ANTA Sports Social Governance Environmental Our Material Issues During The Financial Year Intellectual property management Anticorruption Corporate governance Use of chemicals and discharge Supply chain management Responsible marketing Use of packaging materials Climate change Product life cycle Sustainable raw material sourcing General waste discharge Diversity and inclusion Use of energy Waste gas emissions and waste water disposal Use of water resources Social investment Staff welfare Craftsmanship and product innovation Human rights and labor rights GHG emissions Staff development and training Health and safety Product quality and safety 17 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
According to the materiality matrix, the changes in the sequence of the top eight key issues compared to 2020 were as follows Order 2021 2020 1 Intellectual property management Health and safety 2 Anticorruption Product quality and safety 3 Product quality and safety Staff welfare 4 Corporate governance Human rights and labor rights 5 Health and safety Product quality and safety 6 Use of chemicals and discharge Intellectual property management 7 Supply chain management Corporate governance 8 Staff welfare Craftsmanship and product innovation A comparison of the matrices for 2020 and 2021 showed the following The scope of the top eight key issues was mostly similar, with only a slight change in the ranking; Anticorruption, the use of chemicals and discharge, and supply chain were new issues included in the top eight issues in 2021 management; anticorruption was anew issue in 2021 that attracted strong concerns from employees, consumers and investors; and The ranking of intellectual property management rose from sixth in 2020 to first in 2021 owing to greater concerns from employees, investors and distributors. Employees Suppliers Consumers Distributors Investors 1 Anticorruption Product quality and safety Anticorruption Staff welfare Craftsmanship and product innovation 2 Intellectual property management Human rights and labor rights Product quality and safety Product quality and safety Anticorruption 3 Product quality and safety Health and safety Corporate governance Anticorruption Product quality and safetySTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS The Top Three Issues Key Stakeholders were Concerned About 18 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Corporate Governance Company Governance We appreciate the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, which in turn enable us to earn the confidence of Shareholders and the public. The Board strives to adhere to the standard corporate governance principles and adopt sound corporate governance practices to meet the legal and commercial standards, with a focus on a number of areas including risk management and internal control, fair disclosure and accountability to Shareholders. The Board is collectively responsible for the Company's management, operations and decisions. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all internal policies, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and supervision of the performance of management team. All directors are subject to the same legal duties under all applicable laws and the Listing Rules. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversified Governance We are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. There are five committees under the Board, namely Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Risk Management Committee and Sustainability Committee. Each committee has formulated specific terms of reference, which are posted on the Company's website (ir. anta. com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange's website (www. hkexnews. hk). The committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company's expenses. Regular Board committee meetings are held to discuss overall strategies, operational and financial performance, and corporate governance of the Group, review and approve results, and conduct annual evaluations on Board and committees performance. 19 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Independence of the Independent Non Executive Directors In respect of the financial year, the Company has received from each of the Independent Non Executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee has assessed the independence of all the Independent Non Executive Directors, and the Board and the Nomination Committee consider that all the Independent Non Executive Directors are independent inaccordance with the Listing Rules. Mr. Dai Zhongchuan has been appointed as an Independent Non Executive Director since April 2009 and has served the Company for more than eleven years. Nomination Committee further assesses Mr. Dais role as an Independent Non Executive Director annually, taking into account factors including but not limited to Mr. Dais reputation for integrity, experience, ability to assist the Board, perspectives and skills, and commitment while having due regard to the board diversity policy of the Company. STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS Name Mr. Ding Shizhong Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Mr. Wu Yonghua Mr. Zheng Jie Mr. Bi Mingwei Mr. Wang Wenmo Mr. Dai Zhongchuan Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Ms. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management 21 Board committee meetings At each board committee meeting, the average attendance rate of directors committee members is 100 (Note If a director has interests in the matters discussed, the said director will abstain from voting at that Board Committee meeting.)KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 20 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Name Mr. Ding Shizhong Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Mr. Wu Yonghua Mr. Zheng Jie Mr. Bi Mingwei Mr. Wang Wenmo Mr. Dai Zhongchuan Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Ms. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management Board details as at 31 December 2021 The Board consisted of 11 members, including six Executive Directors, one Non Executive Director, and four Independent Non Executive Directors The Board has one female director The ages of board members ranged from 42 to 65 Directors are from diverse and complementary backgrounds with differentiated skills, knowledge and professional experience 21 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS Board Diversity The Board represents a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group's business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non Executive Directors (including Independent Non Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can facilitate the effective exercise of independent judgement. Established Board practice is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. The Board has adopted aboard diversity policy inaccordance with the requirements set out in the CG Code. The policy aims to setout the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company appreciates and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. The Company endeavors to pursue an allaround diverse Board in various aspects and will carry out ongoing review of its Board composition. All Board appointments shall be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates shall be based ona range of measurable objectives under the board diversity policy, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. In designing the Board's composition, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate decision shall be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates shall bring to the Board. Business Ethics We abide by the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, and other national laws and regulations. We formulate and abide by internal management policies, including the Anti Corruption Regulations which clearly list our prohibition of corruption behavior, such as any types of facilitation fee, and the corresponding punishment. During the financial year, we established the Integrity and Ethics Committee in companylevel, which is composed of managers from the Audit and Supervision Department, Legal Department, Corporate Affairs Department, Finance Department, and Human Resources Department, as the highest organization for anticorruption supervision. Our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Selfdiscipline Commitment and we have added anticorruption clauses in our standard Employee Labor Contract to strengthen internal anticorruption measures. We joined the Sunshine Integrity Alliance and the Corporate Anti Fraud Alliance as a member in 2019 to learn from the experience of excellent corporates and improve our internal anticorruption system. We reached an antifraud consensus with alliance companies during the financial year by sharing the list of untrustworthy individuals and promising to refuse to hire these untrustworthy individuals who engaged in unethical or immoral activity. 22 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Whistleblowing Management To strengthen internal and external whistleblowing supervision, effectively combat corruption and fraud, and create an honest, wellregulated work environment, we formulated whistleblowing related internal policy inaccordance with the relevant laws and regulations; we standardized the procedures for case information collection, registration, storage, and investigation; we provide multiple independent 24 7 reporting channels, such as email, hotline, We Chat and mailbox to internal and external stakeholders including employees, customers and suppliers; we guarantee that the cases are handled by fulltime investigators with professional skills and ensure that the whistleblowers personal information remains confidential. Anticorruption Campaign and Education We proactively build an anticorruption culture and conduct publicity and training for the Board, management and employees through different channels, such as ANTA Forum, ANTA Youth, Integrity ANTA, and Integrity Month, with a coverage rate of 100. During the financial year, all directors participated in anticorruption training. In the 89 th ANTA Forum held in April 2021, the management made a presentation of the Group's anticorruption policies, culture and measures to all employees, and advocated that they shall uphold the principles, remain upright, and work in a downtoearth manner. Employees signed the Integrity and Selfdiscipline Commitment and committed to maintaining high integrity. Anticorruption in the Supply Chain For anticorruption management among supply chain, we signed an Anti Commercial Bribery Agreement with suppliers, and received an integrity undertaking from suppliers at the admittance stage. If the anticorruption responsibility clause is violated, liquidated damages will be imposed. We publicized integrity to suppliers through various channels, including supplier conferences and social media, to enhance their awareness of the importance of integrity and anticorruption. The number of corporate crimes that have been discovered and transferred to judicial organization was 1 KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 23 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE Craftsmanship, Design and Innovation We have always adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise and strengthened our independent innovation capabilities. Based on our wellestablished, sound R&D innovation framework, we comprehensively push forward different dimensions of R&D work, such as technological innovation, product innovation, design innovation and craftsmanship innovation. Technological R&D Innovation We attach great importance to technological R&D innovation. In 2005, we established the industry's first sports science laboratory at the national level in China. Over the years, the Sports Science Laboratory has collected foot shape data from people all over China to provide effective data support for our independent R&Dand innovation. We have established design centers all over the country, and cooperate with international design teams composed of designers from the United States, Japan, South Korea, etc. We focus on strengthening the R&D of sports products and integrating global resources to better meet the various needs of the economy, society, enterprise development and diversified markets. We always maintain product quality at a high level, and regard technological innovation as key to the vitality of our brands. We believe that the essence of product quality is not limited to production quality and should expand to enhancement in product design and techniques, innovation, service, and so forth, in order to win our customers longterm confidence. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Craftsmanship and product innovation Intellectual property management Product quality and safety Product life cycle Use of chemicals and discharge Responsible marketing R&D expenses Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billion Leveraging top talents We have over 200 international design and development experts from 18 countries and regions Cooperation with accredited scientific research institutions We cooperate with institutions such as Tsinghua University, the China National Institute of Standardization, etc. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 24 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Product Design Innovation Product design innovation is our primary focus. In addition to incorporating a large number of technological elements, we have unique aesthetics and requirements for product design. In terms of design style, we innovatively integrate various styles, such as Chinese style and Italian style, into sports aesthetic design. Regarding fabric selection, we actively introduce environmentally friendly materials such as Sorona fiber, and other renewable polyester fibers to create sustainable items that are both fashionable and environmentally friendly. Through deep integration of forwardlooking sports technology R&Dand innovative market transformation, we strive to achieve major breakthroughs in materials and design that lead the development of the industry and help drive the growth and globalization of Chinese sports brands. The accumulation of technological innovation allows us to provide highquality products to consumers. Over the years, ANTA has successively launched advanced products using our proprietary technologies, including ALoop, AJelly, C 202 running shoes, and KT series basketball shoes, all of which have been well received by consumers. During the financial year, ANTA cooperated with the COC to officially release the Champion Dragon Outfit, the uniform for the Chinese Sports Delegation at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Summer Games. Designed by renowned visual artist Timmy Yip, the Champion Dragon Outfit incorporated innovative Chinese elements with traditional cultural concepts and philosophy. For the shoes that the athletes wore when receiving their medals, the design team took reference from Five Stars Rise in the East, an unearthed Eastern Han cultural relic. Different patterns, including the Chinese cloud pattern, auspicious animals, the sun and the moon were embroidered in a flying weave pattern to symbolize the nationwide hopes that China's Olympic athletes would achieve outstanding results at the Games. In terms of technology, ANTA incorporated Nitro Speed technology and Smart Sam technology to achieve a combination of rebound and shock absorption, providing Chinese Olympic athletes with professional technology for their ascent to the victory podium. Intellectual Property Management We attach great importance to intellectual property protection, thoroughly implement intellectual property management, and establish sound management policies for brand protection, trademark and patents. We strictly abide by the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We also continued to improve the Intellectual Property Management Policy, Intellectual Property Review Management Policy, Product Intellectual Property Risk Management Process and other internal policies. During the financial year, we standardized and updated the management processes of intellectual property risk management review and counterfeit sales from private domain live streaming. 25 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE During the financial year, we carried out risk prevention, antiinfringement and anticounterfeiting of our intellectual properties, as follows Internal We reviewed and controlled possible infringement risks in the business according to the laws and regulations; External We took various measures to combat counterfeit products in accordance with the laws. Product Quality and Safety We strictly abide by the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We continue to improve our internal quality and safety control management system, and thoroughly implement quality monitoring and safety and security measures. We continuously develop and adopt new technologies to improve product quality, and strive to ensure that all consumers enjoy the fun of sports with our highquality sportswear. Focusing on Product Quality Product quality is the foundation of our business. We are committed to supplying highquality products to consumers. With reference to the ISO 9001 quality management system requirements and relevant industry standards, we formulated a quality control system covering the entire life cycle of products to ensure production line stability and reduction of potential risks. Our Quality Management Manual provides a complete introduction of product quality management chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. We conduct special quality inspections on some products, including inspections of product mildew prevention, inspection of metal products, and other special inspections. We developed Quality Management Manual for different brands, ensuring our products are in high quality effectively. Over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks Over 1, 000 valid patents Over 2, 000 brand protection action cases A total of 19 cases of production counterfeiting and brand infringement activities, which were successfully fought against (the court's criminal judgment rendered)KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 26
During the financial year, we implemented comprehensive measures to ensure quality improvement Internal policies We formulated alist anda plan for qualityimprovement projects to improve the standard of each product category. System certification We conducted three annual audits to determine whether we met certification standards, including ISO 45001, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. Production We designated dedicated factory space for new automation equipment to improve production efficiency and quality. Quality inspection Through the automation and intelligentization of our R&D equipment, the detection system is optimized to enhance the detection accuracy and efficiency. Scientific research and innovation We introduced smart manufacturing for shoes, cutting automation and other related innovative technology. Learning and training We organized many quality training and learning sessions internally for businessside personnel and externally for suppliers. To better guarantee the quality of the Champion Dragon Outfit, we formulated a special quality standard for the Olympic Winter Games clothing and accessories and deployed dedicated personnel to monitor the production on site. We also launched thirdparty full inspection and strict control mechanisms to ensure allaround quality control management of the products. We established dedicated management measures for tryon, testing, and materials to safeguard the quality of the Champion Dragon Outfit. Product Recall Management We track and manage the quality of the products sold, and have a sound productrecall mechanism. If a product with quality problems or potential safety hazards is found after leaving factory, we will carry out recall according to the ANTA Recall Management Policy, to prevent any losses to consumers. For any products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the selfinspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and selfoperated stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had no recalls for safety and health reasons. Chemicals Safety Management We attach great importance to the chemicals safety management, and we strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection. We established chemicals management policies where our suppliers should also follow. Inaccordance with the relevant regulations and market requirements in China, we formulated specifications such as Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications for Apparel, Shoes and Accessories and Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control. Our Quality Control Departments of shoes, apparel and accessories determine the test items according to these specifications and conduct inspections of the corresponding products and materials according to relevant documents. All the chemicals used are comprehensively identified and counted. We are also committed to gradually reducing and eventually eliminating the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals. We monitor the uses of chemicals in the entire production process of our products, and identify the types and quantities of highrisk chemicals to be phased out or banned in accordance with relevant regulations and industry standards, including insecticides, plasticizers, aromatic amine dyes, carcinogenic dyes, allergenic disperse dyes, and other banned dyes. 27 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
We require our suppliers and ecosystem partners to be in line with our commitment to consumer safety and environmental protection. Therefore, we formulated internal policies such as Suppliers Chemicals Safety Management Implementation Guide to ensure that our products and raw materials will not harm human health or the environment while they are worn, maintained or handled. We require suppliers to apply effective management on the use of chemicals indifferent stages. This is to protect consumer rights and achieve longterm winwin cooperation. Technology Enhances Quality During the financial year, ANTA announced its Fiveyear Development Strategy and Leadto Win Acceleration Plan, which commit to integrating the world'stop sports technology R&D resources and continuing to increase investment in R&Din the future. Years of accumulation of technological innovation have allowed us to provide highquality products to consumers. ANTA has been continuously launching products using its proprietary technologies, including ALoop, AJelly, AFlashfoam, Hydrogen, Hot Technology, AChill Touch, ACool, and many other innovative technologies. Our team will continue to pursue indepth technological innovation to empower our longterm development. Riding on its advanced technological R&D, ANTA launched FLASHLITE ZERO Hydrogen running shoes, which received a stronger market response than the FLASHLITE 2. 0. Density of the material used in FLASHLITE ZERO Hydrogen running shoes is reduced to 0. 1 grams cm 3, which is 28 lower than that in the previous version. The energy return rate is 77, which is 16 higher than that of FLASHLITE 2. 0. ANTA's Hot Technology is an innovative technology platform designed and developed by our scientific laboratory. Through the application of three unique core technologies polythermal cotton, graphene, and super down it has achieved leading performance, with superior warmth retention. In November 2021, Hot Technology was applied to ANTA's winter sports series. ANTA supported the athletes and volunteers with professional outfit using Hot Technology and provided consumer products using the same technology, allowing all consumers to enjoy the ultimate Olympic technology experience. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE 28 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Digital Empowerment Since 2020, we have invested on DTC model and made its development plan over the next 10 years. The DTC model achieves the reconstruction of relationship among people, goods and markets, enhances member value, strengthens the technology middle platform, and makes use of innovative product intelligence. It also enables efficient connection between ANTA and the retail channels, which helps ANTA to quickly respond to consumer needs. In the R&D process, we have greatly shortened the R&D cycle, using AI technology to automatically generate color matching, design, and 3 D technology modeling, so we can provide different color matching for designers reference. Using the data from frontend sales and market feedback, we can quickly improve product design. In addition, our smart factory has allowed transformation and upgrading of the manufacturing process through the use of digital technology. Excellent Customer Service We have embraced our initial aspiration of being Consumer Oriented. We strictly abide by the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, take and deal with consumer demands seriously, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of our customers. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have greatly improved our customer satisfaction rate and provided a highquality service experience to different types of consumers. Customer Service System We established a relatively comprehensive customer service system that provides personalized customer service targetting different brands. We established the Customer Service Management Policy. FILA established the comprehensive membership management manual, customer service system and Membership Management Department, to provide more effective customer services. Responding to Customer Demands We attach great importance to every customer's need. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. According to the relevant internal policies of our different brands, we have procedures for collecting, classifying, answering, replying and tracking complaints. Complaints are processed by the Customer Service Department within the prescribed one working day after receipt and qualityrelated complaints will be responded within one to three working days. To further improve our customer service quality, we include customer complaint handling in the relevant staff performance appraisal. We conduct retail customer service assessments and have corresponding standards for customer reception and aftersales service. Relevant personnel are deployed by headquarters to pay regular undercover visits to retail stores and analyze the customercomplaint data collected. The complaint handling completion rate of the customer service system at headquarters was 100 KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 29
of consumers. Inaccordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans tobe used in product selling process to ensure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. We regularly launch promotion campaigns and training sessions on responsible marketing targeting the relevant business departments, including all sales staff, to ensure that their marketing behavior conforms to the principles of responsible marketing. Advocating Sustainable Consumption We follow the global emissionsreduction targets and playa positive role in advocating sustainable consumption. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also take into account the promotion of consumer awareness of the importance of sustainable consumption. We plan to drive 300 million consumers to participate in sustainable development by 2030. To this end, we launched a variety of environmentally friendly products that have been widely applauded by consumers, such as recyclable shoes, including the Environmental Protection series of Dominance running shoes, the Train and Recycle series, which use recycled plastic as raw materials, the NOACH series, which use recyclable yarn, and The Rain Breaker series, with a highquality water repellent. Through solid initiatives, we have realized the concept of environmental protection and the circular economy to promote green Customer Satisfaction We continuously optimize our products and improve our customer service system to promote customer satisfaction. We also identify customer needs through customer satisfaction surveys. To effectively quantify user satisfaction, we have launched an internal net promoter score survey, which is automatically triggered after customers shop in brickandmortar stores, FILA miniprogram and FILA Tmall official flagship store. Customers can also actively participate in the survey by scanning the net promoter score QR code. Responsible Marketing We strictly abide by the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, ECommerce Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We practice responsible product marketing by strictly controlling our promotion channels, such as television, print media, web portals, and livestreaming media to ensure the accuracy, legality and authenticity of our external publicity information. This also helps prevent or avoid any potential adverse social impact and legal risks related to our brands due to inappropriate publicity, demonstrating our commitment to promoting responsible marketing. Marketing Risk Management We attach great importance to responsible marketing and protecting the legitimate rights and interests SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE 30 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
consumption and enhance consumer awareness of the importance and value of going green and environmental protection. During the financial year, we launched the new Eco Cosy fiber textiles series, which demonstrated sustainable fashion. Eco Cosy's highquality, viscose rayon fibers are sourced from highquality plantations in the place of origin and are carefully cultivated by researchers for many years from the seed stage. Customized through different spinning processes, Eco Cosy fiber textiles are soft and comfortable with excellent color and are 100 biodegradable and recyclable. Information Security and Privacy We attach great importance to information security and customer privacy, strictly abide by the Internet Security Law of the People's Republic of China, Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. Accordingly, we have built and implemented information security management system, and formulated a wellrounded information security management policy matrix comprising 28 information security policies. During the financial year, we reviewed these 28 information security policies to assess the suitability, adequacy and effectiveness of their content, and this drill involved the revision of more than 30 clauses in 15 policies. In addition, we established new policies, such as the Personal Information Protection Management Policy, Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards, and Data Sharing Process, to strengthen the security management of corporate data and personal information. We carry out annual internal and external audits of information security. During the financial year, we completed an internal audit of information security and obtained ISO 27001 system certification. We safeguard information security and customer privacy through a variety of technological measures. We have established dedicated management procedures for the processing of core data. Our core customer data is stored in a private cloud. Through continuous improvement of the technological protection system for information security, the core data security is effectively guaranteed. We regularly conduct a large number of penetration tests internally and conduct attackanddefense drills to ensure that our local data are effectively protected. In addition, if an information security incident occurs, employees can report according to the reporting process stipulated in the Information Security Incident Management Policy. The Information Security Department will organize different degrees of investigation, evaluation, processing, reporting, and summarizing based on the level of the incident. We have taken measures at the software and hardware levels to ensure the security of our core information, including using dynamic passwords, locking data to prevent copies being made, unauthorized channel control, conducting compliance checks on hard disk data, and recycling and backing up hard disk data when computers reach endoflife. We strengthen staff information security awareness and granularize the internal network permissions for core positions to strictly prevent information from being stolen. In cases of information theft, we enforce punishment according to the policies and disclose on the social media to serve as a warning. We promote information security awareness among all employees. We continuously carry out annual information security awareness training and provide relevant information security courses on the online learning platform of ANTA Talent Academy. During the financial year, most of our employees completed a series of compulsory courses on information security in the IT field and training and examination of compulsory courses on employee information security. Email phishing drills and other approaches further enhanced our employees information security awareness. 31 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION Supply Chain Management Supply chain management is a crucial part of our operations. We are committed to practicing the concept of sustainable development in supply chain management and building a sustainable supply chain. We practice responsible sourcing and reduce social and environmental risks in the entire industrial chain by empowering suppliers to integrate ESG risk concepts into supply chain management. Supplier Selection and Admittance We have formulated internal policies, such as the Shoes Supplier Access and Exit Management Policy, Supplier Chemicals Safety Control Compliance Statement, etc. to define KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 Total number of ANTA and FILA contract suppliers (including shoes, apparel and accessories) Number of suppliers in China 357 Number of suppliers overseas 22 As an industry leader, we attach great importance to establishing extensive strategic alliances and close cooperative relations with all walks of life. We adhere to the concept of winwin cooperation and focus on the standardization, professionalization and social responsibility performance of supplier management processes to continuously promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Supply chain management the responsibilities of all business departments in supplier management and establish a wellrounded and orderly supply chain management system. We follow the principles of open, fair and righteous sourcing and regulate the admittance, evaluation, inspection, rectification and termination of suppliers. Based on the performance level and strategic potential of each supplier, we conduct strict categorization and classification and establish differentiated supplier management strategies accordingly, and implement quality control and scientific management of suppliers. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had 379 contracted suppliers, of which 357 were located in China and 22 were located overseas. Our Operation Department and onsite evaluation teams are responsible for evaluating and managing supplier performance. We continue to drive the improvement of supplier management and encourage them to obtain more certifications to enhance their performance in 32 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR IN 2021 Number of suppliers that obtained certifications 267 65 162 45 ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001 environmental, governance and quality aspects, striding together towards sustainable development. During the financial year, the number of suppliers who obtained ISO 9001 quality assurance certification, ISO 14001 environmental management certification, ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management certification increased in comparison with that of 2020. Some suppliers have also adopted ISO 26000 social responsibility guidelines to enhance their understanding of social responsibility. Besides, we encourage our apparel suppliers to obtain the bluesign certification to ensure that they are dealing with people, environment and resources in a responsible and sustainable manner, so as to ensure that the manufacturing process meets environmental, health and safety standards with harmful substances filtered out at the source of production. During the financial year, there were 45 apparel suppliers with the relevant certification. Supplier Performance Evaluation Our supplier evaluation mechanism includes both operational and corporate social responsibility aspects. Each aspect has specific scoring criteria to evaluate supplier performance. To this end, we have established scientific management requirements and set up a zero tolerance policy to ensure that suppliers are able to take corrective measures to reduce major operational and ESGrelated risks. Furthermore, to promote the dynamics of supplier performance evaluation, we have established a fair, open and transparent evaluation platform through the Group Procurement Supplier Performance Appraisal Management Policy, so as to make good use of the evaluation mechanism to drive the suppliers enthusiasm and proactiveness. In order to ensure our suppliers are compliant, we conduct quarterly, semiannual or annual basic supplier evaluation on various factors, including product quality, supply capability, and timely delivery. We also carry out annual quality audits on our suppliers with the support of qualified thirdparty organizations. Basic supplier evaluation criteria includes Performance and scores in three major areas credibility, compliance and financial stability; Requirement that the supplier has R&D capabilities, production management capabilities and a quality control system that meets industry standards, in each case from product type, price and company size perspectives; Certification of China's production and quality system, and expectation of certification by other international standards and certification systems; Satisfaction of background check questionnaire requirements; and Due diligence on all suppliers. We encourage suppliers to improve their corporate social responsibility and ESG management. To this end, we plan to incorporate ESG performance, such as labor rights, human rights protection and green production, into our supply chain management system and going bluesign 33 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
forward give preference to suppliers with excellent ESG management performance. Furthermore, to enhance engagement and communication with suppliers, we organize seminars on a regular basis, and invite suppliers to participate in outdoor activities with us to build mutual trust and support, achieving winwin collaborations. During the financial year, our supplier management department hosted a supplier assessment seminar, and evaluated the capabilities and potential of each supplier. Strengthening Supplier Training We continuously drive the improvements of our supplier management capabilities, encourage suppliers to obtain more certifications, improve their performance in terms of environment, governance and quality, and stride forward side by side with us on the path to sustainability. During the financial year, we provided various training to suppliers, including social responsibility training, integrity and selfdiscipline training, quality verification training, preproduction risk verification training, evaluation engineer training, chemicals safety training, and other professional technical training. The main focus of the trainings was to improve the suppliers professional technical capabilities and digital capabilities. Detailed improvement measures were formulated for suppliers with relatively weak capability to improve their management capability. Supplier Labor Management To improve the labor management of suppliers, we require suppliers to adhere to ten basic requirements, including compliance with operational standards, respect for labor rights and interests, and protection of employees occupational safety, health and wellbeing. We encourage suppliers to improve supply chain efficiency and reduce labor risks through measures such as craftsmanship improvement or equipment upgrade. Personnel management system We require our suppliers to sign employment contracts with all their fulltime employees, and sign service contracts with their interns and temporary employees, alongside the signing of confidentiality agreements. Social responsibility management system Suppliers should have working hour and salary management system in place, and encourage their employees to actively obtain competency certification for career development. Prohibition of child labor Suppliers should require their employees to provide proof of age prior to employment to ensure they meet local minimum working age requirements and to prevent the use of child labor. Prohibition of forced labor We require our suppliers to closely monitor their employees working hours compliance, respect their rights to enter, depart and take leave freely; suppliers should be firmly against forced labor. Antidiscrimination We require our suppliers to treat all employees equally, and offer consistent treatment in terms of employment, salary, other benefits and promotion opportunities irrespective of their social status, and protect the job opportunities of pregnant employees and care for working mothers. Working hours We require our suppliers to record actual working hours of employees and provide them with corresponding salary. Disciplinary measures We require our suppliers to establish and promote a labor code of conduct to prohibit and prevent violations of laws and regulations such as corporal punishment, coercion, exploitation, and sexual coercion. Remuneration and benefits Suppliers should pay full salary to employees, ensure their salary is not lower than the local minimum standard, and guarantee that employees are entitled to statutory holidays and leaves. We require our suppliers to provide endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, workrelated injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund to their employees. Health and safety We prohibit our suppliers from constructing threeinone factories with work areas, ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION 34 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
warehouses and quarters; suppliers should ensure that different types of premises are equipped with proper temperature, light and ventilation; we require our suppliers to maintain the safety and hygiene of canteens, quarters and factories; suppliers should ensure that all operating premises are legally permitted; suppliers should formulate and request employees to strictly comply with safety rules and regulations aswell as safety operation guidelines; we require our suppliers to equip their employees with the necessary safety supplies; we require our suppliers to regularly inspect their work environments and equipment safety; suppliers should organize safety training and emergency drills to ensure the health and safety of their employees. Complaints and communication Suppliers should provide effective channels for employees complaints and feedback, and improve the whistleblowers protection mechanism and formulate whistleblowers protection measures against retaliation. Based on our audit results, we rank the performance of our suppliers as Good Operation, Low Risk Problems, Medium Risk Problems, High Risk Problems and Zero Tolerance Problems. We require suppliers with low, medium and high risk problems to complete rectification within a prescribed period of time to ensure that they can provide sound products and services consistently and steadily. We impose penalties on suppliers that fail to meet the standards through reducing orders or terminating cooperation. Suppliers that have Zero Tolerance Problems will be terminated immediately. Supplier Integrity Management We attach great importance to integrity and honesty in the course of our procurements within our supply chain. We incorporate integrity clause into the cooperation agreement, provide channels for complaints and whistleblowing, and educate suppliers on integrity in daily communication and through training sessions to improve their integrity and anticorruption awareness. We adhere to supervising and managing the integrity of our suppliers and distributors, and we blacklist and terminate cooperation with suppliers that violate integrity clause. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATOR IN 2021 Suppliers signing rate of the Code of Conduct was 96. 6 35 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Supply Chain Risk Management We are fully aware of the importance of supply chain stability to production operations. Climate change, droughts and other natural disasters pose risks to the environment and society, and cause raw material price fluctuations, resulting in operation disruption and stability of the supply chain. Therefore, we established a supply chain risk management mechanism to mitigate uncertainty in the supply chain caused by complex environmental and social factors. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT Policy and legal risks With China's further promotion of the dualcarbon goals, we face higher requirements for energy conservation and emissions reduction. We proactively examine and identify highcarbon, highpolluting components in our supply chain Extreme weather risks Identify and assess the potential impacts of typhoons, rainstorms, etc. on our supply chain Social risks We continuously monitor supply shortages and disruptions that maybe caused by social issues, such as labor disputes and human rights issues, which pose additional risks to the sustainability of sourcing activities Risk management After identifying the risks, we will manage the relevant risks. For example, we have increased the number of suppliers in different regions to reduce the negative impact of extreme weather in the same region 36 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Promoting a Green Supply Chain In response to the national development trend of utilizing lightweight, deplasticized packaging materials, we continuously encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of green packaging, and strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies. This helps promote the green transformation and upgrade of the supply chain to improve the value chain and ensure supply chain security. Sustainable Sourcing We are continuously committed to promoting the quality and standards of sustainability in the industry, and take them as the key areas of our innovation. We proactively explore sustainable raw material sourcing and give preference to suppliers that have obtained relevant international standards and certifications. We have cultivated global sourcing capabilities with global resources, built a mutually beneficial winwin supply chain cooperation system, and strengthened international cooperation along the supply chain. Raw Material Traceability To ensure that product quality risks are monitored throughout the process, we have formulated and established a raw material traceability management mechanism with a phrased approach adopted, including traceability of recyclable yarns using the trace element method. To ensure the effectiveness of raw material traceability, we continue to improve the management mechanism to achieve the traceability goal to cover the entire production process from raw materials to products delivered to consumers. We also continue to formulate strict traceability scope, time and evaluation standards based on the characteristics of products and raw materials to ensure that every procedure is accurate. Promoting Industry Development Over the past 30 years, we have continuously invested in technological innovation and R&D, forming a triple R&D model that comprises forwardlooking R&D with the Group's global resources, pragmatic R&D that leads to rapid transformation, and industryuniversity R&D cooperation integrating social and academic resources. As a pioneer in industry development, we have explored the possibility of even more breakthroughs with our business partners by exploring industry cooperation, strengthening industry exchanges, and participating in innovative cooperation models. Developing diverse cooperation channels we have developed diversified cooperation channels. We worked with international suppliers, such as Du Pont and Dow Chemical Company, to jointly develop cuttingedge sports materials and technologies. Technological innovation has enhanced our sustainable development capabilities and promoted the industry's technological progress and the further development of the entire Chinese sports industry. Promoting industryuniversity R&D cooperation we have developed profound cooperation with wellknown domestic universities and other higher education institutions. We focus on investment in fundamental disciplines in R&Dand innovation, and have continued to dive deeply into sports technology R&Dand innovative design. We established China's first accredited sports science laboratory in the industry. Through industryuniversity R&D cooperation, we have strengthened the cooperation and launched dozens of sole and fabric technologies to improve the sports performance of global consumers, creating ANTA's significant differentiated competitive advantage. During the financial year, we joined hands with Tsinghua University to have established the Tsinghua UniversityANTA (China) Co., Ltd Joint Research Center for Sports Fashion. The center is committed to building a world leading innovation platform for the sportswear industry by leveraging the resources of Tsinghua University's multifaculty and interdisciplinary experience. It helped Chinese sportswear brands to drive growth and to achieve global recognition via the integration of innovation in sports technology R&Dand market transformation. 37 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES Labor Management Employment Compliance We strictly abide by the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor, and other laws and regulations on labor and employment. We have developed internal management policies, such as the Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. These protect our employees labor right aswell as other fundamental rights and interests under the laws, resulting in fair and compliant employment, aswell as sound and stable employment relationship with our employees. Employees are the cornerstone of the enterprise's longterm development. We regard talent as the most valuable aspect of our core competitiveness, respect the fundamental rights and interests of our employees, and are committed to creating an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe working environment. We are committed to building a training system for diversified talent development, we attach importance to employee growth, and we strive to create a better future with them. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Staff welfare Human rights and labor rights Diversity and inclusion Health and safety Staff development and training Salary and Benefits Salary and Performance Appraisal We are committed to offering fair, reasonable and competitive salary package and benefits. We have established the Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy and a valuecontribution based performance management mechanism, so as to drive employees enthusiasm and proactiveness on all level, maximize employees personal value realization, incentivize talents through the compensation and performance mechanism and continuously attract and retain quality talents both internally and externally. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had approximately 52, 000 employees. The Group's male and female employees accounted for 26. 0 and 74. 0 of total employees respectively, and female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives 38 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Percentage of Employees by Age in 2021 Percentage of Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of Employees by Gender in 2021 Percentage of Employees by Rank in 2021 Female Male President level Director level Manager level Production staff Officers and others 1624 2540 41 or above 26. 0 74. 0 Number of ANTA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of ANTA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Age in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 11. 3 19. 7 72. 5 0. 1 6. 4 Number of ANTA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of ANTA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Age in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 11. 6 15. 4 73. 0 Number of ANTA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of ANTA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Age in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 Mainland China Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 0. 8 99. 2 Number of ANTA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of ANTA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Age in 2021 Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 We continuously implement our scientific and effective performance appraisal model. Based on the characteristics of each position and our business development, we formulate management policies such as the Individual Performance Management Policy, Ecommerce Store Personnel Performance Management Regulations, Group Retail Regional Office Personal Performance Management Policy. We have clearly standardized the performance management of employees in various positions and implemented a monthly and semiannual performanceevaluation mechanism. We use employees personal performance and departmental organizational performance as the basis for performance scoring, and correspondingly distribute performance bonuses as an incentive mechanism, so as to encourage and guide employees to achieve innovative breakthroughs while also attaching importance to making contribution to organizational development. 39 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES Benefits Statutory benefits Basic benefits Special benefits In accordance with national and local regulations, we provide our employees with Statutory holidays and leave Leave entitlement sick leave, workrelated injury leave, personal leave, marriage leave, bereavement leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, breastfeeding leave, annual leave, leave in lieu, etc. Social insurance, including basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, workrelated injury insurance, and maternity insurance Housing Provident Fund Other statutory employee benefits All employees are entitled to Gifts for major festivals Some employees are entitled to Supplemental medical insurance Staff quarters Housing allowance Share award scheme We abide by the minimum wage requirements, and make appropriate adjustments to our employees salary and benefits annually according to the market salary level and performance results. We also constantly improve the salary incentive policy and employee benefits, protect our employees basic rights and interests, and fulfill our commitment to care and respect for our employees. Focusing on the longterm development and governance, we established a share award scheme for senior executives to help create a corporate atmosphere of aligned value and responsibility undertakings. 40 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Talent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. According to our corporate strategies and characteristics of various job vacancies, we continuously improve the recruitment management system, standardize the recruitment processes, and capture industry elites through multiple channels, such as campus recruitment, lateral hire, executive search firms, and employee referrals, resulting in efficient and accurate talent recruitment that strengthens our talent echelon buildup. We attract capable individuals with great potential and competency to join the Group through talent fostering programs, such as the Star Program, and Champion Class, and continuously expand our talent pool to ensure the Group's highquality development. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. Respecting Human Rights Prohibition of Child Labor and Forced Labor As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we follow Universal Declaration of Human Rights of United Nations and the International Bill of Human Rights to fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of our employees. We strictly prohibit all operating units from employing child labor or any form of forced labor. We strictly comply with all national and local laws and regulations. We have signed employment contract with employees. We have strengthened our employment compliance management, and require our prospective employees to provide identity documents before onboarding to ensure that they have reached the minimum working age required by local law. Internally, we promote human rights awareness among our employees and allow them to understand their rights and possible infringement of other employees rights through the Employee Handbook. In the event of any case of child labor, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. Externally, we strictly monitor the human rights protection of our suppliers, and warn and punish them if they violate relevant regulations. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had no cases of illegal employment, child labor or forced labor, or human rights complaints 41
HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We appointed a thirdparty agency to conduct an employee satisfaction survey. The satisfaction rate was 73 We joined the United Nations Global Compact during the financial year, fulfilling our basic responsibilities related to human rights and labor standards, and respecting and safeguarding all internationally recognized human rights. We pledge never to participate in any behavior that ignores or tramples human rights, and proactively eliminate all forms of forced labor and any form of discrimination. Diversity and Inclusion We attach great importance to diversity, promote a corporate culture of respect, inclusiveness, and openness. As our Employee Handbook explains, there must beno discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion or development of employees based on gender, age, religious beliefs, nationality, complexion, race, sexual orientation, marital status, or other social identity. We undertake to uphold the principles of legality and openness, treat every employee fairly and justly, protect employees against harassment including physical, verbal, sexual or psychological, abuse or threats, and promote the construction of a corporate culture of diversity and inclusion. To assist foreign employees to adapt to life and work in China, we have a bonus incentive mechanism to encourage them to learn Chinese and arrange them to take the national standardized Chinese proficiency test. Occupational Health and Safety Production Safety Management System We regard production safety as a top priority for business management, ensure that our business operations comply with all regulatory requirements, and strictly abide by the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Diseases, Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, Regulations on Work Related Injury Insurance, and other national laws and regulations. We continually improve and streamline the production safety management system, establish a production safety management structure, define the main components of each level, implement a production safety responsibility system, and ensure safe production. In addition, we received GB T 450012020 ISO 45001 2018 occupational health and safety certification and production safety standardization tertiary enterprise certification. Employee Communication We attach great importance to employees feedback, attentively listen to their views, and provide effective communication channels for employees. We facilitate communication between the Group's management and general staff through the intranet, We Chat and ANTA Forum. We understand employees needs, provide timely feedback and assist in solving difficulties, protect their rights and interests, and continuously enhance employees satisfaction and sense of belonging. In addition, we provide effective channels for employees to complain and express views. We take necessary measures to protect the legitimate demands and rights of whistleblowers, encouraging employees to file complaints using real names or anonymously through online and offline platforms, such as mailbox, hotline, and the official We Chat account named ANTA Integrity. 42 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
1 Data obtained from the Group's Human Resources Department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. To achieve the safety goal of Zero Casualties, we strengthen hazard prevention and control, conduct annual monitoring of occupational disease hazard factors and complete workplace occupational disease hazard filings. We also organize monthly safety inspections in production areas, and regularly inspect and maintain production facilities and the use of equipment by our employee. We further introduce automated technology equipment to reduce work safety accidents, so as to eliminate hidden production safety dangers. If there is a production safety accident, we follow the Regulations on Work Related Injury Insurance, classify the accident according to its nature, severity, and scope, and follow the accidenthandling procedure. The relevant department provides accident investigation report to the Human Resources Department. The Administrative Department then handles the case and holds relevant persons accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. The number of workdays lost due to workrelated injuries was 4, 813 and there were no incident of workplace fatalities from 2019 to 2021 1. Safety Training and Drills As the Group is growing, we also pay attention to our employees occupational health and safety. We have clearly defined occupational safety management responsibilities. Through regular safety training and drills, we have strengthened our employees ability to deal with safety emergencies, and we provide them with personal protective equipment for various types of jobs to reduce the risk of occupational diseases and injuries and to ensure the health and safety of all employees, in order to create a safe and comfortable work environment. During the financial year, 319 health and safety training sessions were conducted in Jinjiang during the financial year, with a total of 7, 897 training hours, 3, 195 participants and a coverage rate of 96. 43 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Safety Precautions We provide employees with personal protective equipment and firstaid facilities required for their work, including noiseproof earplugs for apparelproduction staff, dustproof protective clothing for employees working in the down filling room, wire gloves for employees who do fabric cutting, and eyewash in the factories. We also invested a lot of manpower and resources in epidemic prevention and control. We distributed epidemic prevention materials to employees, required employees to wear masks, measured their body temperature before entering the factories, and regularly disinfected the factories. We implemented the normalized management of epidemic prevention for the health and safety of the industrial park to ensure safety, and orderly and normal operations. Building Safety Culture We regard Safety Culture as part of the foundation of enterprise production safety management. We continuously promote our corporate culture on safety, improve employees safety awareness and responsibility, and strengthen the concept of safety first through special production safety activities, such as afire safety knowledge contest anda women s health promotion conference. Safety Training and Education We attach great importance to employee health and safety training, and conduct targeted safety education according to the job requirements for each position. We regularly organize safety training, such as threelevel safety education, workrelated injury prevention training, and introduction to machine operation specifications for new employees to improve their safety supervision and management capabilities. Besides, we set up warning signs in places with potential occupational hazards and conducted health and safety promotion in all production units through posters, banners, and slogans to promote the overall improvement of the health and safety awareness of all staff. Safety Emergency Drills We carry out firesafety emergency evacuation drills annually inaccordance with the annual plan and continuously supplement and improve the emergency plans, such as emergency response and control during typhoons and rainstorms, and epidemic prevention according to the actual situation. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES 44 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Employee Development and Training Training System To ensure the longterm development of the enterprise, we adhere to our original intention of ANTA Army Cultivation. We have invested a lot of resources to build an employee training system, broaden the headroom for employee development, and continue to build a talent pool that can adapt to our business development needs. We set up the ANTA Talent Academy as an employeetraining platform. Our comprehensive training system provides diversified training for employees at all levels, enriches the depth and breadth of training, and supports our employees career development. We formulated a number of training policies, such as the Training Operation Management Policy, ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy, and Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, to clearly define the training operation Type of training Training program Training positions Special skills training Product power Planning Design Product operations Technology and engineering Brand power Brand promotion Production power Craftsmanship Materials Pattern Retail power Ecommerce store manager Retail management Retail marketingprocess and lecturer responsibilities, and establish a sound training management mechanism. Our various business lines established training policies, such as the Retail School Recruitment Management Trainee Training Policy, and other internal business training policies based on characteristics of job functions and business needs to consolidate employees business foundation and develop their professional skills, in order to achieve our talent pool buildup as underpinned by our employees jobfunctionspecific expertise. Talent Cultivation System Our ANTA Talent Academy adopts online and facetoface training based on rank and job duties. According to vertical level and horizontal capability, we build a talent training system based on talent features, leadership and professionalism, and continue to build a training program for employee career development. Special Skills Training We believe that Professionalism is part of the core competitiveness of an enterprise in the footwear and apparel retail industry, and we continuously devise relevant professional skills courses orbiting key positions. By sorting out the workflow, required professional skills and characteristics of key positions, the ANTA Talent Academy creates training programs for employees in four dimensions, namely merchandise power, brand power, production power, and retail power. We cooperated with Tsinghua University to launch the TsinghuaANTA champion talentcultivation program. The training program, which is based on the joint cultivation model Schoolenterprise cocreation led by CEO, creates indepth experiential learning through training programs such as business classrooms, expansion and integration, interdisciplinary learning, business simulation, case discussions, and project cocreation. It expands the international vision of our future key personnel, and develops their leadership ability, preparing them to become industry elite, who can lead Chinese enterprises to go global. 45 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
ESGthemed Training Sustainable development has become an important issue for all Chinese companies. We responded to national regulations and policies, aswell as society's expectations of industry leaders, and provided various types of ESGrelated trainings. This includes cooperation with Academy of Arts & Design of Tsinghua University on the use of green materials, sustainable development design courses, and cooperation with the WWF to develop Living Planet reports and Wild Animal Protection courses to strengthen a talent foundation for sustainable development. During the financial year, our learning platform launched four courses relating to anticorruption issues and provided courses in English for foreign employees. Credentials and Skills Enhancement We encourage employees to obtain academic qualifications and external professional skills certification through continuing education and actively conduct schoolenterprise cooperation with universities to provide undereducated factory employees with opportunities to learn and grow. We encourage employees to improve their management capabilities, and we support them to participate in MBA, EMBA, MPA and other equivalent formal education or degree education programs by sponsoring part or all of their education and training expenses to help them develop. Promotion Mechanisms To promote the identification, appointment and development of talents, we set up internal promotion policies, such as the Promotion Management Policy, Group Retail Staff and Store Manager Rank Change Policy, etc. to provide multidimensional career development channels for employees in offices, retail terminals and factories. We believe this will expand the opportunity for our employees career promotion and development. We are committed to establishing a more concise, effective and flexible promotion mechanism. Regular promotion takes place in March and September. We provide equal promotion opportunities to all qualified employees based on their work performance, training results, and appreciation of our corporate culture. Moreover, for outstanding employees with great potential orthose who have made outstanding contributions to the Group, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log onto our internal Employee Career Development Platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through competing for job vacancies within the Group. Caring for Employees Aiding underprivileged employees We care for underprivileged employees and their families. To effectively aid them in tackling their difficult situation and extend our care to them, we identify the needs of underprivileged employees and provide our support in a timely manner, so as to promote harmonious HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 Percentage of employees trained 79. 7 46 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
atmosphere featuring mutual help and support and enhance our corporate solidarity. During the financial year, the Fujian Hemin Charity Foundation set up by the founder family deployed a total of RMB 1. 94 million to assist employees in need. Initiatives included visiting and consoling underprivileged employees families, subsidizing their children, and aiding sick employees and their families. Promoting a Healthy Worklife Balance We adhere to peopleoriented principles. We attach importance to our employees growth and development as much as we care about their wellbeing. We provide a variety of caring activities and support their pursuit of a healthy worklife balance. Housing support We provide staff quarters for employees and family suites for married employees. We help specific employees in need with mortgage assistance through the Sweet Home Plan. Child care service Child care centers have been established in certain factories to provide commuting and child care services for employees children. Caring for women We setup Caring Nursery Rooms for working mothers, which are equipped with nursing chairs and refrigerators. We also regularly distribute sanitary products to female employees, and arrange female employees to participate in gynecological checkups. Health guarantee We provide employees with personal protective equipment required for their daily work. We have regular employee production safety promotion programs. We provide all employees with annual health checkups and medical insurance through the Worryfree Medical Plan, and carry out Two Cancers screening for female employees every year. Antiepidemic care We encourage employees to get vaccinated, and regularly distribute masks and other antiepidemic materials to office employees. We conduct regular cleaning and disinfection in the office areas and provide employees with mental health counseling services, if needed. 47 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Combating Climate Change Low Carbon Management Climate change has become the biggest global challenge. We have proactively responded to China's goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060, work with our upstream and downstream partners to tackle climate change, and are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. We proactively disclosed our GHG emissions performance for seven consecutive years, and are committed to reducing our GHG emissions. While rapidly expanding our business, we have continued to strengthen our carbon footprint management. With our carbon intensity decreasing year by year, we We continuously attach importance to environment protection and the pursuit of ecological civilization, and we are committed to incorporating sustainable development into corporate activities and decisionmaking. We continuously promote green product design, packagingreduction projects, and sustainable logistics. We also promote environmental impact control throughout the entire process, from production and operations to retail products to save energy and resources and reduce emissions and waste. We proactively promote green office operations and conduct various employee activities to enhance the environmental awareness of our employees and their families. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Climate change Sustainable raw material sourcing Use of packaging materials GHG emissions General waste discharge Waste gas emissions and waste water disposal Use of energy Use of water resources are leading the green, lowcarbon, and circular development of the industry. Combating Climate Change Risks We are committed to working with our upstream and downstream partners to address climate change risks inaccordance with the SDGs of the United Nations. We are committed to addressing climate changerelated risks, and we plan to conduct a groupwide climate change risk management and materiality assessment to identify and assess climate risks. In addition, we have emergency plans for extreme weather and natural disasters, such as typhoons and earthquakes, to ensure the stability of production and operations. 48 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
2 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume. Product Carbon Footprint We rolled out environmentally friendly shoes made with degradable or recyclable materials and incorporated environmental concepts more thoroughly into the process of product design, production, R&D, and manufacturing. Consumers can enjoy stylish sports outfit while engaging in the ecofriendly lifestyle and attitude that we advocate, thus enriching our brand value. Green Design We attach great importance to the development of environmentally friendly products and incorporate environmental protection concepts into the product design process. We have actively replaced nonrecyclable raw materials with degradable materials and biobased materials, and strive to reduce our environmental impact. We use environmentally friendly materials, such as Du Pont SORONA, regenerated cellulose fiber, recycled yarn and fiber for apparel and shoes production to create sustainable sports products. Our shoe products use waterbased glue instead of oilbased glue, thus reducing the use of hazardous chemicals and the impact on our production workers health and the environment. In addition, we have developed new materials to promote sustainable development with innovative technology. During the financial year, FILA launched 618 themed environmentally friendly shoes. The upper textiles and leather materials contain environmentally friendly materials, and the shoebox materials are composed of 100 Forest Stewardship Council certified paper. Sustainable Packaging and Logistics Sustainable Packaging Materials We promote the transformation to sustainability in terms of our packaging materials, and have alleviated the distress over resources and the environment during production. We also promote recycling and conduct R&Don degradable packaging materials. Packaging reduction Throughout the process from production to sales, we proactively reduce the use of packaging materials We use crates for internal circulation in the factories to minimize the use of tags and packaging. We reduced the number of tags. We reduced the use of isolation paper for apparel packaging. We improved instore displays to reduce the use of packaging material. Environmentally friendly materials We use environmentally friendly materials, such as recyclable or recycled materials, to reduce the amount of plastic packaging materials We use degradable paper or recycled paper as shoe packaging and do not use plastic bags for 99. 9 of our shoe products. We use environmentally friendly wax rope instead of transparent buckles, recycled polyethylene material moisture barrier bags and polyethylene tape. We use foodgrade packaging to improve the quality and safety of our packaging materials. Green Logistics We have explored various ways to achieve green logistics and are committed to reducing our carbon footprint from raw materials and product distribution. We comply with local laws and regulations, have formulated relevant internal policies, and have built a green logistics system. We are gradually replacing our fuel vehicles with electric vehicles in our logistic center. Packaging material consumption 2 (ton) 21, 943. 96 49 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Green Production We abide by national laws and regulations and have formulated and abide by rigorous management systems. We have exerted a significant effort to reduce environmental pollution and have implemented a variety of green environmental protection measures in the production process, including classifying waste and saving on resources. We set up a management system according to the ISO 14001 standard. Sofar, ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd., and Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. have received the ISO 14001 environmental management system certification. Emissions and Waste Emissions Management We formulated relative policies to manage emissions, and conducted regular inspections of our waste water, exhaust gas and noise to ensure compliance with emissions regulations. During the financial year, we were not subject to any environmental or ecologicalrelated fines. We have implemented effective measures to achieve green production, including proactively controlling the environmental impact from the production process and reducing the generation and emissions of dust and other pollutants We used fully automatic antisplashing equipment and replaced manual production with mechanical arms. We deploy coating in a closed environment to contain the spread of chemicals Electric engraving machines were equipped with a pulsejet collector to reduce dust pollution We had anew cutting waste recycling device, which uses innovative liquid nitrogen cryogenic grinding technology, which fully recycles waste and greatly reduces dust in our factoriesPROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT 145, 454. 08 GHG emissions Revenue and GHG emissions 2, 772. 48 142, 681. 60 Scope 1 Direct GHG emissions 3 (ton of CO 2 equivalent) Scope 2 Indirect GHG emissions 4 (ton of CO 2 equivalent) Revenue in 2021 (RMB billion) Total GHG emissions (ton of CO 2 equivalent) Total GHG emission intensity (ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB) 145, 454. 08 56. 0 49. 33 2. 95 12. 2 38. 9 3 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from direct greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption (such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas) during operation production process and the refrigerants emission. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. 4 Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group's operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 50 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Waste Management We abide by our Waste Management Policy, Waste Management Regulations, Hazardous Waste Management Policy and other internal policies and guidance and clearly define the responsibilities of all departments. We classify and manage waste in the production process, and keep complete records of the process. We conduct general or key controls over our waste recycling partners, depending on the circumstances. We communicate our environmental policy to them, obtain their waste recycling and treatment results, and follow up when necessary. Waste classification and treatment measures Recyclable waste wastepaper and scrap metal to be centralized at collection points then classified and passed to relevant departments for recycling Nonrecyclable waste domestic and engineering waste tobe stored in designated trash cans or places for regular collection by relevant departments Hazardous waste tobe centralized at collection points and treated by qualified third parties with strict control and supervision of recycling and disposal 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group's production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 covers relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.. 6 The data of nonhazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and selfoperated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (nonrecyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of nonhazardous waste. Total hazardous waste 5 produced (ton) Total nonhazardous waste 6 produced (ton) 24. 13 3, 248. 83 Volume of waste production We have been flourishing for the past 30 years and we have made remarkable achievements, not only on business and financial performance, but also protecting green environment. We continue to minimize the impact brought to the environment and operate under effective environmental protection measures. During the financial year, our revenue reached RMB 49, 328 million, representing an increase of 38. 9 as compared to that of 2020, while the total greenhouse gas emission intensity (ton of CO 2 equivalent revenue per million RMB) increased by 12. 2 to 2. 95 tons of CO 2 equivalent as compared to 2020. During the financial year, we expanded the scope of data statistics and adopted the Operation Control Method to collect and calculate the environmental data, without converting the data of each enterprise according to the shareholding ratio. We adopted the Equity Ratio Method to convert the overall data according to the shareholding ratio in 2020 and before. Therefore, the greenhouse gas emission data recorded increase in 2021 compared to 2020. 51 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Energy Efficiencyimproving Measures We scrap old vulcanization equipment with high energy consumption, replacing with low energy consumption equipment We optimize the splatquenching design of some molds to shorten the quenching time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We optimize the rapid heating design of some molds to shorten the rapid heating time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We introduced automatic footwearmaking equipment, including filmless bottoming machines, automatic rotary sand sieving machines, automatic drying machines, automatic secondary mold wedge forming machines, automatic small foaming machines, and automatic hydraulic rubber press machines We use automatic paperboxfolding machines Water Resources Management We issued Measures for Industrial Park Cost Savings anda Letter on Energysaving, Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park, which stipulate detailed measures for reducing water use in the production process, and ensure their implementation through an inspection system. Water Resourcesaving Measures We renovated the boiler return water piping system to recycle steam boiler water We inspect the plumbing equipment daily to prevent water pipes from dripping, leaking and bursting that would result in equipment damage We sink filledup bottles into the flushing water tanks in the factory toilets to take up volume and reduce the amount of flushing water needed We use moderate size faucet valves to prevent the waste of water resources Energy Management To promote the conservation and rational use of energy, and maximize energy efficiency and economic benefits, we formulated internal management systems, such as the Energy Conservation and Emissions Reduction Management System. We determined specific energysaving measures in the production process, and assigned responsible persons to inspect and supervise the implementation of daily energysaving measures. Energy use performance Gasoline (k Wh) Diesel (k Wh) Natural gas (k Wh) Purchased electricity (k Wh) Purchased steam (k Wh) 889, 062. 42 255, 379. 22 11, 895, 519. 78 205, 233, 867. 35 60, 989, 344. 52 Energysaving measures We purchase electrical equipment with energysaving labels We conduct frequent inspection on power lines and equipment, and take immediate steps to reduce unreasonable power consumption and power loss We use highpower energysaving lamps for lighting. Automatic switching provides sufficient lighting, reduces the number of lamps used, adjusts the lighting time, and turns off the lights automatically when not in used. They are inspected by special personnel We strictly manage the use of air conditioners and elevators, and open them only when needed 52 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Green Advocacy We formulated the Office Management Policy to regulate the use of energy resources in the office areas and promoted a number of green office measures. Green Office Measures We established a regular inspection system in public areas and conduct safety hazard inspections to ensure low percapita energy consumption We posted guidelines on air conditioners and light switches to remind employees to reduce energy consumption whenever possible We regularly maintained our office equipment to extend the service life and improve resource efficiency We promoted a paperless office and implemented unified management of office stationery, such as pens, ink and paper We replaced some business trips with video conferences to reduce GHG emissions We set doublesided printing as the default setting to reduce office paper consumption In addition to our green actions, we are committed to raising public awareness of environmental protection and cultivating their sense of gratitude for and awe of nature. Biodiversity Conservation We are committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Nature Conservation Outline of the People's Republic of China. We are working with our partners to better practice biodiversity conservation throughout the supply chain. For example, we cooperated with the WWF to focus on protecting the two endangered species, the Siberian tiger and the finless porpoise, through continuous promotion and education. We continuously attach importance to and carry out sustainable forest management and natural vegetation restoration. We are committed to creating a good environment for the return of wild animals, protecting the earth's biodiversity, promoting the harmonious coexistence of humans and nature, and achieving global sustainable development. We launched the ANTA Forest forest and landscape recovery project at the Imperial Ming Tombs Forest Farm in Beijing. Forest and landscape restoration work was performed at numerous forest lots in the area to protect biodiversity and to offset the greenhouse gas emissions, and provide landscaping for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games. During the financial year, we had no incidents that had a negative impact on biodiversity. Total water consumption intensity (m Revenue per million RMB) Total water consumption (m ) 28. 87 1, 424, 206. 58 Water consumption performance 53 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY Focusing on Sports As one of the leading sportswear companies in China, we focus on citizens sports health. We are committed to improving the public's physical and mental health by promoting various social projects and investing resources in sports development and public health. We promote sports activities and enhance sports development in various respects by making recommendations on industry reforms, donating sports products, donation, sponsorship grants for athletes, cultivating youth education, etc. Over the years, we have proactively participated in community development while promoting our production and operations and contributed to the construction of a harmonious society through various community activities. In addition to establishing a mutual aid fund for the poor, we focus on public service, such as serving the community, alleviating poverty, and helping in emergencies. We also encourage our employees to proactively participate in public welfare activities and join us in fulfilling our corporate social responsibility. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Social investment Supporting the Olympic Games ANTA has been a partner of the COC for 16 consecutive years, and has sponsored 22 Chinese national teams with professional sports outfit, including winter sports, boxing, taekwondo, gymnastics, weightlifting, wrestling, swimming, trampoline, etc. The strategic partnership demonstrated our efforts to proactively promote the Olympic and National spirit over the years. ANTA unveiled the Champion Dragon Outfit, for the CSD for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Summer Games. This was a combination of Chinese traditional culture, beauty and advanced technology, supporting Chinese Olympic athletes for the celebration on the victory podium. Athletes Social Interaction As rolemodels for the general public, athletes are dedicated to establishing a positive image for young people. ANTA is committed to bringing the athletes closer to the general public and strengthening the positive interaction. During the financial year, China's first figure skating world champion, Chen Lu, participated in the Winter Olympics with Me Sturdy Growth Sports Camp. Under the professional guidance of Miss Chen, the children were able to freely experience the fun of ice and snow, and learn how to build resilience and develop a strong physique. 54 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Supporting Integration of Sports and Education Physical education is a subject in the national curriculum. It enables students to master the basic knowledge and skills of physical education, while achieving moral education, which plays avital role in improving the level of physical fitness of Chinese citizens. We have actively responded to the advocacy of the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Education for the integration of sports and education and are committed to the development of youth sports education. During the financial year, we organized the ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project in our home city Jinjiang, Fujian, and launched ANTA Physical Education Lessons with our partners, which integrated the physical and mental development, growth characteristics and needs of young people to cultivate their allaround sports development. 47 students participated in the lessons, and 33 physical education teachers and ANTA volunteers received physical education teacher professional training in ANTA Physical Education Lessons. The training of frontline physical education teachers enhanced the professional physical education level and unleashed the teachers passion, thereby improving physical education quality and promoting the healthy allaround growth of young people. Supporting Education We have long been devoted to education and public welfare, creating greater value for society through investment and training in People. We continuously intensify our efforts to build lifelong learning and education systems, and strive to enable all citizens to acquire new knowledge and skills anytime, anywhere. We strive to continuously adapt to the new requirements of economic and social development, bridge the gap between higher education and highquality employment, overcome occupational constraints, and support the healthy development of national education. We adhere to the core values of Integrity and Gratitude and integrate social responsibility into our corporate development strategies and cultural development, so that our dedication to public welfare responsibility can be passed on for generations. Public Welfare and Charity We are dedicated to rural revitalization, caring for children, combating the Pandemic, community public welfare, biodiversity protection, etc. Through our continuous devotion to public welfare and charity, we are committed to making a better society and building a positive image. Community Public Welfare We are committed wholeheartedly to contributing to public welfare and giving back to society through disaster relief and community development, integrating enterprise business value and social value. 55 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
We launched the ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project in 2017, jointly established with the China Youth Development Foundation and the ADream Foundation. The project focuses GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY on Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities. It allows young people in underdeveloped areas to grow happily by products donation, moral education and sports education. We are dedicated to integrating the sports spirit into every child's life. With our resources and strengths, we create a more comprehensive growing environment for young people and help them form a healthy lifestyle and personality. After the severe rainstorms in Henan province, we donated cash and sportswear equivalent to RMB 50 million to the Henan Charity Network to support frontline rescue work in the affected areas and help people in those areas to rebuild their lives as soon as possible. We also provided assistance to affected staff and their family members in Henan. Volunteer Service As a leading enterprise in China's sports industry, we proactively participate in community welfare and volunteer services. During the financial year, our Volunteer Association Service Base was officially unveiled in Shanghai, and the ANTA Ski Camp was launched. Ten Dream Camp volunteers served the children at the event. Our volunteers and professional teachers told the children about the origin and development of skiing, laying the foundation of professional knowledge for their skiing dreams. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We donated RMB 65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project has donated over RMB 490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value)benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in Chinaestablished 150 ADream Centerstrained 2, 817 physical education teachers 56 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
2022 marks the start of anew era. We are committed to growing sidebyside with stakeholder values and putting sustainability into practice. Embarking on our new journey, we adhere to the mission to integrating the sports spirit of Going beyond Oneself into everyone's daily life. We seek changes while preserving stability, put forward anew vision To Become A Leading Multi Brand Sportswear Group In The World, and uphold our business principle of Value creation through Mutualism to create a Mutualistic Ecosystem. We have also established anew strategy Singlefocus, Multibrand, Globalization. We will continue to dive deep in sustainable development, while growing sidebyside with stakeholder values. We drive sustainability in four aspects consumers, partners, the environment and the society. Our basic framework for sustainable development is divided mainly into three stages Follower, Participant and Leader. On the path to sustainable development, we are now in the stages of Participant, as we aim to respond to international initiatives and formulate longterm goals and strategies. We firmly believe that as long as we continue to develop gradually towards our goals, we will be able to become a Leader. Compliance stage - Follower Corporate social responsibility Participant Corporate sustainability Leader Midterm Shortterm Longterm Compliance and review Awareness cultivation System construction Social engagement System implementation Project counseling International participation Product sustainability System upgrade Current stagePROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE 57 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Our new tenyear MISSION We will continue to deepen our understanding of consumer needs and provide personalized products to integrate sports into people's lives. To fulfill our mission to Go Beyond Oneself, we encourage consumers to become better individuals and accumulate experience for the Group to become a better organization so that we can contribute to society and build a better world. Our new tenyear VISION We seek opportunities amid change and keep moving. We are committed to Becoming a Leading Multibrand Sportswear Group in the World in five areas market share, brand value, technological innovation, social responsibility, and employee development. To become a leading multibrand sportswear group in the world Market share Brand value Technological innovation Social responsibility Employee development Support consumers to become better individuals Accumulate experience for the Group to become a better organization Contribute to society and build a better world Going beyond oneself Our new tenyear STRATEGY Singlefocus To focus on the sportswear industry and consumer value creation, to make every effort to produce quality shoes and apparel. Multibrand To cater to consumers differentiated needs through multibrand strategy; to create diversified consumer values; to establish an array of brands in the realm of professional sports, fashion sports and outdoor sports; to strengthen and empower a synergistic platform that underpins multibrand development. Globalization To create Chinese brands with global footprints; to unleash international brands profound growth potential in the China market. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE Multibrand Single focus Globalization 58 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Our corporate value proposition Mutualism with Ecosystem Partners Collaborating with the Industry Chain, Supporting Employees to Thrive We appreciate the fact that only through cooperation can we achieve winwin results, and we look forward to joining hands with all stakeholders for mutual growth and progress. We regard our employees as the cornerstone of the Group's sustainable development. We are committed to protecting the basic rights and interests of every employee, creating a fair and just employment environment and a safe and healthy work environment, implementing diversified talentdevelopment strategies, and providing our employees with a career platform that allows them to fully unleash their potential. Deepening mutual growth with our upstream and downstream partners By 2030, we will Drive more than 3, 000 ecosystem partners and more than 300, 000 people to join our industry chain and to grow together Form partnerships with over 100 core retail channel partners to boost the retail market prosperity aswell as retail channel digitization reform through multibrand smart retail terminals and quality service experience, so as to maintain its industry leading position Regarding employees as our most important business partners for growth By 2030, we will Adhere to the three core cultural propositions Consumeroriented, Benchmarking with High Standard, Leading by Example and continue to maintain our industryleading employment standards and work environment Establish an industryleading, efficient and attractive compensation system and invest more in the longterm employee incentive scheme, to promote mutual growth of employees and the Group Provide our employees with a broad career platform and improve the global, multilevel talent team structure Expand the Young Talent Nurturing Program to hire over 100, 000 college and university graduates and young talents Increase female executives (director grade and above) as a percentage of all executives to over 40 Offer employment opportunities to the disabled and the underprivileged Mutualism with Consumers Creating Topnotch Consumer Values Through Multibrand Strategy We have insights into consumer needs and are committed to mutual growth with them. By 2030, we will build upon our Excellent Operational Capability for Globalized Multibrand Strategy as our core competitiveness to create consumer value. The brands under ANTA Group will serve consumers with precise targeting to their respective markets, using three brand groups with differentiation Performance Sports, Fashion Sports and Outdoor Sports to create three growth drivers. By 2030, we will invest an aggregate of over RMB 20 billion to support proprietary R&Dand innovations, to integrate and consolidate the world's leading innovation, design, technologies, academic research and supplier resources, upgrade its global technology innovation centers, and support the products that are Created in China to reach the international leading position Will allocate more resources and employ consumeroriented digital transformation to build a digital platform that empowers consumer value creation and upstream and downstream partners interconnections, improving operational efficiency to better serve consumers, organizations, society and ecosystem partners 59 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Mutualism with the Environment Achieving Carbon Neutrality by 2050 We closely follow the national green development and carbon neutral strategy and take action to protect our home. During the financial year, we established a Sustainability Committee and continuously responded to issues such as product carbon footprint management, fighting climate change, green production, and sustainable packaging and logistics. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE One overall goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 Three Zeros by 2030 Five 50 By 2030 We set achieving mutualism with the environment as our goal. We will also actively promote the 1 3 5 strategic goal Zerolandfill of selfgenerated production waste Zero use of virgin plastic in selfowned operating facilities Net zero carbon emissions in selfowned operating facilities Three Zeros Achieving the Three Zeros by 2030 Achieving One overall goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 60 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Mutualism with the Society Establishing RMB 10 billion Charity Fund As a corporation with a strong sense of social responsibility, we adhere to organically combining our We believe that Mutualism with our partners is the source of our endless vitality and energy, aswell as the value we bring to the nation and the world. Field of focus Key actions Medical support Donated funds to build a national gradeA tertiary public hospital Sports careers Launched ANTA Athlete Protection and Development Plan Rural revitalization Introduced the sports charity project Sturdy Growth Charity Project for young people to donate cash and equipment to help young people in underdeveloped areas to participate in healthy sports Environmental protection Actively cooperated with environmental protection organizations, participated in the rescue of endangered species, and contributed to biodiversity Five 50 By 2030 development with socially responsible practices. We proactively participate in community construction, charity, take substantiated action to promote the development of a harmonious society, and create a better society through goodwill. The founding family of the Group will invest another RMB 10 billion in cash and shares to establish the Hemin Foundation, to fulfill more social responsibilities. Two Improvements by 2030 Engage 3, 000 upstream and downstream ecosystem partners in the industry to improve their level of sustainability Engage 300 million consumers to exert joint efforts in sustainable development initiatives We believe that mutualism with the society is the source of our infinite vitality and energy, aswell as the value we bring to our country and the world. Replace 50 of strategic partners energy consumption with renewable energy Apply 50 sustainable raw materials Replace 50 of fuel used for transportation in our selfowned operating facilities with clean fuels Increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50 Use sustainable packaging for 50 of products Five 50 61 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies A. Environment Directory of National Hazardous Wastes Environmental Prevention and Control Law of Solid Waste Pollution of the People's Republic of China Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People's Republic of China Nature Conservation Outline of the People's Republic of China Waste Management Policy Hazardous Waste Management Policy Office Management Policy B 1. Employment Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors Individual Performance Management Policy Ecommerce Store Personnel Performance Management Regulations Group Retail Regional Office Personal Performance Management Policy Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy ANTA Group Campus Recruitment Management Measures Internal Recruitment Commendation Management Policy B 2. Health and safety Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Fire Control Law of the People's Republic of China Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China Law of Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases of the People's Republic of China Emergency Response Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on Work Related Injury Insurance Administrative Provisions on the Work Safety License of Construction Enterprises Regulations on the Reporting, Investigation and Disposition of Work Safety Accidents Work Related Injury Prevention and Treatment Mechanism 62 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B 3. Development and training Training Operation Management Policy Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy Import and Export Training Operation Management Policy ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy Retail School Recruitment Management Trainee Training Policy Promotion Management Policy Group Retail Staff and Store Manager Rank Change Policy B 4. Labor standards Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy ANTA Group Campus Recruitment Management Measures Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy B 5. Supply chain management Shoes Supplier Access and Exit Management Policy Apparel and Accessories Supplier Access and Exit Management Policy Supplier Chemical Safety Control Compliance Statement Group Procurement Supplier Performance Appraisal Management Policy Anti Commercial Bribery Agreement Shoes Chemicals Safety Management Measures 63 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B 6. Product responsibility Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China Patent Law of the People's Republic of China Civil Code of the People's Republic of China Fire Control Law of the People's Republic of China Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China Consumer Rights Law of the People's Republic of China Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China ECommerce Law of the People's Republic of China Internet Security Law of the People's Republic of China Intellectual Property Management Policy Intellectual Property Review Management Policy Product Intellectual Property Risk Management Process Quality Management Manual ANTA Recall Management Policy Chemical Safety Technical Specification for Apparels, Shoes and Accessories Guidelines for Chemical Safety Process Control Suppliers Chemicals Safety Management Implementation Guide ANTA Group Product Safety Standards Formulation and Revision Regulations Product Standard Formulation and Revision Regulations Customer Service Management Policy Personal Information Protection Management Policy Data Classification and Grading Management Standards Data Sharing Process Application System Development and Maintenance Safety Management Regulations System Access Management Regulations Information Security Incident Management Policy B 7. Anticorruption Company Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People's Republic of China Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Corruption Regulations Auditing and Supervision Policy Group Business Gift Management Policy Management Accountability Policy Exit Audit PolicyAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH 64 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A 1 Emissions General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tons) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table 65 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tons) and where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE A 2 Use of resources General disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUEAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 66 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30 TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table A 3 Environment and natural resources General disclosure Policies on minimizing the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT A 4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT KPI A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT 67 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB 1 Employment General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fullor parttime), age group and geographical region. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 68 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES B 3 Development and training General disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES KPI B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. ESG Key Performance Index Data Table 69 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIESAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labor. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES KPI B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLEORIENTED POLICIES Operation practices B 5 Supply Chain Management General disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATION KPI B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WINWIN COOPERATIONAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 70 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATEAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATEESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATEESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE KPI B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE KPI B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE 71 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 7 Anticorruption General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESSAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESS KPI B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONGTERM SUCCESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table Community B 8 Social investment General disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETYAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labor needs, health, culture, sport). GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY KPI B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETYESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 72 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
ESG Key Performance Index Data Table Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 A. Environmental 1 Aspect A 1 EmissionsA 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data 2 Particulates Ton 3. 87 Not disclosed Not disclosed Sulfur dioxide Ton 0. 14 Not disclosed Not disclosed Nitrogen oxide Ton 1. 26 Not disclosed Not disclosed A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions and intensity Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions Ton of CO 2 equivalent 2, 772. 48 32, 713 4, 458 Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions Ton of CO 2 equivalent 142, 681. 60 490, 552 88, 358 Total greenhouse gas emissions Ton of CO 2 equivalent 145, 454. 08 93, 265 92, 816 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 0. 05 Not disclosed Not disclosed Scope 2 greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 2. 90 Not disclosed Not disclosed Total greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 2. 95 2. 63 2. 74 1 We adopted the Operation Control Method to compile and convert the environmental data in 2021, and did not convert the data of each unit according to shareholding ratio; while in 2020 and before, we adopted the Equity Ratio Method to adjust the overall data according to shareholding ratio. 2 Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulates) are mainly from emissions from the Group's manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. 3 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from direct greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption (such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas) during operation production process and the refrigerants emission. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation X carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. 4 Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group's operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 MWh has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 73 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A 1 EmissionsA 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced 5 Ton 24. 13 17 3. 01 Hazardous waste intensity Kg Revenue per million RMB 0. 49 Not disclosed Not disclosed A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced and intensity Total nonhazardous waste produced 6 Ton 3, 248. 83 2, 359 2, 460. 51 Nonhazardous waste intensity Ton Revenue per million RMB 0. 07 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect A 2 Use of ResourcesA 2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 7 Gasoline k Wh 889, 062. 42 313, 192 19 8 Diesel 9 k Wh 255, 379. 22 152, 407 2 8 Natural gas k Wh 11, 895, 519. 78 12, 704, 352 2, 033, 039 10 Purchased electricity k Wh 205, 233, 867. 35 110, 175, 714 116, 430, 026 Purchased steam k Wh 60, 989, 344. 52 60, 770, 785 162, 424 11 Total energy consumptionMWh 279, 263. 17 Not disclosed Not disclosed Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB 5. 66 Not disclosed Not disclosed 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group's production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 and 2020 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.; the data for 2019 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd. and Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd.; the hazardous waste data for 2019 are disclosed in the 2019 ESG report as 3, 014 kg. To optimize the statistics and maintain consistency, the 2019 waste was converted, so the data were adjusted to 3. 01 tons. 6 The data of nonhazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and selfoperated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (nonrecyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of nonhazardous waste; the data of nonhazardous waste in 2019 were disclosed in the 2019 ESG Report as 2, 460, 514 kg. To optimize the statistics and maintain consistency, the data were adjusted to 2, 460. 51 tons as a result of the conversion of 2019 waste. 7 Energy consumption (unit k Wh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and p urchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB 25892020). 8 Unit in ton. 9 Diesel consumption increased in 2021 due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method. 10 Unit in m 3. 11 Unit in gigajoule. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 74 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A 2 Use of ResourcesA 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 424, 206. 58 1, 684, 010 1, 912, 097 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB 28. 87 47 56 A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference toper unit produced Total packaging material consumption 12 Ton 21, 943. 96 12, 283. 45 Not disclosed Intensity of packaging material consumption Ton Revenue per million RMB 0. 44 Not disclosed Not disclosed B. Social Aspect B 1 EmploymentB 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees 13 Person 52, 000 41, 000 30, 800 By gender Male 26. 0 27. 1 31. 6 Female 74. 0 72. 9 68. 4 By function Office employees 20. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 22. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 56. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed By rank President level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 14 1. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 6. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 19. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed 12 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume, and the actual volume of packaging materials used in 2020 was 12, 283. 45 tons. The unit conversion error in the 2020 ESG report has been corrected in this report. 13 The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 1, 051 other types of workers, such as temporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. 14 The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. 75 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B 1 Employment By age group 1624 15. 4 11. 6 15. 6 2540 73. 0 74. 3 69. 9 41 and above 11. 6 14. 1 14. 5 By geographical region Mainland China 99. 2 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 0. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 15 Total employee turnover rate 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By gender Male 65. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 48. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed By age group 1624 89. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed 2540 47. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed 41 and above 39. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By geographical region Mainland China 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 53. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed 15 Overall employee turnover rate (number of leaving employees during the financial year number of employees as of 31 December 2021) x 100. Employee turnover rate by category (number of leaving employees of that category during the financial year number of employees of that category as of 31 December 2021) x 100. Employee turnover reflects the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are laborintensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 76 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B 2 Health and SafetyB 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 16 Number of workrelated fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of workrelated fatalities 0 0 0 B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury 17 Office employees Day 422 295. 5 55 Production and logistics staff 18 Day 2, 313 1, 815 551 Retail employees Day 2, 078 19493 240 Aspect B 3 Development and TrainingB 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 20 Percentage of employees trained 79. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by gender Male 23. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 77. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by rank President level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 21 1. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 7. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 77. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 13. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed 16 Data obtained from the Human Resources Department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. 17 The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the Company's human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injury data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. 18 In 2021, we updated the categor y of employee function statistics from factory employees to production and logistics staff. For the number of workdays lost due to workrelated injuries, the scope of data reporting covers production and logistics staff in 2021, and factory employees in 2020 and 2019, with no retrospective adjustments. 19 The increase was due to the expansion of ANTA's retail business with FILA and other brands as a result of the DTC business transformation, which led to an increase in the number of retail employees and an overall increase in the size of the workforce, resulting in an increase in the number of workdays lost due to workrelated injuries. 20 The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employ ees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant category (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. 21 The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. 77 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B 3 Development and Training Employees trained by function Office employees 21. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 15. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 63. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category 22 Average training hours Hour 17. 58 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by gender Male employee average training hours Hour 14. 35 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female employee average training hours Hour 18. 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by rank President level Hour 6. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 23 Hour 19. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level Hour 19. 67 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others Hour 19. 63 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff Hour 7. 61 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by function Office employees Hour 16. 96 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff Hour 7. 13 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees Hour 21. 14 Not disclosed Not disclosed 22 Average training hours per employee total training hours total number of employees. Average training hours for employees in relevant categories total number of training hours for employees in the specified category number of employees in the specified category. 23 The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 78 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B 5 Supply Chain ManagementB 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region Total number of suppliers Number 379 24720 25 Over 669 26 Contracted suppliers in China 94. 2 96. 9 97. 0 Contracted suppliers overseas 5. 8 3. 1 3. 0 B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 27 96. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certification Number 267 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certification Number 162 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with bluesign certification Number 45 40 40 24 The scope of data reporting is the number of direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. We are optimizing the statistical management and data collection system of the data indicators related to our upstream business, so the data of tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers in 2021 are not disclosed in this report, and such information will be considered for future disclosure. 25 The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. 26 The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. 27 The scope of data reporting is direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. 79 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B 6 Product ResponsibilityB 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products Not applicable 0. 01 Less than 0. 03 B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 28 Product complaints Case 294, 924 295, 011 305, 433 31 Among which Shoes 63. 8 56. 0 55. 5 Apparel 35. 0 42. 4 43. 3 Accessories 1. 2 1. 6 1. 2 Service complaints 32 Case 6, 060 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B 7 AnticorruptionB 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Legal cases regarding corrupt practices Case 1 0 2 B 7. 3 Anticorruption training provided to directors and employees Anticorruption training for top management and Board members 33 Number of participants 728 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anticorruption training for office employees 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anticorruption training for Board members 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B 8 Community InvestmentB 8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 65 32 36 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 270 Over 100 Over 100 28 The scope of data is ANT A and the FILA brand. 29 In 2021, we optimized our statistics and expanded the scope of product complaints to include quality returns, 400 hotline compl aints and online complaints. 30 The scope of data is quality returns. 31 The scope of data is quality returns. 32 In response to the DTC business transformation and the advancement of ecommerce operations, we are increasingly focusing on ou r customer service quality, striving to optimize our service quality to provide consumers with a better shopping experience. In 2021, we improved our statistics and reporting methods, and incorporated servicerelated complaints into our ESG KPIs and management. 33 The scope of data is president and director level. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 80 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021
81 AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company incorporated in the Republic of Finland ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY GROUP WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BOARD Board of Directors CG CODE Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules CHINA PRC People's Republic of China COC Chinese Olympic Committee CO 2 Carbon dioxide CO 2 equivalent Carbon dioxide equivalent CSD Chinese Sports Delegation DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the CompanyFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The subbrand of FILA, which offers youth's trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FINANCIAL YEAR The year ended 31 December 2021 GHG Greenhouse gas GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries HONG KONG The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited INDEPENDENT NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent nonexecutive director(s) of the Company KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) MACAO The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRCMAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan MSCI MSCI Standard Indexes NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Nonexecutive director(s) of the Company PANDEMIC 2019 novel coronavirus disease R&D Research and development REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The sustainability committee of the Company UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural OrganizationGLOSSARY ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited
Concept and Design - Mens Creation Ltd. www. menscreation. hk Production and Printing - JAN Financial Press Limited www. Janfp. com If you have any inquiries, please contact ANTA Sports Products Limited Address 16 F, Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong Telephone (852) 2116 1660 Fax (852) 2116 1590 Email ir anta. com. hk
