ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code 2020
Mission To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone's daily life Vision To become a worldleading sustainable benchmarking enterprise Core Values Mutualism with Consumers Mutualism with Employees Mutualism with Partners Mutualism with the Society Mutualism with the Environment Reporting Principles This is the ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across China from 1 January to 31 December 2022. The Report has been prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules (with the application of the four reporting principles of Materiality, Quantitative, Balance and Consistency ). We aim to enhance the Report's breadth and representativeness by rigorously following these guidelines. The content of this report is determined through a systematic materiality assessment process, covering key issues related to different stakeholders. For the purpose of this Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to thoroughly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues, evaluate the materiality and relevance and boundaries of the issues, and then determine the specific content of the Report. We will continue to strengthen the information collection regarding the Report to improve our reporting performance and disclosure level as to sustainability. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office buildings in Xiamen, Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under selfoperation. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Please refer to website (https www. amersports. com corporatesustainabilityreports ) for more information about the ESG performance of Amer Sports. Data Sources and Reliability Data and cases contained in this Report are obtained mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board on 21 March 2023 for publication. Company Profile ANTA was established in 1991, while ANTA Sports Products Limited, a widely recognized global sportswear company, was listed on the Main Board of HKEx in 2007 (Stock code 2020. HK). For many years, ANTA Sports has been principally engaging in the design, R&D, manufacturing, marketing and sales of professional sports products including shoes, apparel and accessories to Chinese consumers. By embracing an allround brand portfolio including ANTA, FILA, DESCENTE and KOLON SPORT, and by setting up an investor consortium to successfully acquire Amer Sports in 2019, a global sportswear group that has internationally recognized brands including Arc teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance, Atomic, etc. ANTA Sports aims to unlock the potential of both the mass and highend sportswear markets. Report Availability and Feedback The electronic version of the Report is available on the Company's sustainability website. If you have any question about or comment on this Report, please reach us through any of the following ANTA Sports Products Limited Address 16 F, Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong SARTelephone (852) 2116 1660 Fax (852) 2116 1590 Email esg anta. com. hk Sustainability website https ir. anta. com esg sc index. php
Message from the Chairman Statement of the Board 2022 Highlights Safeguard Product and Pursue Innovation Creating Value through Win Win Cooperation Diversity and Inclusion for People Centered Development Promoting Environment Friendly and Green Development Giving Back to Society by Supporting Public Welfare and Sports Stable Business Operation for Sustained Progress Prospects Appendix GlossaryCONTENTS 2 4 6 12 28 38 52 70 76 102 107 128
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20222 Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. Improving Management Structure for Better Governance The year of 2022 maybe one of the most complex and volatile years in history. In the past year, consumer goods market in China has been impacted by a range of factors, including a turbulent global situation, escalating geopolitical risks, instability in international supply chains, unpredictable fluctuations of the Pandemic, more frequent and severe impacts from extreme climate, and increasingly stringent legal and regulatory requirements. The 30 th anniversary marked a new chapter of ANTA Sports, and 2022 was also a critically important year for our ESG governance. In the face of the everchanging business environment, we have maintained our longterm strategic mindset, actively responded to the situation with a Dynamic Management approach, and strengthened our engagement and management of sustainability issues both at the governance level and the operation level. We continued to improve our ESG governance structure by establishing the Sustainability Committee to ensure governance level participation in sustainability issues. We have adopted the core values of Mutualism with Consumers, Mutualism with Partners, Mutualism with Employees, Mutualism with the Society, and Mutualism with the Environment, and continued to explore growth opportunities related to stakeholders in areas such as product innovation, green supply chain, environmental protection and public welfare, in an effort to achieve highquality and stable sustainable development. In the meantime, we have joined of the United Nations Global Compact, and pledged our support to the 10 Principles of the UNGC aswell as our unswerving support to the realization of 17 SDGs of the United Nations. We firmly believe that we can continue to create more values for stakeholders by improving internal sustainability governance, strengthening management and control of our corporate development's impact on the environment and society, and abiding by the sustainability concept of Value creation through Mutualism. Promoting Sustainable Consumption through Product Innovation We actively promote the use of environmentally friendly materials in our products and packaging through R&Dand technological innovation. Taking our ANTA National Team Series of icesilk short sleeve shirts as an example, this product incorporates Sorona fiber, which features up to 30 less energy consumption and up to 63 less GHG emissions in production compared to an equivalent amount of Nylon 6. Besides, we actively promote the sustainable packaging. During the financial year, over 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoe boxes, hang tags, and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging. In addition, our brands are also exploring projects such as electronic hang tags to reduce the environmental impact of excessive packaging. We also set specific targets for each brand to continuously increase the proportion of sustainable products and exert a positive influence in the field of sustainable consumption. We have laid out clear requirements for the use of chemicals in our products, promised to gradually reduce and ultimately cease the use of harmful or restricted chemicals, and committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems, to articulate our commitment to the environmental attributes of our products. We have also become a member of SAC, demonstrating our commitment to assessing and managing the impact of footwear and apparel products throughout their entire lifecycle. Fostering a Green Corporate Ecosystem by Building Sustainable Supply Chain Climate change is a focus of global action, and the dualcarbon goals and actions are of paramount importance. During the financial year, we conducted an inventory and verification of the GHG emission MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
3 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 status of 11 selfowned operating facilities to further analyze their emission status. Based on the findings, we formulated tailored energy conservation and emission reduction plans for four selfowned operating facilities, and procured the use of renewable energy in selfowned operating facilities and over 20 suppliers facilities. We are also actively pursuing sustainable production and operations, in an effort to reduce emissions and waste generation, and reduce the intensity of water use. By promoting environmental impact control throughout the process of production, operation and endproduct, we have integrated the principle of sustainability into our corporate activities and decisions, and worked to deliver our 1 3 5 overall environmental strategic objectives. In addition, we have formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. We also plan to take active actions to promote carbon reduction in accordance with the SBTi standard. The success in building a sustainable industry requires the close support of our suppliers. We committed to the principle of winwin cooperation continued to pay attention to the standardization and professionalism of suppliers management processes, empowered our supply chain partner in order to improve their management capability and promoted the sustainable development of the supply chain. During the financial year, we conducted social responsibility audits on over 70 tier 1 suppliers, over 35 tier 2 suppliers and over 3 tier 3 suppliers, covering environmental and social metrics including labor management, health and safety, labor right, green production, etc. We did not find any material violations during audits. Among them, over 50 suppliers received thirdparty audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs, so as to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. In February 2023, we published the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook, further clarifying the management standards in the areas of labor rights, health and safety, environmental responsibility and sustainability management system, in an effort to create a mutualism platform for building environmentfriendly, healthy, safe and efficient supply chain. We are supporting suppliers to collect carbon emissions and energy usage data through digitization in order to improve their planning capabilities and management efficiency. At the same time, we are also promoting the sourcing of sustainable raw materials, and giving priority to suppliers with traceability and sustainability certification to create a green supply chain. Promoting Responsible Business Operation through Effective Human Resource Management Employees are the cornerstone of an enterprise's longterm development. We regard talents as the most valuable aspect of our core competitiveness. As a member of the UNGC, we abide by all internationally recognized human rights policies outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Bill of Human Rights of the United Nation. We respect an inclusive and open corporate culture, and continue to increase the proportion of women in our senior management team. As of 31 December 2022, we had approximately 59, 000 employees, of which 75. 1 are female and 24. 9 are male, and female executives (director level and above) accounting for 36. 1 of our total executives, representing an increase of 1. 4 percentage point ona yearonyear basis. Based on the longterm development of the Company, we have invested substantial resources in building our employee training system and continued to cultivate a talent team tailored to our business development. During the financial year, we invested over RMB 20 million in employee training, covering more than 90 employees. Moving to Nature toward a Better Environment As a global strategic partner of WWF, we continue to invest in biodiversity conservation and engage our employee volunteers and the public in nature conservation work. During the financial year, we engaged in forest ecosystem protection and restoration, fry stocking and habitat cleanup in nature reserve and other activities, leveraging our brand influence to promote the knowledge of environmental protection and boost the public awareness of the welfare cause. During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB 23 million in cash and over RMB 200 million of sports products (calculated at tag value) to various charitable organizations. Over the years, through the implementation of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, we have established 166 ADream Centers, trained 4, 468 physical education teachers, and donated over RMB 650 million of sports products (calculated at tag value), benefiting more than 4. 9 million students in 11, 711 schools in China. At the same time, we encourage our employees to participate in volunteer services, totaling over 24, 000 hours during the financial year. As the saying goes, those who keep working will get the job done; those who stay on the course can reach their destination. Over the years, thanks to our strategic planning with foresight and efficient execution, we have maintained extremely strong resilience. This has enabled us to seize the momentum of macroeconomic growth to achieve rapid development and navigate through all kinds of challenges and adversities in our business operation. Today, ANTA Sports has already grown into a worldleading sportswear group. Standing at the starting line of anew decade, we will continue to work with our team, uphold the Keep Moving spirit and adhere to our strategic and development goals. We will continue to create maximum value for stakeholders, strike the balance between business development and social responsibility, and take concrete steps toward a future of highquality and sustainable development. Ding Shizhong Chairman Hong Kong SAR, 21 March 2023
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20224 While our business continues to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the sustainability management. We have established a multilevel, effective and executable ESG governance system. We will continuously update and improve our ESG governance structure, with the Board playing a leading and active role in the Group's ESG affairs engagement and supervision. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD
5 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company's ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group's sustainability management guidelines, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. In 2021, the Company established the Sustainability Committee, consisting of three Executive Directors, four Independent Non Executive Directors and one executive designated by the Board. The committee is responsible for assisting the Board (i) to conduct effective governance and oversight of ESG matters; (ii) to formulate and review the Group's strategic objectives for sustainable development; (iii) to lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the sustainability perspective; (iv) to identify, assess and manage material ESG risks; and (v) to coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to improve the quality of ESG information disclosure, so that the Company's ESG governance effectiveness would be enhanced. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impact of ESGrelated risks and opportunities and incorporate the identification and management of ESGrelated risks into the Company's risk management system. The Sustainability Committee (on behalf of the Board) is responsible for overseeing the assessment of ESGrelated risks and opportunities and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal supervision systems are in place. We also stress the identification, assessment and management of climate change related risks, and work on and disclose climate changerelated risks and countermeasures inaccordance with the requirements of the TCFD and the Guidance on Climate Disclosures by HKEX. Review of the Progress of ESG Goals We have established the Group's sustainability strategy and goals, regularly evaluate key ESG issues and submit them to the Sustainability Committee for review and evaluation, in order to advise management for improvement of the ESG goals management system. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the ESG goals and reports to the Board. We have also incorporated ESG indicators into the performance assessment of key departments of the Group to promote the delivery of ESG goals and enhance our ESG performance. ESG Reporting and this Report This Report has been prepared by the Board with application of the following four reporting principles Materiality Materiality assessment is performed to identify ESG matters that are material to investors and other stakeholders, and to assess the direct and indirect significance of these mattersto the Group and stakeholders. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group's ESG performance objectively. Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Balance The Company discloses unbiased picture with both positive and negative information and performance regarding ESG. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either intext or in notes. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20226 ENVIRONMENT Mo ving towards to our carbon neutrality commitment by 2050 Developed carbon reduction and energy optimization plans for four selfowned operating facilities; Procured the use of renewable energy in selfowned operating facilities and over 20 suppliers facilities; Combining green spaces, energysaving design and material in constructing the Shanghai Headquarters; Officially joined and pledged support to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in January 2023 and will establish carbon reduction targets for the business across the entire value chain; Gradually reduce and eventually cease the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY CHAIN Published Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook to guide suppliers and their subcontractors on social responsibility management; The total number of suppliers of ANTA and FILA (including footwear, apparel and accessories) was 524; PACKAGING Over 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoe boxes, hang tags, and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging; CO 2 Sustainable packaging contributes to environmental impact reduction ANTA National Team Series Icesilk Short Sleeve ShirtsANTA National Team Series Honor Jackets ANTA Little Millennium Sport Shoes 2022 HIGHLIGHTS
7 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 SHARED SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Member of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and pledged support to the UNGC s 10 principles; Pledged unswerving support to the achievement of the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs); Member of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC), demonstrating a commitment to assessing and managing the impact of footwear and apparel products throughout their entire lifecycle; Global Strategic Partner of World Wildlife Fund (WWF); Donated a total of RMB 23 million in cash to different charities, and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) exceeded RMB 200 million in 2022. Conducted social responsibility audits on over 70 tier 1 suppliers, over 35 tier 2 suppliers and over 3 tier 3 suppliers, covering environmental and social metrics including labor management, health and safety, labor right, green production, etc. We did not find any material violations during audits. Among them, over 50 suppliers received thirdparty audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs; Supported suppliers to collect carbon emissions and energy usage data through digitization. 100 of DESCENTE s shoes packaging paper and paper shoe tree have received Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) and Global Recycle Standard (GRS) certifications respectively. Supply chain management contribute to shared social responsibility PRODUCT ANTA National Team Series Icesilk Short sleeve Shirts incorporate Sorona fiber, which features up to 30 less energy consumption and up to 63 less GHG emissions in producing Sorona fiber compared to an equivalent amount of Nylon 6; ANTA Little Millennium Sport Shoes ramp features Global Recycling Standing (GRS) space leather material, which is made of recycled PET plastic. In comparison to the production of 1 kg of virgin PET plastic, the production of recycled PET plastic results in 59 less carbon dioxide emissions than virgin PET plastic; ANTA National Team Series Honor Jackets feature the use of REPREVE recycled nylon yarn. Producing REPREVE results in approximately 50 reduction of CO 2 equivalent, compared to producing one ton of regular nylon.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202282022 HIGHLIGHTS Growing Revenue Potential Increasing Innovation Potential Definition of Sustainability And where are we? Sustainability Overview Our Business Multibrand strategy Continued Investment in R&D R&D costs (RMB million) 20221, 279 2018599 2019789 20211, 116 20208711, 500 1, 200 900600300 0 Maintaining an upward revenue trend RMB million 60, 000 50, 00040, 00030, 00020, 00010, 000 0 202253, 651 201824, 100 201933, 928 202149, 328 202035, 512
9 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Financial Performance for 2022 Results Highlights Financial Performance Profit attributable to equity shareholders decreased by 1. 7 to RMB 7. 6 Billion Gross profit margin decreased by 1. 4 point to 60. 2 Revenue increased by 8. 8 to RMB 53. 7 Billion Basic earnings per share decreased by 1. 7 to RMB 2. 82 Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 42. 4 GP Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR stood at 161 (155) Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR stood at 191 (182) Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Singapore stood at 1, 984 (2, 054) Number of ANTA stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 6, 924 (6, 832) Number of ANTA KIDS stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 2, 679 (2, 571) Operational Performance (As of 31 December 2022) As of 31 December 2021
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202210 Constituent Stock of Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML 100 Hang Seng China (Hong Konglisted) 100 Index HSFML 25 Hang Seng China (Hong Konglisted) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite Large Cap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite Large Cap & Mid Cap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCNAH Hang Seng SCHK exAH Companies Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSSCHK Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index HSCGS Hang Seng Consumer Goods & Services Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSESG 50 Hang Seng ESG 50 Index HSHKS 50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index 2022 HIGHLIGHTS
11 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 ANTA Sports awards Was awarded the Top Ten Best Corporate Governance Companies and the ESG Zhiyuan Award Social Responsibility Pioneer Enterprise Award by the Cailian Press Was awarded the 2022 Most ESG Brand Award by 2022 China Footwear Grand Festival Was awarded the Best ESG Employer 2022 by Aon China Was selected as an Sustainable Enterprise Case 2022 in China by APEC s Sustainable China Industry Development Initiative Was awarded the Sustainable Development category Gold by Quam IR Awards 2021 Was awarded the Best ESG (G) (Large Cap) by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association ANTA Sports rating Our ESG Report Rating and Awards Was awarded Carbon Care Star Label 2022 s Continuous Commitment in Best Practice in ESG Reporting by Carbon Care Innovation Lab Was awarded Carbon Care ESG Label 2022 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 4 by Carbon Care Innovation Lab Scored 77 in the Global ESG Monitor (GEM) 2022 global report and ranked eighth in the world's most transparent ESG reports and the top among the Hong Kong Blue Chip Stocks Ranked ahead of 87 of approximately 160 global textile, apparel and luxury brand companies in S&P Global ESG Scores Achieved an Arating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Sustainability Rating S&P Global
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202212 Innovation in Craftsmanship and Design We have always adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise and strengthened our independent innovation capabilities. Based on our wellestablished, sound R&D innovation framework, we comprehensively push forward different dimensions of R&D work, such as technological innovation, product innovation, design innovation and craftsmanship innovation. Technological R&D Innovation We attach great importance to technological R&D innovation, and promote the deep integration of the R&D of forwardlooking sports technologies and marketoriented transformation of innovative results to serve the upgrade of our products. In 2005, we established the industry's first Sports Science Laboratory at the national level in China. Over the years, the Sports Science Laboratory has collected the foot shape data of people all across the country, providing effective data support for our independent R&Dand innovation. ANTA continues to lead the direction of innovation and research in the industry with the launch of Nitrogen, AWarm, AChill, Aerated, Water Repellent and other technologies. We also work to SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION SDG goals addressed in this chapter ESG issues covered in this chapter Use of chemicals and discharge Product life cycle Product quality and safety Craftsmanship and product innovation Customer relations management Data privacy and protection Sustainable consumption Intellectual property management Responsible marketing We always maintain product quality at a high level, and regard technological innovation as key to the vitality of our brands. We believe that the essence of product quality is not limited to production quality and should expand to enhancement in product design and techniques, innovation, service, and so forth, in order to win our customers longterm confidence.
13 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 promote the upgrade of production processes and technologies. During the financial year, Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd. undertook the renovation of outdoor highend seamless workshop to strengthen the capability of seamless Key Performance in 2022 R&D expenses More than RMB 6 billion in the past 10 years Employment of top talents over 700 international design and R&D experts from eight countriesAWarm and AChill won international awards ANTA Skeleton racing shoes with 25 patentsANTA AWarm was designed and developed by the Sports Science Laboratory, and verified through professional tests and athletes' personal experience. With its super warmkeeping features, the technology won the ISPO TEXTRENDS Award, and was widely used in athletic equipment during the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, bringing the power of sports technology to the Olympics. ANTA AChill technology won the ISPO TEXTRENDS Top Ten Award, MUSE Design Award and three international awards for its quality material performance. ANTA's selfdeveloped Skeleton Shoes have different technology patents. The sole includes a midsole, a carbon piece, afront piece anda transparent piece, through which allow user to observe the structure of the carbon piece and whether there are any foreign objects. The heel of the shoe is equipped with aback piece, which has a smooth continuous line on the outer surface anda numerically simulated streamline design to help reduce air resistance. These shoes have been used by the Chinese skeleton national team in the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, helping the team win their first Olympic medal in history, and presenting to the world the power of Made in China and Created in China. technology; realized the flexible interchangeable production in the intelligent needle woven down assembly lines to raise the production efficiency; and established the innovative tooling and fixture technology workshop, and introduced an innovative model of allinone resolution for single problems through technology sharing in the whole production process.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202214 Product Design Innovation Product design innovation is our primary focus. We have established design centers in China and formed an international design team with designers from the US, Japan, the South Korea and Italy to buildup innovation capability and deepen our innovation culture. We have creatively integrated various styles into sports aesthetic design, producing new products combining different design styles and elements, and products that are both fashionable and practical. The new winter series of ANTA KIDS products, inspired by the Winter Olympic spirit, were presented in Shanghai Fashion Week, creating a classic winter outfit of children s sportswear. DESCENTE collaborated with contemporary Japanese fashion designer Kazuki Kuraishi and launched a new skateboarding series, DESCENTE X KAZUKI KURAISHI. Inspired by multiple fashion trends, FILA launched a premium sports down jacket series, blending culture with sports; KOLON SPORT ANTARCTICA LITE adopted the same warmkeeping technology specially made for the polarseries down jackets and its unique design inspirations to create the fashion of outdoor winter sports. Intellectual Property Management We attach great importance to intellectual property protection, thoroughly implement intellectual property management, and establish sound management policies for brand protection, trademark and patents. We strictly abide by the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We have established a systemic framework of internal policies concerning intellectual property management, trademark management, patent management, brand protection, and prevention and control of intellectual property infringement risks, such as the Intellectual Property Management Policy, Patent Application Process and Protocols for Defending Rights against Counterfeiting. During the financial year, we improved the Intellectual Property Review Management Policy, standardized and updated the audit process and penalty mechanism for the prevention and control of infringement risks, increased the intellectual property risk audits in the system, simplified the process for handling disputes over audit opinions, refined the penalties for design plagiarism and failure to follow the audit process, and strengthened the intellectual property awareness of business departments. During the financial year, we continued to fight against intellectual propertyrelated counterfeiting and defend our brand, and set performance targets and goals for intellectual property management. Internally, we focused on preventing risks associated with intellectual property, and externally, we focused on fighting infringement and counterfeiting, all in an effort to promote the implementation of intellectual property protection. Key Strategies Conduct auditing and control of potential infringement risks in business inaccordance with laws and regulations and job responsibilities, and set up auditing mechanisms for intellectual property risks at all key stages of the brand operation, covering but not limited to business segments such as product design, advertising and promotion, and nonproduction procurement; Investigate into the noncompliance of business departments and provide recommendations for improvement; Provide staff training and courses to enhance the intellectual property awareness of the design team. The topics of training include prevention and control of intellectual property risks in product design, trademark naming tips, patent analysis reports, and anticounterfeiting awareness; Take various measures to combat counterfeiting and fake products, and strengthen efforts to curb the sale of counterfeit products online, especially in live streaming and private domain. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
15 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Key Performance in 2022 Over 1, 800 registered and approved trademarks Over 1, 600 valid patents Over 60 copyright registrations 15 training sessions on intellectual property protection awareness, covering 800 employees across merchandise, R&Dand branding departments Over 9, 800 intellectual property risk audits, clearing over 2, 300 infringement risks Cracked down on 2, 105 different types of intellectual property cases, (infringement and counterfeiting) including 1, 769 administrative and criminal cases, 48 customs protection cases, 288 civil infringement claims, and received over RMB 10 million of compensation awarded by the courtin civil proceedings Passed the 2022 annual review of National Intellectual Property Model Enterprise organized by the State Intellectual Property Office (China) Promoting Industry Development During the financial year, we entered into partnerships with several industry partners to continuously improve the professional performance of our products with innovative technologies. With the aim of creating leadingedge sports equipment, we partnered with Beijing Institute of Fashion Industry to work on scientific research, jointly build a platform for industryuniversityresearch cooperation, and accelerate the cultivation of professional talents as well as the R&D of key projects and transformation of research results. The Tsinghua UniversityANTA (China) Co., Ltd. Joint Research Center for Sports Fashion, cofounded by Tsinghua University and us, is committed to building a worldleading innovation platform for the sports industry by leveraging the resources of Tsinghua University's multifaculty and interdisciplinary experience. It helps Chinese sporting brands drive growth and achieve global recognition by integrating the R&D of sports technology and marketoriented transformation of research results. The ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. Postdoctoral Research Station was officially approved, and it will work with Chinese universities to cultivate highend scientific research talents in the fields of sports science, new materials, new technologies and new processes. In addition, ANTA announced a collaboration with Huawei Sports Health. The ANTA Science Laboratory and Huawei Sports Health Science Laboratory will cooperate to explore the interaction between technology and sports. On ANTA's newly released Olympic champion running shoes, the two sides had the first attempt of collaboration. In a joint test conducted by ANTA Science Laboratory and Huawei Sports Health Science Laboratory, the running shoes demonstrated excellent shock absorption performance in all indicators. At the same time, a large number of data collected during the test, including the sample data of Olympic champions, will provide important reference for indepth research on the running habits and needs of Chinese runners indifferent scenarios.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202216 Raising Product Quality We strictly abide by the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We continue to improve our internal quality and safety control management system, and thoroughly implement quality monitoring and safety and security measures. We continuously develop and adopt new technologies to improve product quality, and strive to ensure that all consumers enjoy the fun of sports with our highquality sportswear. During the financial year, we focused on quality management capability, R&D technology, product quality and service, aswell as the development of sustainability standards to improve product quality. Product Quality and Safety Product quality is the foundation of our business. We are committed to supplying highquality products to consumers. We have established a quality control system covering the entire life cycle of products, and strictly implemented the Technical Standards on the Safety of Chemicals, the Manual on the Safety Control of Chemical Products for ANTA Suppliers, the Standards for the Appearance of Clothing Lining Materials, the Quality Standards on Child Safety and other standardized requirements. Our Quality Management Manual provides a complete introduction of product quality management, including chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. Quality and Safety Certification and Training We have established a comprehensive quality management system, and conducted certification of our quality and safety system. We commissioned an external organization to conduct the annual supervisory audit of the certification of our quality management system, environmental management system and occupational health and safety management system inaccordance with the 2022 Annual Plan for Management System Audit. Those confirmed effective will be issued a Certificate of Confirmation. The scope of the certification covers the design, development, production and sales management of sports and leisure footwear and apparel. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
17 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 At the same time, we actively organize qualityrelated training, learning and relevant certification for employees and suppliers. For employees, training on regulatory standards such as the Requirements of Quality Management System and the Guide to the Audit of the Management System; For suppliers, the Supplier Quality System Manager Engineer Certification program. Special Quality Inspection We c onducted special quality inspections on subjects such as production, equipment, and returned products to further ensure the quality of our products. Special inspection on glue and equipment we conduct random inspections of glue and equipment from time to time, and keep track of the progress in correcting nonconformities; Special inspection to reduce the amount of returned goods we carry out special inspections ona weekly basis to reduce the amount of returned residuals, and conduct regular review based on the comparison of returned products and check of abnormalities; Interdepartment audit we organize multiple departments to inspect and provide guidance on the production process, key points in process operation and product quality. Product Recall Management We track and manage the quality of the products sold, and have a sound productrecall mechanism. If a product with quality problems or potential safety hazards is found after leaving factory, we will initiate a recall according to the ANTA Recall Management Policy, to prevent any losses to consumers. For products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the selfinspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and selfowned operating stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. For products that are returned or recalled for quality reasons, we will take the products back for repair and give out compensation, and include them in the major quality management assessment. Chemicals Safety Management We attach great importance to the management of chemicals safety, and we strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection. We established chemicals management policies where our suppliers should also follow. Inaccordance with the relevant regulations and market requirements in China, we formulated specifications such as the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications and the Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control. During the financial year, we revised the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications and the Chemicals Safety Management Measures on Footwear Products, specifying the indicator requirements, test methods, sampling and verification rules on the chemicals safety performance of apparel, footwear and accessory products and materials to better identify chemicals. Our Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications, which is established with reference to recommended national standards, OEKOTEX 100, REACH, EU ecolabeling for shoes and boots, and other requirements, sets clear rules for the environmentfriendly and safe manufacturing of products made from various raw materials (natural fibers, chemical fibers, mixed fibers), leather products, coated fabrics, various printed products, etc. According to the industry standards, we identify, among all the existing chemicals used in our production, the types of chemicals that are recognized as harmful to the environment and health to formulate a comprehensive list of chemicals of concern, such as organotin compounds and allergenic dyes, and establish the scope of testing on this basis. The quality departments of our footwear, apparel and accessories brands determine the testing items according to these specifications and conduct sampling tests on the corresponding products or materials according to the relevant documents, compile statistics on the use of chemicals in the entire production process, and list the types and quantities of all chemicals of concern planned tobe phased out or banned according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and industry standards, including 70 types of insecticides, 25 types of plasticizers, 24 types of aromatic amine dyes, 18 types of carcinogenic dyes, 22 types of allergenic disperse dyes, six types
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202218 of other banned dyes, 21 types of banned flame retardants, and 13 types of banned organochlorine carriers. At the same time, we are committed to gradually reducing and ultimately stopping the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals, which include using environmentfriendly waterbased glues, reducing the content of volatile organic compounds in waste gas, and reducing the amount of treatment agents used in the shoe production process. We have introduced clear standards and requirements on the use of chemicals by our suppliers, and established the Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers, the Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers and other systems, to ensure effective control of the practices of our supplier partners in all aspects of chemical use, and make sure that our products and raw materials will not harm human health or the environment while they are worn, maintained or handled. We are committed to protecting the rights and interests of consumers and achieving winwin cooperation with suppliers in the long run. During the financial year, we provided training on chemical safety standards and chemical safety management protocols to our suppliers, with the participation of over 500 people. Digital Empowerment Since 2020, we have invested on DTC model and formulated its development plan over the next decade. The DTC model achieves the reconstruction of relationship among people, goods and markets, enhances member value, strengthens the technological middle platform, and makes use of innovative product intelligence. It also enables efficient connection between ANTA and the retail channels, helping ANTA to quickly respond to consumer needs. In the R&D process, we have greatly shortened the R&D cycle, using AI technology to automatically generate color matching, design, and 3 D technology modeling, so we can provide different color matching for designers reference. Using the data from frontend sales and market feedback, we can quickly improve product design. In addition, our smart factory has allowed transformation and upgrading of the manufacturing process through the use of digital technology. Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. has built a digital factory and completed the second phase of the smart factory construction during the financial year, advancing the digitization process at a faster speed. Advocating Circular Fashion We are making a positive impact in the area of sustainable consumption initiatives in line with our global emissions reduction targets and committed to incorporating the principles of circular fashion into business operations. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also strive to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption and achieve mutual development. Sustainable Product Design We have developed product standards and certification standards related to ESG projects, adopt the Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products, which standardizes the technical and certification requirements for sustainable materials, sustainable production processes, sustainable packaging and sustainable products, and measure environmental and health profile of new products as part of product designing, to lead the trend of sustainability in the apparel and footwear industry. We adhere to the concept of sustainability in developing our products and continuously promote the launch of environmentfriendly products. From product design concepts to the use of recycled materials as the raw materials for production, we strive to achieve efficient use of resources and reduce the environmental impact in the whole process of production. In terms of environmental technology, ANTA has Water Repellent, AChill, and Aerated technologies, and we also use different ecofriendly materials. In the future, we will actively increase the proportion of sustainable products, and have already set specific goals for each brand. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
19 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 ANTA is advancing the integration of the technology of the National Team Series and environmentallyfriendly technology. The National Team Series of icesilk short sleeve shirts now incorporate Sorona special fiber. We have upgraded Sorona fiber by infusing it with various substances such as jade powder, antibacterial agents, and coffee carbon to provide functions such as cooling, antibacterial properties, heating and other functions. We use the following ecofriendly materials Du Pont Sorona fiber Sorona uses up to 30 less energy in production compared to an equivalent amount of Nylon 6. Secondly, the GHG emissions in the production of Sorona is up to 63 lower than the production of an equivalent amount of Nylon 6. Applying Sorona helps reduce our dependence on petroleum resources and petrochemicals. Eco Cosy fabrics Eco Cosy fiber is made from certified wood pulp including CFCC PEFC in China. Manufacturing practices meet the requirements of the level of STeP by OEKOTEX certification standards. REPREVE nylon yarn This material is derived from industrial waste such as leftover thread, scraps, and cuttings generated during the production of nylon. It avoids the use of petroleum resources and is processed using special techniques, saving up to 44 of energy. Producing REPREVE results in approximately 50 reduction of CO 2 equivalent, compared to producing one ton of regular nylon. ecofriendly materials ANTA National Team Series
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202220 SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION ANTA KIDS s apparel applies Sorona fiber, driving new fashion style of sustainable fashion. ANTA KIDS SKATEBOARD SERIES The shoe upper features GRS Space leather material, which is an ecofriendly and recycled material. The production process for this material involves the use of recycled PET plastic. In comparison to the production of one kg of virgin PET plastic, the production of one kg of recycled PET plastic results in only 0. 91 kg of carbon dioxide emissions. In other words, the production of recycled PET plastic emits 59 less carbon dioxide than the production of virgin PET plastic, which emits approximately 2. 23 kg of carbon dioxide per kg produced. ANTA LITTLE MILLENNIUM SPORTS SHOESANTA s National Team Series of Honor jackets now feature REPREVE recycled nylon material, which is specifically recycled nylon yarn. ANTA NATIONAL TEAM SERIES
21 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 KOLON SPORT uses recycled polyester fabric, which is quickdrying and highly breathable. KOLON SPORT POLARTEC LONG SLEEVE TOPDESCENTE has also launched the RE DESCENTE BIRTH, DESCENTE SEED, and DESCENTE BUILD collections, which are made from old clothing, thus embodying the concepts of environmental protection and circular economy. RE DESCENTE SERIES FILA has adopted the fabric that is made from recycled waste plastic bottles, which has a good wrinkle resistance and dry feel. The design of the garment is inspired by the global climate map, which is printed on the clothes to appeal for public attention to climate change. FILA ORIGINALE GLOBAL CITIZEN RECYCLED COLLECTION SERIES
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202222 Advocating Sustainable Consumption We are making a positive impact in the area of sustainable consumption initiatives in line with our global emissions reduction targets. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also strive to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption and achieve mutual development. On the one hand, we are practicing the concept of sustainable development through our own actions. Selection into the Excellent Enterprise Cases of the Sustainable China Industry Development Initiative by APEC We have been selected as an excellent enterprise case of the Sustainable China Industry Development Initiative 2022 launched by the APEC, which recognized our practice of advocating lowcarbon consumption and living through product design and R&D innovation, and promoting green transformation in our value chain. For products that are recalled in bulk, we classify them according to their damage and value. Products that can be repaired will be fixed and put on the shelf again; products that cannot be repaired but could still be used will be handled as an employee benefit; only products that cannot neither be repaired or used will be scrapped. These efforts are aimed at ensuring maximum recycling of our products. On the other hand, we have organized public awareness campaigns on ecofriendly products and explained to consumers of the chemical contents per regulatory registration requirement in an effort to promote green consumption and raise consumers awareness of environmental protection. Improving Customer Service Being Consumer Oriented is our founding mission. We strictly abide by the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, take and deal with consumer demands seriously, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of our customers. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have notably improved our customer satisfaction rate and provided a highquality service experience to different types of consumers. Customer Service System We have established a relatively comprehensive customer service system, providing personalized customer service targeting different brands. We have setup a Customer Service Management Policy, and FILA has established a comprehensive charter for membership management, anda customer service system, which stipulates the time limit and content of aftersales services for product return and exchange, repair and replacement, and determines the standards for handling customer complaints on products and authorization for special SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
23 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 matters. FILA also provides efficient services for customers through its Customer Service Department and Membership Management Department. Distributor Management We have many brands anda large sales network, and distribution management is an important part of stable business operations. We attach high importance to communication and management with our distributors in an effort to ensure the efficiency of the distribution network, maintain a consistent sales image, and make sure that our consumers could always receive highquality services. The main criteria for becoming our distributor include Sales experience Ability to meet sales targets Sufficient working capital to operate an authorized store Ability to find suitable store locations and space Track record of payment and credit term Ability to comply with our operational policies and etc. After meeting the above basic requirements, we will review the actual situation of distributors and thoroughly explain to them our requirements of operation capability, environmental policy, employment relationship and social responsibility, to prevent the risks caused by improper management of distributors. In order to provide our distributors with the basic rules to abide by and standardize the supervision of their performance, we have established the Standard Operating Procedures, Terminal Activities Management Regulations and other operational terms and conditions. We require distributors to align with our expectations in terms of retail policies, inventory management, store layout, promotion, customer service and aftersales service standards. At the same time, we have established an incentive and rebate mechanism for distributors. When distributors meet the conditions of sales targets and receivables, we provide them with rebates in different ways to encourage their sustainable development. We hold trade fairs to introduce technology products tobe launched in the future and knowledge related to the products to our distributors and franchisees, and we also communicate with distributors from across the country to adjust marketing strategies and improve business directions, and deliver highquality distributor products and services to our customers. FILA advocating lowcarbon growth and shaping sustainable fashion FILA organized the Carbon Elegant Light Life music camping to promote the concept of Sustainable Fashion to consumers. At the concert, the brand ambassador wore new products from FILA s Global Citizen recycled collection to promote FILA s appeal for environmental protection, calling on the public to protect the oceans and water sources and support to the sustainable development of the Earth.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202224 Responding to Customer Demands We attach high importance to the demand of every customer. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. We have a whole set of procedures for collecting, classifying, answering, replying and tracking complaints consistent with the internal policies of different brands. After receiving a compliant, the Customer Service Department will work on it within one working day, and qualityrelated complaints will be answered within one to three working days. To further improve the quality of our customer services, we have included the handling of customer complaint into the performance appraisal of the relevant staff. We conducted assessment of customer services on the retail end, and have the relevant standards for customer reception and aftersales services. Inspectors sent by the headquarters pay undercover visits to retail stores regularly and analyze the collected data on customer complaints. In the meantime, we continuously conduct training on the competence and service awareness of service personnel, and actively work with various business department to deliver timely aftersales services and make sure that the legitimate demands of consumers are wellsatisfied. FILA conducts weekly and monthly monitoring of product quality, and issues opinion reports to make improvement on products with more complaints and bring down the compliant rate of consumers. During the financial year, FILA gradually improved its services according to consumer demands, and launched the functions of shipping insurance, doortodoor pickup and store pickup in the private domain miniprogram to continuously improve product quality and services. Customer Satisfaction We continuously optimize our products and improve our customer service system to raise customer satisfaction. We also identify customer needs through customer satisfaction surveys. To effectively quantify user satisfaction, we have launched an internal net promoter score questionnaire and consumer survey, which is automatically Key Performance in 2022 100 complaint handling completion rate of the customer service system at our headquarters SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
25 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 triggered after customers shop in brickandmortar stores, FILA miniprogram and FILA Tmall official flagship store. Customers can also voluntarily participate in the survey by scanning the net recommendation score QR code. By analyzing the survey data, we can identify the specific subjects that consumers complain about, such as stores, products or purchasing platforms. We ask the complainee to provide improvement data ona monthly basis, and continuously track the improvement results. Based on the valid feedback received from the net promoter score survey, the overall consumer satisfaction rate of the FILA brand reached over 90 in 2022. Respect Customer's Rights and Interests Responsible Marketing We abide by the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, the ECommerce Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We strictly control the information released through our promotion channels, such as television, print media, web portals, and livestreaming media to ensure the accuracy, legality and authenticity of our publicity information. We oppose unfair competition, abstain from disinforming customers on competitors work product, and prevent or avoid any potential adverse social impact and legal risks to our brands due to inappropriate publicity; we give extra care and protection to children and other disadvantaged groups in the marketing process and strive to practice responsible marketing. We attach great importance to responsible marketing and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. Inaccordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans tobe used in product selling process to make sure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. We regularly launch promotion campaigns and training sessions on responsible marketing targeting the relevant business departments, including all sales staff, to make sure that their marketing behavior conforms to the principles of responsible marketing.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202226 We continue to focus on the impact of sustainability issues on our brands, and we conducted research to understand consumers perceptions of sustainability issues and analyze their impact on our brands and business performance. We continue to track the relevance of our brands to ESG in an effort to create a responsible brand image in the minds of consumers. Information Security and Privacy We attach great importance to information security and customer privacy, strictly abide by the Internet Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. Accordingly, we have built and implemented an information security management system, and formulated a wellrounded information security management policy matrix consisting of 28 information security systems, including the Penalty Rules of the Information Security Regulations and the Rewards and Discipline Policy that are established for the punishment of employees violating information security regulations, aswell as the Validity Measurement Procedures, which provides the standards for the assessment of data and network security. In this financial year, we reviewed 28 information security systems to assess the appropriateness, adequacy and effectiveness of their contents, and updated the Internet Access Management Policy, the Personal Information Protection Management Policy, the Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards, Data Sharing Process and other policies to strengthen the security management of corporate data and personal information. We also obtained ISO 27001 certification for information security management system. At the supervisory level, we established the Personal Information Protection Office to coordinate the management of personal information protection in the Group, and the Sustainability Committee reviews the Group's information security issues and reports to the Board. We conduct internal and external audits of information security annually. During the financial year, we commissioned a qualified external organization to carry out an external audit covering all areas of work related to information security management, and completed a groupwide internal audit in the same year. On the whole, our performance is consistent with the requirements of the information security management system, and no major noncompliance has been found. In addition, we carried out penetration testing of our special application systems and conducted comprehensive security penetration assessment of systems involving user data processing to ensure the safe and stable operation of application systems. Customer Privacy Protection We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, and our official brand stores and other stores are required to follow the Personal Information Protection Management Policy and publicly present the policy to consumers. During the financial year, we received no complaints from regulators or external parties regarding customer privacy violations. Highlights of the privacy policy Channels of information use sales of products, consumer marketing and services; Channels of information protection access control, encryption, sensitive information protection, etc.; Means of information use internal use, handling by commissioned service providers, sharing according to law or contract; Time allowed to keep the information depending on the necessity of information use, as short as possible; Customer's right to decide customers can decide by themselves whether to provide nonessential information, and reserve the right to request the deletion of personal information. Measures for Information Security We have established an Information Security Management Committee anda specialized monitoring and enforcement team. With the support SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION
27 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Personal Information Protection Office handles the incident; Keep record of the incident, including the basic information of the incident, the personal information and number of people involved, the name of the system where the incident occurred, the impact on other interconnected systems, and whether law enforcement agencies or relevant departments have been contacted; Assess the possible impact of the incident and take necessary measures to control the situation and eliminate potential hazards; Report the incident in accordance with the provisions of the Emergency Plan for National Network Security Incidents, including the overall situation of the subject of personal information, possible impact of the incident, measures taken or to be taken for handling the incident, and contact information of the personnel involved in the handling the incident; Organize the notification of the security incident. and guidance of management, we have constructed a security management system and security technology system to ensure information security. Our measures include building an ISO 27001 information security management system, a data leakage prevention system, performing penetration testing, conducting offensive and defensive drills, implementing proactive and passive defense plans, and taking measures such as security monitoring, threat warning, and emergency response for core systems to trace abnormal behavior. In cases of information theft, we enforce punishment according to the established policies and disclose on the social media to serve as a warning. For core data, we have a clear management process for acquisition, transmission, use and storage; For sensitive user data, we protect and encrypt sensitive information, and develop individuallevel privacy information reports; For potential information security risks, we conduct daily checks and make timely corrections on information system vulnerabilities and unauthorized access to personal privacy. We promote information security awareness among all employees. We continuously carry out information security awareness training every year and provide relevant information security courses on the online learning platform of ANTA Academy. During the financial year, we organized special training on data privacy management, including a special course on personal information protection anda security test, and our employees completed a series of compulsory courses on information security in the IT field and training and examination of compulsory courses on employee information security. We also adopted such means as email phishing drills to raise employees information security awareness. Through employee reporting and the involvement of Personal Information Protection Office, we have been able to respond and resolve information security incidents in a timely manner. Employees can make report according to the Information Security Incident Management Policy. The information security department will organize different degrees of investigation, evaluation, processing, reporting, and summarizing based on the level of the incident; and Personal Information Protection Office will arrange for the relevant department to handle the incident according to the emergency response plan.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202228 ESG issues addressed in this chapter Supply chain management Sustainable raw material sourcing In order to build a fair, open and equitable value chain, we are practicing our commitment to responsible procurement, working together with our partners to actively assume environmental and social responsibility through supplier empowerment training and communication, and continue to build an environmentfriendly, healthy, safe and efficient supply chain management system to promote the healthy development of the supply chain and achieve winwin cooperation. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION SDGs addressed in this chapter Health and Safety Hazardous Source Isolation Chemical Safety Infectious Disease Protection Occupational Disease Protection Mutualism with the Environment Energy Conservation Carbon Emission Reduction Recycling Degradation and Regeneration Employment Compliance Respect and Inclusion Fire Safety Compliance Social Welfare Workplace Compliance Waste Reduction Pollution Compliance Sports and Health Management System Compliance Continuous Improvement Innovationdriven Safety Efficiency Healthy Environmental Protection Compliance as the Foundation Culture as the Root To become a worldleading sustainable benchmarking enterprise Profits People Environment
29 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Responsible Supply Chain Management Supply Chain Risk Management To ensure business continuity, we have established a supply chain risk management system and actively cooperated with upstream and downstream partners to enhance supply chain stability, reduce systemic risks in the supply chain, and promote sustainable development of the supply chain. We continue to improve our supply chain risk assessment and early warning mechanism, regularly identify and evaluate the risks of the supply chain, such as the operating environment, materials supply and social impact while continuously observing the development trend of the external environment, to ensure that any risks that may affect our operations are taken into comprehensive and timely considerations. We assess the possible ESG risks based on our risk management system, and in line with the Procurement Contingency Plan of the Group, carefully review and deploy the needed prevention and response plans for various supply chain risks, in an effort to reduce and avoid the impact of supply chain risks on the enterprise. Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Policy and regulatory risks Against the background of the dualcarbon target and related carbon emission and energy consumption control policies, more laws and regulations on emission restriction and compulsory electricity conservation may be introduced in the future, and our supply chain may face the risks of lower output and higher electricity tariff, which could reduce our production efficiency and output and drive up operating costs. Promote equipment upgrade and technical improvement of the supply chain to reduce the use of energyintensive equipment and improve the efficiency of energy use; Promote the use of clean and renewable energies, and improve the energy use structure of the supply chain. Extreme weather risks Given the impact of extreme weather such as typhoon, rainstorm and high temperature, we may face the risk of supply chain disruptions such as water and power outages for suppliers, damage to suppliers equipment or stored materials, and obstruction of logistics and transportation channels, which could affect our and suppliers production capacity and incoming material costs, and drive up operating costs and production costs. Establish a sound emergency management system for climate risks in the supply chain, pay close attention to weather warnings, keep track of the development of weather conditions and the status of personnel and production, and assist suppliers in formulating special contingency plans and making advance preparations for disaster prevention materials and equipment.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202230 Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Market risks Given the impact of climate and environmental changes, energy transformation and other factors, we may face the risks of rising energy and raw material prices, damage to the planting environment of raw materials (e. g. cotton, rubber), and material shortage of some suppliers, which could lead to disruptions in production operations and drive up production costs. Stay informed of market information and policy change; Actively search for alternative energy and raw materials, reserve potential qualified suppliers for key and major materials, and increase the stock of key suppliers; Regularly audit the supply risk of suppliers. Economic and social environment risk Given the impact of social and public events such as recurring pandemics, we may be exposed to risks such as the health and safety problems of suppliers employees and supply chain shutdown, which could result in production and operation interruptions. External risks including geopolitics or relevant restrictions or measures may also affect supply chain stability. Assist and guide suppliers in taking measures against the pandemic and resuming production, and promote supplier empowerment to enhance their overall capability; Perform well on supplier sourcing and develop a reserve supplier database; Stay informed of market information and policy change; Pay attention to capacity allocation strategy and coordinate the capacity of different brands categories to ensure maximum utilization of production capacity. Supply responsibility risks Given the impact of delayed delivery caused by insufficient capacity of suppliers, obstructed logistics and other factors or major incidents of mass recall of substandard products, we may face the risk of supply chain disruption and reputation damage. Establish a multitiered supplier system and contingency supply plan; Require suppliers to develop production cycle schedules for different products and make timely report of any information that may affect the progress of production; Conduct regular quality audits and provide guidance on process improvement and quality inspection for suppliers in need. Social responsibility risks As the social issues concerning the supply chain, such as labor rights, health and safety, and business integrity, capture growing attention from all parties, we may face risks involving suppliers responsibilities such as labor disputes, employee injuries and deaths, illegal emissions, and bribery, which could lead to shutdown of the supply chain and damage to our reputation. Conduct regular audits of suppliers social responsibility risks and keep monitoring during the admittance and annual reviews with reference to the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook to strictly control ESG management risks; Ask suppliers to conduct regular inspections on the safety hazards of factories, assess the environmental impact of their operations, and protect employees human rights, as provided in the risk earlywarning mechanism of the strategic operation department, to ensure the operational compliance of suppliers. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION
31 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Other supply risks We and our partners may face uncertainties such as financial deterioration or financial loss in the supply chain due to potential risks involving suppliers, such as financial problems and shareholder disputes, which could affect business transactions between enterprises and aggravate financial risks. Conduct supplier review at the admittance stage to make sure that only qualified suppliers are included, and continuously monitor and give warning to abnormal indicators at the audit stage; Activate emergency management process in time under abnormal conditions, conduct loss inventory and impact assessment, and ensure rapid delivery by promoting capacity regeneration and transfer, or developing new suppliers; Thoroughly investigate the cause of the incident, seek accountability of the personnel involved in the incident, and formulate a preventive mechanism to avoid the recurrence of similar problems. Supplier Lifecycle Management For the purpose of promoting the sustainability management of suppliers, and create an environmentally and socially responsible supply chain, we have developed a series of management policies and procedures, including the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel Suppliers and the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers, and introduced lifecycle management covering the whole process of admittance, audit, correction and exit of all suppliers, in an effort to promote standardized supplier control and improve the efficiency of supplier management. We developed the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers and the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook to systematize and standardize the social responsibility management of all suppliers and their subcontractors, with a view to reducing the environmental and social risks in the supply chain and improving the sustainability practices and performance of our supply chain partners. The work of supplier management is led by the Sustainability Committee and jointly promoted by the Sustainability Department, Footwear Apparel Procurement Department and all related departments. Admittance Screening We conduct standardized admittance review of suppliers in three stages, that are, information collection, preliminary information review and onsite review, to effectively control and reduce the potential supply, quality, service, efficiency and financial risks in the supply chain at their source, consider ESG factors, such as health and safety system, environmental protection, and labor management, along with price and quality during screening, to ensure that the quality of products and services provided by suppliers, and their social responsible management performance meet our sustainability requirements.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202232 CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION Key Performance in 2022 Tier 1 suppliers Tier 2 suppliers Tier 3 suppliers Suppliers that directly provide finished products (such as garments, finished shoes, finished accessories, etc.)Registered suppliers, providing materials, components and processes, including fabric, down, lining, leather, soles, auxiliary materials, molds, etc., for Tier 1 suppliers Registered suppliers, providing materials and processes, including zippers, webbing, tapes, yarns, sole accessories, air cushions, etc., for Tier 2 suppliers Collecting supplier information We collect detailed information of our suppliers through the Supplier Basic Information Form, including company profile, basic information of the workforce and employee rights, professional qualifications or service capabilities, and relevant operational experience. Preliminary review of supplier information We conduct preliminary screening of potential suppliers based on their basic information. If zerotolerance breaches or seriously dishonest behaviors such as use of child labor, forced labor and commercial bribery are detected during the review, the admittance process will be terminated immediately. Onsite supplier review We make onsite inspections and professional assessments of suppliers business premises and practices to check the authenticity of supplier information, formally establish cooperative relationships with qualified suppliers and include the social responsibility performance standards for suppliers into the attachments of the contract to strengthen the standardized requirements for suppliers. Tiered Management In the daytoday management of suppliers, we have adopted a categorized management to improve the management efficiency of contracted suppliers. Suppliers are classified into tier 1 suppliers, tier 2 suppliers and tier 3 suppliers according to their material categories aswell as service relations and other general factors. Number of suppliers of ANTA and FILA (including footwear, apparel and accessories) Chinese suppliers 503, overseas suppliers 21
33 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Appraisal and Audit We have designed theMIS and adopted a doubleaxis audit method to assess suppliers quality, delivery, cost, and other current order execution capabilities, aswell as their mediumand longterm development capabilities such as development and innovation, environmental management, and social responsibility. We audit suppliers performance and longterm development capabilities through various means, including supplier selfassessment, internal audit and audit by thirdparty organizations. In addition to social responsibility audit for all suppliers in the admittance process, we also conduct annually social responsibility management audits for suppliers according to the ANTA Group Code of Conduct for Suppliers and the Supplier Sustainability Scope of Audit on Social Responsibility Management of Supply Chain Labor Rights Health and Safety Environment and Social Responsibility Sustainability Management System Prohibition of child labor and forced labor Prohibition of harassment and abuse Antidiscrimination Humane treatment Right to freedom of association Compliance of employment relations Compliance of working hours Paid overtime Remuneration and benefits Minimum wage standard Occupational safety Equipment safety maintenance Workplace safety Chemical safety management Contingency planning Occupational disease prevention Incident management Public health, food and accommodation Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Pollution prevention and treatment Emissions management Anticorruption Anticompetitive behaviors Sustainable sourcing policy Establishment of the sustainability management system Establishment of the Sustainability Committee Management Handbook. During the financial year, we conducted social responsibility management audits for critical suppliers (including ANTA and FILA) which form more than 50 by cost of our procurement, and continuously track and control the rectification of various risks in order to enhance the environmental, social and governance performance of suppliers. Our suppliers are divided into five levels, from the best performing ones to the least performing ones, based on their audit results excellent, outstanding, good, improvement needed, and red line. Inaccordance with the Apparel Supplier MISPerformance Appraisal Management Mechanism, we provide corresponding incentives for suppliers at different levels to encourage further improvement and motivate their initiative to fulfill contracts. We take social responsibility management performance as a factor during extending contacts; for suppliers with audit results of good or above, we will consider giving priority to renewing cooperation with them after the end of the contract period; for suppliers with assessment results of improvement needed, we will make clear the requirements for rectification, provide training to them, and assist them in optimizing their own management. We also follow up the rectification of suppliers through corrective action plans, and continue cooperation if the suppliers reach compliance. In addition, for suppliers that have triggered major violations such as zerotolerance and failed to rectify the situation in a timely manner or still failed to meet the requirements after improvement, the supplier will be disqualified after the approval process and will be denied the opportunity of cooperation for two years.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202234 CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION Supplier Communication and Training We always believe that a strong relationship with suppliers is based on friendly communication between the two parties. We provide communication and compliant channels for suppliers and their employees, make continuous improvements in the process of supply chain management based on the feedback of suppliers and their employees, boost the sense of belonging and satisfaction of suppliers and their employees, and pursue mutual growth with our supplier partners through targeted empowerment training. We respect suppliers opinions and suggestions, and through various channels and methods such as visits, online communication, offline seminar, audit interview, website, and We Chat group, we strive to create a harmonious, regular, and transparent communication environment, establish a sound communication mechanism with suppliers, explore the direction for optimizing supply chain management, and jointly build a more stable and sustainable supply chain. At the same time, we attach great importance to the lawful rights and interests of our suppliers and employees, and believe that a sound working atmosphere is the cornerstone of a harmonious and stable supply chain. Suppliers and their employees can report any violations of the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers or any potential violations of human rights or environmental hazards through the ANTA CSR mailbox or employee care hotline. We take necessary measures to protect the privacy of suppliers employees who report in good faith, strictly prohibit any threatening, intimidating, coercive and other retaliatory acts against the complainants, and promptly intervene in the accepted case and communicate with the suppliers to conduct investigation. We take targeted measures to improve our performance and resolve the reasonable and legitimate demands of the complainants, protect their rights and interest, and step up to our responsibility in the supply chain. We proactively share our industry knowledge and best practices with suppliers in order to improve their overall performance. To improve suppliers Key Performance in 2022 During the financial year, we conducted social responsibility audits over 70 tier 1 suppliers, over 35 tier 2 suppliers and over 3 tier 3 suppliers, covering environmental and social metrics including labor management, health and safety, labor right, green production, etc. We did not find any material violations during audits. Among them, over 50 suppliers received thirdparty audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs. According to the audit results, some suppliers had violations related with chemical safety, firesafety, overtime hours, overtime pay and other issues. Based on the results, we provided improvement guidance and assisted the suppliers in making improvement plans on fire prevention, protection of labor rights and other items, required them to complete the rectification on time, and tracked the progress of rectification through corrective action plans. Supplier fire safety assessment and improvement During the financial year, we conducted afire safety assessment for our suppliers and found a number of key risks in some factories such as threeinone dormitories with chemical storage, cable shacks connected to many inactive cable lines, and lack of automatic fire extinguishing systems. We have offered suggestions for improvement for each point of risk keeping liquid chemicals in a hazardous chemical warehouse away from the dormitory; using tubes to connect the cable shacks with the cable lines; installing more dry powder fire extinguishers, spraying equipment and automatic alarm systems. Our auditors will continue to follow upon the corrective measures to ensure that the risks are properly addressed and improve protection for the health and safety of the workforce.
35 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 compliance and help them understand our quality and social responsibility standards, we have developed a training and awareness program and hold regular training sessions and seminars for suppliers on topics such as quality verification, preproduction risk verification, integrity and selfdiscipline, labor management and rights, data and information collection, etc., to further Key Performance in 2022 Number of external certifications received by our suppliers ISO 9001 certification standard on quality assurance 257 ISO 14001 international certification standard on environmental management 184 ISO 45001 certification standard on occupational health and safety management systems 111 Bluesign certification 38 enhance suppliers understanding of product and service quality, social responsibility code of conduct and other requirements, and continuously empower suppliers to improve their management capabilities in various aspects. In addition, we collaborated with peers and nongovernmental organizations on supplier empowerment to explore, mitigate, and address potential risks in the supply chain, in an effort to reduce the operating costs for suppliers and ourselves, and enhance the overall competitiveness of the supply chain. In our collaboration with WWF on sustainable development and supply chain transformation in the textile industry, we have encouraged 15 fabric and five mesh suppliers to actively engage in energy conservation and emission reduction, and introduced the FAIS water efficiency system to optimize the management of water resources, in an effort to reduce the negative impact of the supply chain on the ecological environment and promote the green development and transformation of the supply chain in the textile industry. We also support suppliers to obtain certification in environmental management, health and safety, and product quality to jointly build a sustainable supply chain. Multiple training sessions empowered suppliers to improve ESG performance During the financial year, we organized 14 training sessions and seminars, empowering over 200 suppliers. The training sessions on ESGrelated topics included the following Launch of ESG session on supply chain, boosting suppliers awareness and understanding of basic ESG concepts and our medium and longterm ESG development goals; Seminar on best ESG practices in the supply chain, providing case studies and references to improve suppliers ESG management practices; Introduction of environmental data collection, ensuring standardized supplier data collection and improving the environmental data management capability of the whole supply chain; Three training sessions on social responsibility compliance for footwear, apparel and accessories suppliers, helping suppliers familiarize themselves with the mechanism for project audit and building stronger awareness of compliance management.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202236 CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION Sustainable Sourcing of Raw Materials Responsible Sourcing Following the country's policy direction of green development, we are actively fulfilling our responsibility of environmental protection, exploring green materials in the value chain, and gradually increasing the sourcing of sustainable raw materials, in order to reduce the environmental impact of our products throughout their life cycle, and move toward the strategic goal of using sustainable raw materials for the manufacturing of 50 of our products by 2030. We are committed to promoting a green supply chain and prioritizing the use of raw materials, products and services that are resource and environmentfriendly, safe and healthy. Cotton, leather and other materials and their finished products are widely used in our apparel and footwear products, but the cultivation and production of these materials have both environmental and social impacts cotton cultivation and processing not only requires large amounts of water, but the use of pesticides and chemical fertilizers may also cause deterioration of soil and water quality in the surrounding environment; the leather production process generates a large amount of heavy metals, organic solvents and waste gases, and other hazardous wastes. Their leakage or improper disposal will increase the environmental burden and health threat to the society. Therefore, in order to reduce the potential environmental and social impacts of plantation and production, we commit to increase the sourcing of responsible leather and cotton materials, and prioritize the selection of suppliers certified by the Leather Working Group, the Global Organic Textile Standard and other relevant international standards. We set target on continuously increasing the procurement and use of sustainable and traceable cotton and leather materials, and continue to encourage suppliers to obtain relevant certifications so as to keep our production process in line with environmental, health and safety standards.
37 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Key Performance in 2022 LWG Gold certified leather materials are used in 100 of ANTA'sand FILA s footwear leather products, and all of them can be traced to their place of origin. Organizing training on sustainable leather production process to improve the environmental performance of leather material production In September, we launched training on environmental protection and water conservation for all leather suppliers, encouraging them to minimize the use of fresh water in the leather tanning process, eliminate the discharge of untreated sewage sludge, and actively carry out water reuse and other maximized emission reduction actions. We also require all leather suppliers to set water conservation and reduction targets according to the actual situation of their enterprises. In November, we conducted training for all leather suppliers on material chemical safety and the technical requirements for chemical safety, explained the hazard and control methods of key chemical substances in the leather tanning process, and enhanced suppliers awareness of chemicalsrelated regulation by presenting external cases of chemical risks, conducting internal inspections on chemicalsrelated violations, introducing measures for dealing with noncompliant products and adopting plans for prevention and improvement. In order to convey our abiding commitment of green development to suppliers, we launch training program and regularly conduct training and advocacy sessions on responsible supply chain, and explain our requirements of green supply chain management to our suppliers. With training sessions covering topics including responsible land management, water reduction, and chemical and production of responsible leather and cotton, we aim to further raise suppliers awareness of social responsibility management and work with them to create a green future together. Raw Material Traceability In order to ensure the safety and reliability of our products, we will gradually improve the traceability procedures from raw materials to final products, and continuously increase the proportion of products whose materials can be traced back to their places of origin, so as to ensure compliance with production standards and responsible management requirements throughout the process, and fulfill our commitment of providing customers with safe, healthy and highquality products. In addition, in order to ensure effective and reliable traceability of raw materials, we have customized the scope of traceability and assessment standards according to the special features of different products and materials, and formulated targeted action plans on traceability, including traceability of recyclable yarns using the trace element method. We also continuously improve the raw material traceability platform, and strengthen information sharing in order to gradually move toward digitized raw material traceability. Growing Together with Partners We work together with our core retail channel partners to build retail channels, highquality products and digital operation management model by empowering digital upgrade. We process information on multibrand products, supply chain, retail channels and customer demand, and conduct sourcing, production and sales and other businesses to fully enhance market efficiency and promote brand upgrade at the retail end. In addition, we provide digital training and seminars for our staff, distributors and store employees to promote the understanding and application of digital transformation and related tools, and bolster highquality business development.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202238 Employment Management Employment Compliance We strictly abide by the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor, and other laws and regulations on labor and employment. We have developed internal management policies, such as the Social Recruitment Management System of ANTA Group, the Campus Recruitment Management Regulations, and the Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy, to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. We sign labor contracts with our employees and strengthen the management of employment compliance, all in an effort to protect employees labor right as well as other fundamental rights and interests, resulting in fair and compliant employment, aswell as sound and stable employment relationship with our employees. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT SDGs goals addressed in this chapter Key Performance in 2022 During the financial year, we did not have any major violations of labor and employment laws and regulations. As of 31 December 2022, We had 59, 000 employees 1, with male and female employees accounting for 24. 9 and 75. 1 respectively of the total, and female executives (director level and above) accounted for 36. 1 of total executives. 1 Excluding other types of workers, such as temporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businessesESG issues addressed in this chapter Human rights and labor rights Staff development and training Staff welfare Health and safety Diversity and inclusion Employees are the cornerstone of the enterprise's longterm development. We regard talent as the most valuable aspect of our core competitiveness, respect the fundamental rights and interests of our employees, and strive to create an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe working environment. We stand committed to building a training system for diversified talent development, attach importance to employee growth, and we strive to create a better future with them.
39 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Talent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. We continuously improve the recruitment management system, standardize the recruitment processes, make annual recruitment plans for university graduates and key positions based Percentage of Employees by Gender in 2022 Female Male 24. 9 75. 1 Percentage of Employees by Rank in 2022 President level Director level Manager level Production staff Officers and others 1. 3 18. 7 73. 4 0. 1 6. 5 Percentage of Employees by Age Group in 2022 Percentage of Employees by Geographical Region in 2022 Mainland China 0. 7 99. 3 on our business demand, and attract industry elites through multiple channels, such as campus recruitment, community recruitment, executive search firms, and employee referrals. In the meantime, we conduct human resources analysis according to our corporate strategies and characteristics of various job vacancies to identify the talents needed, put the right person in the right job, and achieve efficient and precise talent recruitment. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. 16 24 25 40 41 and above 13. 6 12. 4 74. 0 Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and overseas regions
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202240 Respecting Employee Rights Respecting Human Rights As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we abide by all internationally recognized human DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT During the financial year, we received the following best employer awards Award name Award institution China's Most Attractive Employers Top 3 (Fashion, accessories and luxury goods) Universum China's Most Attractive Employers Top 100 (By business commerce students) Best ESG Employer 2022 Aon China 2021 China Best Employer Zhaopin Applying People Analytics to Achieve Effective Workforce Planning We introduced thirdparty assessment tools in the evaluation of our future talents, conducted personality tests on our employees and assessed the comprehensive quality of our management personnel, in an effort to build a customized talent management system. We gathered information about the reasoning ability, management ability, professional personality, and organization loyalty of the personnel under evaluation, and applied the test results to different scenarios such as recruitment and hiring, executive reserve, employee performance management and strategic workforce planning. Recruitment and selection We conducted personality assessment on candidates to identify the characteristic, skills, strengths and weaknesses of potential talents; Executive reserve We conducted comprehensive caliber assessment for middle and seniorlevel management personnel to analyze their ability and willingness, and make timely adjustment in their positions; Employee performance management We analyzed all employees personal abilities and training status, introduced a personal caliber assessment scale, provided employees with feedback and development suggestions based on the assessment results, and urged them to seek selfimprovement; Strategic workforce planning We applied the results of human resources analysis to the formulation of strategic workforce planning, to identify key positions and talent gaps, and push for the upgrade of the talent management system. rights policies outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of the United Nations and the International Bill of Human Rights, and formulate internal policies abide by the core conventions of the International Labor Organization and the United Nations Global Compact in the area of labor management. According to our policies, we fulfill our responsibilities in the areas of human rights and labor standards, fully protect the lawful rights and interests of employees, and respect the basic rights of our employees, such as freedom of association, collective agreements, minimum wages, and maximum working hours. We promise not to engage in any acts that disregard or trample on human
41 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 rights, and we prohibit child labor and forced labor, oppose discrimination, and oppose human trafficking. Prohibition of Child Labor and Forced Labor We prohibit child labor or any form of forced labor in any of our operations, and introduce an Identity card verification system combined with manual verification at the time of recruitment and entry to ensure that employees meet the minimum working age requirements set by law. In the event that child labor are recruited by mistake, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. We see child labor and forced labor as a zerotolerance item in our suppliers initial screening and review process. Incase of any violation, we will immediately terminate the cooperation process. Collective Agreements and Freedom of Association We are committed to protecting the rights of all employees to collective agreements and freedom of association, and properly managing labor relations. According to The Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China, we have established the trade union and all employees can join the trade union and express their views through the trade union. Currently, we have over 3, 000 employees joining the trade union. Diversity and Inclusion We attach great importance to the diversity of our employees, and advocate a corporate culture of respect, inclusiveness, diversity and openness. As the Employee Handbook explains, there must beno discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion or development of employees based on gender, age, nationality, religious belief, complexion, race, ethnic group, sexual orientation, political affiliation, family background and health or other social identity. We continue to promote gender equality and equal pay for our employees, and increase the percentage of women in senior management. We do not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace, and have a clear mechanism for punishing and redressing acts of discrimination and harassment in our Rewards and Discipline Policy. These efforts protect employees against discrimination and harassment, including physical, verbal, sexual or psychological harassment, abuse or threats. We offer employee training programs such as Healthy Workplace Say No to Sexual Harassment in the Workplace to help employees learn about the protections provided by the Company and raise their awareness of selfprevention. Key Performance in 2022 We had no illegal employment incidents, or no child labor or forced labor, and received no complaints about human rights issues.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202242 To assist foreign employees in adapting to life and work in China, we have introduced a bonus incentive mechanism to encourage them to learn Chinese, and arrange for them to take part in the standardized national Chinese proficiency test. During the Women s Day Special Activities, Salute to the Shepower On Women s Day, all our departments actively launched themed activities to create a harmonious and pleasant working atmosphere for female employees and pay tribute to all the hardworking women in various positions. We picked nearly 100 female model workers from all business departments and publicly promoted their exemplary work as away to recognize women s achievements in the workplace and shape a culture of love and respect for work. The Group's production departments also publicized the exemplary performance of female employees in each product line. They used their shepower to lead their teams through difficulties, or blend their personal growth with career development, achieving mutualism with the production department in their own professional fields. In addition, we also held Women s Day activities in various departments, sending women employees beautiful gifts and offering flower arranging, manicure and handicraft courses to make life more colorful for them in their spare time. ANTA Forum and other activities, we also provide simultaneous interpretation for our foreign employees, so that they can better understand the content of our activities and fully integrate into the ANTA family. Key Performance in 2022 During the financial year, we received no complaints about discrimination or harassment in our workplace. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT
43 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Employee Communication We value the opinions of our employees, actively listen to their voices, and provide open feedback channel for them. We encourage employees to actively make suggestions and report complaints in real names or anonymously. Employees can contact the relevant departments through online and offline channels such as suggestion box, cloud platform, mailbox, hotline, and the official We Chat account of ANTA Integrity. After receiving feedback or complaints from employees, the department concerned will send emails to the business unit for investigation and followup, so as to effectively respond to and help employees solve their problems. For example, in the process of personal performance appraisal, if an employee disagrees with the appraisal result, he she can submit the Personal Performance Complaint Form within two days after receiving the result. Upon receipt of the form, the relevant management staff of the Group will immediately conduct an investigation, and adjust the result of performance if appropriate based on the conclusion of the investigation. In addition to the regular feedback channels, we have also established special communication platforms such as interview with senior executive, ANTA Forum, ANTA Youth We Chat public account, message board on the corporate culture website, and the Youth Observation section of ANTA Youth, to bring executives closer to employees and better listen to the voices of young employees. We commission a third party to conduct an employee engagement survey annually using the Kincentric model to understand employees opinions and satisfaction in various aspects, such as remuneration and benefits, promotion and development, and management system. We track the engagement performance over each year, analyze its drives, propose optimization plans based on the survey results and coordinate the implementation by each department, in order to protect employees rights and interests, and continuously improve employees satisfaction and sense of belonging. During the financial year, we proposed a strategic vision of improving employee engagement and set annual targets. Based on the results of the 2021 survey, we identified three areas for improvements, namely organizational support, recognition and motivation, and staffing and allocation. We proposed various improvement measures, such as offering salary adjustment incentives to employees with good performance, strengthening the echelon of our workforce, and rationalizing staff allocation, in order to relieve employees work pressure and create a positive and motivating organizational atmosphere. During the financial year, over 10, 000 employees participated in the survey and the overall employee engagement score was 80, up by 7 percentage point compared to 2021. Employee Remuneration and Benefits Employee Remuneration Management We are committed to providing fair, reasonable and marketcompetitive remuneration and benefits, giving full play to the motivating effect of the remuneration and performance appraisal system on talents, and continuously attracting and retaining highcaliber both within and outside the Company. We have established a Remuneration Policy applicable to all employees, and commit to provide salaries, including wages, subsidies, performancebased bonuses and benefits, above the national minimum wage standard. Every year, we make appropriate adjustment to the salary and benefits we provide to our employees inaccordance with the salary level in the market and our business performance. We continuously implement our scientific and effective performance appraisal model. Based on the characteristics of each position and our business development, we implemented a monthly and semiannual performance review mechanism, and linked strong performancebased incentive pay to employees evaluation results, inaccordance with management policies such as the Management Policy for Individual Performance, Management Policy for the Individual Performance of Group Production Employees below the Key Performance in 2022 We commissioned a third party to conduct employee engagement and satisfaction survey with the overall score as 80, up by 7 percentage point compared to 2021.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202244 Manager Level, Management Policy for Excess I incentive, Management Policy for Ecommerce Platform Staff, covering all employees at different levels. In addition, we grant stock awards to our employees to recognize their contributions to us, and retain highcaliber talents to support our highquality development. Employee Welfare Management In accordance with national and regional laws and regulations, we have formulated the Welfare Management Policy and other regulations, and established a comprehensive welfare protection system. In addition, we have actively introduced broad range of nonstatutory benefits and expanded the coverage of benefits to all employees to continuously improve employees welfare. We care for employees in need and their families, and actively provide a wide variety of activities to enrich employees life in their spare time, and create a corporate atmosphere of shared values and responsibilities. Statutory benefits Leave entitlement statutory holidays, weekends, sick leave, work related injury leave, personal leave, marriage leave, bereavement leave, annual leave, leave in lieu Social insurance basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, workrelated injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund Health protection Medical protection medical care plan, including special health check for workers on special jobs, and supplemental medical insurance Psychological counseling psychological counseling hotline, psychological counseling appointment Health knowledge promotion bulletin boards, brochures, health knowledge contest, etc. Workplace facilities gymnasium Maternal and child care Medical protection additional breast ultrasound, digestive and two cancer examinations, urinary ultrasound, etc. for most female employees Leave entitlement All employees can apply for maternity leave, and female employees are entitled to breastfeeding leave Workplace facilities The motherandbaby room is equipped with a baby care table, crib, refrigerator and sterilizer; the staff dormitory is equipped with rooms for pregnant women and rooms for visiting relatives Health knowledge promotion online communication platform for maternal and child health services, female health seminars Employee support Charity subsidy Hemin Health Assistance program helps employees whose families face special financial difficulties due to major diseases or unavoidable disasters Academic support Hemin Student Sponsorship program provides support for employees whose children have been admitted to colleges and universities but face financial difficulties at home Care for employees with disability We have setup some special positions for people with disability, and arranged work stations according to employees physical conditions. For example, employees with hearing and auditory disabilities work in the same area, and employees with mobility difficulties are put in convenient positions on the first floorDIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT
45 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Housing support Supplementary housing All employees can apply for welfare housing and staff dormitories, and married employees can apply for family suites Housing subsidies The Sweet Home Plan provides mortgage assistance and assistance in housing subsidy application for employees Other benefits Holiday benefits employee holiday benefits; special events on the Spring Festival, Women s Day, Mid Autumn Festival, and other holidays Additional subsidies service subsidy, meal subsidy, kilometer subsidy Antiepidemic protection gift packs, supplies, textmessage wishes From Isolation to Work, We Protect Shanghai Employees with Our Heart During the financial year, we continued to provide care for our employees in need, helping them navigate through the challenge of pandemic. From isolation to work, we faced up to the difficulties and provided allround protection for our employees. At the height of the pandemic in Shanghai, when material supplies were seriously disrupted, we launched a special welfare campaign to show our care for employees, giving out more than 2, 000 gift packs of vegetables and other supplies to employees in 14 districts in Shanghai, and distributed supplies to employees relatives who were in need of assistance in Shanghai. After the pandemic situation stabilized in the city, we prepared a nice gift for each and every employee who returned to work, and organized a Good to See You group activity to send the best wishes from all of our employees to our colleagues in Shanghai.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202246 Employee Development and Training Training System To ensure the longterm development of the enterprise, we have invested substantial resources to build an employee training system, and continue to build a talent pool that can adapt to our business development needs. We have formulated the Training Operation Management Policy, ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy, Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, and other training policies, to clarify the training operation process and lecturers responsibilities and form a wellrounded internal talent training system. Based on the characteristics of the positions and business needs, we have setup special skills training and academic and leadership improvement programs to strengthen the business foundation of our employees. In line with the trend of sustainable development, we have also launched various training programs related to ESG issues to broaden the knowledge spectrum of our employees. To enhance the quality of training, we actively collect feedback from employees on training programs through feedback channels such as satisfaction surveys, pretraining questionnaires and training and learning feedback forms, and make timely adjustment to the training content. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT Key Performance in 2022 (Excluding Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd) ANTA Academy cooperated with various departments to develop talent development programs, covering over 90 of employees Average training hours per employee exceeded 29 hours per year Total investment in employee training exceeded RMB 20 million Specialized skills training By sorting out the workflow of key positions, required professional competencies and characteristics of the positions, we divide the courses into three main categories, namely leadership, professionalism and general competence, to help employees understand the our rules and policies and corporate culture, and build their team management and project management skills. We also work with higher education institutions and introduce their highquality courses to enhance the professional competencies of employees for specific positions. Name of schoolenterprise cooperation training program Program description Tsinghua Academy of Arts & Design Master's Forum With a focus on the theme of Blending Art with Science, the program provided cuttingedge art insight for more than 3, 000 participants in design and planningrelated positions of the Company. Donghua University x ANTA Micro Forum on Material Science Innovation The program focused on the research of innovative sportswear products and the development of employees innovative management skills, targeting at positions related to materials, process, technology, quality, products and design, and around 700 employees took part in online learning under the program.
47 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Improvement in degree program We provide continuing education resources for our employees, encouraging all employees (including parttime and contractors) to pursue the improvement in degree program. For managementlevel employees, we encourage them to pursue MBA Name of program Target group Purpose of training Content of training TOP 150 Programme Senior management We setup committees for different types of TOP 150 talents in order to select, assess, train, and cultivate the global vision, strategic planning and diversified management capabilities of employees. Improvement in degree Participation in industry forum Visit to outstanding peer companies Job rotation Champion Class Programme Backbone employee at intermediate level We set up an Interview Committee to select the participants of the program, focusing internally on young and talented employees with strong overall ability, and externally recruiting outstanding talents graduated from top business schools in China and abroad. The Chairman will personally serve as the class instructor to cultivate the underlying business logic and general management skills of the selected employees. Lecture, action learning, online learning, book sharing, business assessment, etc. Regular meeting opportunities with the Chairman Olympic Star Programme Outstanding young employees We select employees with managerial potential from all the new recruits through a horserace mechanism, and have them personally coached by senior management. Those with outstanding performance in the biannual assessment will be specially promoted to build up their loyalty to us. Pressure training Leadership development Complex project management Virtual team managementEMBA programs. For the supply chain, we have setup college and bachelor's degree upgrade programs and encourage employees in need to sign up. For the production department, we have launched Binary Education Upgrade classes with junior colleges such as Liming Vocational University and Quanzhou Huaguang College, anda total of 120 employees have successfully graduated from these classes. In a ddition, we have launched an education upgrade program with Huaqiao University, covering fine arts, visual communication design and product design, with a cumulative enrollment of approximately 17 employees.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202248 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT Leadership Development Program We have a comprehensive succession planning and leadership development program and a wellstructured training system for building a competent workforce, covering all employees. We have designed a talent development plan for key positions at three different levels, including the profiling of talents, selection of future talents, and criteria for biannual evaluation. In order to build the leadership skills of employees, we analyzed the leadership behavior data of nearly 2, 000 employees over the past two years, and, with reference to the results of employee engagement survey and interviews with senior management, identified the areas of their improvements, and designed a leadership program named Team Leader Squad. Based on the results of 360 degree behavioral assessment of the trainees, the program identifies the trainees weaknesses, organizes learning and training through skills coaching, 1 on 1 external coaching, coaching practice, employee dialogue on career development and other means, and ultimately helps the trainees improve their ability asteam leaders. The leadership program Team Leader Squad was selected into the 2021 Branded Learning Programs Development project of the Training, and won the Learning Program Award at the Bund Human Resources Summit during the financial year. ESG Training We attach high importance to the learning of ESG knowledge and conceptual development, and organize employees to study the annual ESG report to help them understand the ESG initiatives. We have included a number of ESGrelated courses in our employee training system, including the Compulsory Course on Anti Corruption Audit, Compulsory Course on Information Security, Innovation and Sustainable Development, Green Action Guide and Special Course on Personal Information Protection, covering ESG issues such as business ethics, information security, sustainable development and green office. Promotion Mechanisms To promote the identification, appointment and development of talents, we provide multidimensional career development channels for employees in offices, retail channels and factories inaccordance with our internal promotion policies, such as the Policy on Promotion Management and the Policy on the Ranking Adjustment of the Group's Retail Staff and Store Managers. We are committed to establishing a more streamlined, effective and flexible promotion mechanism. We provide equal promotion opportunities to all qualified employees based on their work performance, training results, and appreciation of our corporate culture. The conditions for promotion are unified and open, and the promotion results are made public to all employees. Moreover, for outstanding employees with high potential and those who have made outstanding contributions to us, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log onto our internal Employee Career Development Platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through open competition for job vacancies within the Group. Occupational Health and Safety Production Safety Management System We make sure that our business operations comply with all regulatory requirements, and strictly abide by the Law of Prevention and Control of Occupational Disease of the People's Republic of China, the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Work Related Injury Insurance, and other national laws and regulations. Inaccordance with the Environmental management systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 24001-
49 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Key Performance in 2022 ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. has passed the GB T 450012020 ISO 40051 2018 Occupational Health and Safety Certification and the Certification of Level 3 Enterprise of Production Safety Standardization. 2016) and the Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 450012020), we have formulated a number of regulations, including the Manual on the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety, the Occupational Health and Safety Regulations, the Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety, and we are committed to continuously refine our occupational and health security management system. Our occupational health and safety management is oversight by a designated executive, and management representatives report regularly on performance and improvement needs. Our employee representatives are responsible for collecting and reflecting the views of employees on occupational health and safety matters and participate in the discussion of major occupational health and safety issues. The Group's administrative department leads the daytoday management, defining the process of the occupational health management system and assigning functions to each line, and setting up an occupational safety leadership team at each site to hold regular internal discussions on
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202250 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT occupational health and safety issues. We have seta safety target of zero casualties, and employee injuries, including mechanical injuries, accidents in teambuilding activities, and accidental injuries, are all linked to the performance of management staff of the department. In the case of workrelated injuries that fall within their scope of responsibilities, the relevant management staff must immediately deal with the accidents, and his her performance appraisal points will also be deducted according to the rules. Safety Prevention and Control In order to build a safe workplace, we strengthen hazard prevention and control, monitor the inducing factors of occupational disease, and submit reporting on the occupational hazards in the workplace on an annual basis. We hire a third party every year to perform occupational health inspection in the production area and conduct specialized technical inspection on dust, noise and other factors. We arrange daily checks and night inspections, organize monthly inspections on the fire protection system, and regularly maintain production facilities and the use of equipment by our employees. We have also introduced automated technology equipment and put in place a fullfledged, frontloaded safety accident prevention system. Safety Precautions We provide employees indifferent positions with corresponding labor protective products and firstaid equipment, conduct daily supervision and correction of employees use of labor protective products, and optimize
51 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 the work environment for our employees by upgrading exhaust equipment or air collection devices, installing heat protection equipment, and replacing oilbased glue with environmentfriendly, waterbased glue. In the vicinity of workplaces, work stations or equipment prone to occupational disease hazards, we set up warning signs and hazard notification cards with reference to the Warning Signs for Occupational Hazards in the Workplace and the Management Regulations for the Occupational Disease Hazard Notification and Warning Sign of Employers to remind employees to operate with caution. Safety Emergency Drills Every year, we formulate an emergency drill plan and organize a variety of safety emergency drills. For fire safety, we regularly conduct largescale firesafety drills every year to enhance employees escape and response capability; for pandemic response, we monitor policy changes in a timely manner, prepare antiepidemic supplies in advance, and make emergency plans; for extreme weather conditions such as rainstorm and typhoon, we carry out advance deployment and emergency control, and continuously supplement and improve the safeguard measures according to the situation on the ground. Handling of Safety Incidents If there is a production safety incident, we will classify the incident according to its nature, severity and scope to determine the incidenthandling procedures, and produce an incident investigation report in the end of the process. The relevant responsible persons will be held accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Safety Training and Education We regard Safety Culture as a foundation of production safety management of the enterprise, and conduct targeted safety education according to the job requirements for each position. We regularly organize safety training on production safety, firesafety, and occupational health safety. New employees are required to receive level 3 safety training, firesafety training, and other safety training on subjects such as the prevention of workrelated injuries and machine operation regulations. Relevant personnel are also required to take part in the training for the certification of first responder or safety officer. Besides, we put up warning signs in places with potential occupational hazards, setup a safety culture promotion gallery, and carry out health and safety promotion through meetings, radio, TV, and We Chat groups to raise the awareness of health protection of all employees.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202252 PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT SDGs addressed in this chapter ESG issues addressed in this chapter Climate change GHG emissions Use of energy Biodiversity and land use General waste discharge Use of packaging materials Waste gas and waste water discharge Use of water resources We actively respond to the national green development requirements and take the realization of green development and dualcarbon goals as an important part of our development. We identify, assess and manage climaterelated risks, make timely adjustments to our business strategy, accelerate our clean and lowcarbon transformation process, and commit to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. We continuously attach importance to environment protection and the pursuit of ecological civilization, and we are committed to incorporating sustainable development into corporate activities and decisionmaking. We continuously promote green product design, packagingreduction projects, and sustainable logistics. We also promote environmental impact control throughout the entire process, from production and operations to retail products to save energy and resources and reduce emissions and waste. We proactively promote green office operations and conduct various employee activities to enhance the environmental awareness of our employees and their families. Combating Climate Change We are aware of the risks that climate change brings to our business and are committed to addressing climate changerelated risks and seizing climaterelated opportunities. Based on the recommendations of the TCFD and with reference to Guidance on Climate Disclosures by HKEX, we are working on climate change in four key areas, namely Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, Metrics and Targets. We incorporate the identification, assessment and management of climate risks into the our strategy and risk management system in an effort to effectively manage our opportunities and risks associated with climate change. At the same time, we pledge to actively use clean energy, improve energy efficiency across the board, reduce carbon emissions in production and
53 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Metrics and Targets Risk Management Strategy Governanceoperations, and collaborate with upstream and downstream partners to address climate change risks and reduce the potential impact of climate related risks, through both management and technological innovation inaccordance with the United Nations SDGs. During the financial year, we have established a climate change governance framework and produced alist of potential climate risks under different climate scenarios inaccordance with Guidance on Climate Disclosures by HKEX. In the future, we will continue to promote the identification of climate change risks and opportunities, deepen the analysis of their impact on business, strategy and financial planning, improve the construction of risk management systems and processes, refine risk management metrics and targets, and set up specific actions for climate risk management and incorporate them into the longterm planning of business strategies. Governance To address climate changerelated risks and opportunities, through the structure consisting of the Board, the Sustainability Committee and the Sustainability Department, we achieve effective governance. The Board has the ultimate and overall responsibility on the Group's climate change related matters, with monitoring on the Sustainability Committee's work and receipt of the committee's reporting. The Sustainability Committee is responsible the identification, evaluation, management and reporting of climaterelated risks and opportunities, aiming to reduce the negative effect of our business development and ensure the effective implementation of climate changerelated work. Under the guidance of the Sustainability Committee, the Sustainability Department collaborates with personsincharge of each department and business unit to promote the identification and assessment of climate change risks and the implementation of related management strategies. Strategy In order to better understand the impact of climate change on our business, we carefully assess the physical risks, transition risks and opportunities of climate change on business marketing of the significant component of our business. In relation to our business segments and with reference to the climate scenarios proposed by the United Nations IPCC, NGFS and other institutions, we have constructed three climate scenarios, i. e. 1. 5 C scenario, 2 C scenario and 3 C scenario, for the shortterm (05 years), mediumterm (610 years) and longterm (up to 2050) timeframes. The scenariobased assessment of the physical environment and socioeconomic environment lays the foundation for identifying key climate parameters, and provides the basis for further identifying the actual and potential impacts of climaterelated risks on our business, strategy and financial planning. We will also promote the identification and impact assessment of climate changerelated opportunities based on our business development.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202254 Climate Scenario Construction Name of scenario Description of scenario Scenario of reference 1. 5 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 1. 5 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, but the frequency and intensity of severe climate events begin to stabilize at a new normal. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, companies face more stringent compliance requirements on carbon reduction targets, green electricity use, carbon price mechanism coverage, and lowcarbon procurement, global energy transformation picks up pace anda power system driven mainly by clean electricity takes shape in 2030, consumers start to pay attention to the carbon information of products and become more conscious of sustainable consumption. IPCC SSP 11. 9 NGFS Net Zero 2050 WBCSD 1. 5 C Societal Transformation Scenario 2 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 2 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, the frequency and intensity of extreme weather increases significantly before and after 2030, some highrisk areas are clearly affected by climate events, but governments are taking systematic adaptation measures to deal with the impact. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, voluntary carbon reduction targets are issued by most enterprises, the compliance requirements for energyintensive industries become more stringent, the carbon pricing mechanism is not expanded to more industries, global energy transformation picks up pace, consumers are more conscious of sustainable consumption but less capable of making consumption. IPCC SSP 22. 6 NGFS Delayed Transition WBCSD Forecast Policy Scenario 3 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 3 C, climate impacts can be strongly felt globally, with notable increase in frequency and intensity, climate change impacts most regions and populations in the world, and the response measures taken by governments are temporary rather than systematic. Socioeconomic impact The climate targets and policies adopted by countries have not been further strengthened, only some enterprises have issued voluntary carbon reduction targets, and the supply chain is not sufficiently motivated to cut carbon emissions; global energy transition is slow, clean energy is not sufficiently available, and the purchase of nonessential consumer goods by consumers is significantly reduced. IPCC SSP 24. 5 NGFS Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs)PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT
55 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Inaccordance with the TCFD and Guidance on Climate Disclosures, we have assessed the physical risks (including acute risks with shortterm impacts and chronic risks caused by longterm shifts in climate patterns) and transition risks that may affect ANTA Sports, identified five potential physical risks in two categories and 13 potential transition risks in four categories, and produced alist of potential climate risks, which will be used as an important input for further assessing the impact of climaterelated material risks on our business. List of Potential Climate Risks Type of risk Influencing factor Impact on business, strategic and financial planning Physical risk Acute risk Typhoon Fujian province is atypical landing spot of typhoons. Given the possible increase in the frequency of typhoons as a result of climate change, the Company is expected to experience increased number and longer days of operation interruptions, which will undermine the stability of buildings such as warehouses and campuses aswell as operations, and increase the cost of infrastructure maintenance, leading to higher losses of production and operation interruptions. Flood Road transportation is the main form of cargo transport in Mainland China. Increased frequency of floods may disrupt highway traffic and transportation across regions, potentially jeopardizing the stable operation of logistics and transportation. Physical risk Chronic risk Extreme changes in rainfall patterns and weather patterns Increased frequency of extreme weather patterns such as floods, typhoons and thunderstorms caused by climate change will have a significant impact on agriculture. This longterm change will visibly affect the planting patterns and purchase prices of natural fibers such as cotton, which will inturn lead to an increase in operating costs. Average temperature rise The rise in average temperature caused by climate change may affect the yield of agricultural products, which may lead to a reduction in production of natural fibers such as cotton in the long term, pushing up the purchase price and eventually affecting corporate income. The increase in hot weather may lower the work efficiency of employees and jeopardize their health and safety, pushing up the expenses of hightemperature subsidies and medical care aswell as may suppress public demand for outdoor sports, resulting in lower consumer demand for outdoor products. Rising sea levels Rising sea levels may affect the world's available arable land and reduce the area for crop cultivation, which will significantly affect the production of natural fibers such as cotton thus increase procurement costs.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202256 PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT Type of risk Influencing factor Impact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition risk Policy and legal risk Higher pricing for GHG emissions Under a carbonreduction scenario, the consumer goods sector maybe further incorporated into the carbon pricing mechanism in China's carbon trading market; the EU is already planning to issue a carbon border tax requirement for the textile industry. A carbon price could set the direction for the market, and encourage lowcarbon energy consumption and innovation in lowcarbon technologies. If the Company emits more GHG emissions than it is allowed to, it will have to incur extra operating costs. Enhanced emissions reporting obligationsANTA Sports is listed on the HKEX. Currently, the HKEX requires listed companies to disclose GHG emissions, and plans to further enhance the reporting obligations related to climate risks. It is expected that before 2025, listed companies will be required to disclose information related to climate risks consistent with TCFD recommendations. Existing requirements and regulation of products and services The existing requirements and regulation of products and services may drive up the cost of professional training for the Company's sales personnel. Government or industry associations may impose increasingly stringent requirements on the energy consumption standards of the products and the carbon intensity of the industry, including possible requirement for the carbon footprint label of products or carbon intensity per unit weight of product, or even requirement for the elimination of highcarbon products. The Company may also be subject to quotas of energy consumption and carbon emission in the production and operation stages. Transition risk Technology risk Failure on new technology investment The potential of transferring to industry with clean and lowcarbon technology may lead to extra investment. Cost of lowcarbon technology transition In recent years, more and more electric and even hydrogendriven vehicles have been used in freight transport. The replacement and upgrade cost of the freight vehicles may have an impact on the cost of this particular link on the value chain segment, and eventually pass on to ANTA Sports. As a leading company, ANTA Sports is expected to undertake greater obligations of carbon emission reduction, and make greater investment in energyconserving and carbonreducing technologies; in addition, new technologies and processes required for lowcarbon production will lead to the replacement and iteration of existing equipment, which will bring down the value of corporate assets.
57 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Type of risk Influencing factor Impact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition risk Market risk Changes in customer behavior Our customers may seek more environmentally friendly products and service experiences due to consumer preferences or policy requirements. This may lead to an increase in consumer demand for lowcarbon products and require companies to push for transition in aspects such as raw materials and energy structure. If we fail to innovate our products, it may result in a loss of revenue and market share and additional investment in technology transformation. Rising costs of raw materials The increased frequency of floods, typhoons thunderstorms and extreme high low temperatures caused by climate change will push up the prices of natural fibers and other raw materials required for our production, which will increase the procurement cost of raw materials and may ultimately affect our revenue. Due to evermore rigorous requirements of environmental protection and increased policy actions, the demand for lowcarbon transformation of raw materials and energy is becoming higher and higher. Suppliers will transfer the cost of environmental protection to the downstream suppliers, and the cost of energy consumption, raw materials etc., will increase due to requirement of lowcarbon transitions. Transition risk Reputation risk Change in consumer preference With changing public perception and consumer preference, more attention will be paid to the lowcarbon attributes of goods, which may lead to an increase in the demand for lowcarbon products and affect the preferred forms of sales, such as the green design and mode of promotion adopted by the stores. Increased stakeholder concerns and negative feedback More and more investors are adopting ESG investment principles, such as responsible investment principles, and closely following companies climate change actions. They are paying closer attention to the climate risks, carbon emission performance, and carbon emission targets of companies. If we fail to take proactive steps toward decarbonization, investors may undervalue our Company, resulting in a negative impact on the company's reputation and financing costs.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202258 ONE OVERALL GOAL 1 3 Risk Management We have incorporated climate risk management into our strategy and risk management, and the Sustainability Committee coordinates the implementation of climaterelated risk management in all departments and business units. In order to cope with the risks associated with climate change, we continue to expand our efforts and measures in areas such as biodiversity protection based on the concept of coexistence between corporate development and the environment; introduce carbon inventories to promote green and lowcarbon development in the value chain and areas of consumption; setup contingency plans for extreme weather and natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes to ensure stable production and operations. Following the trend of green development, we also strive to promote the lowcarbon transformation of our business while enhancing climate resilience and sustainable competitiveness. Based on the scenario analysis of climate risks and the identification of key business issues, we will continue to promote the improvement and refinement of the risk management framework. Targets Based on the assessment of climate change risks and potential opportunities and our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we have, in line with our development strategy, formulated and actively promoted the 1 3 5 strategic goals for achieving mutualism with the environment, and will continue to promote clean and lowcarbon transformation of our business, push forward green and lowcarbon development in the value chain, and enhance our climate resilience and sustainable competitiveness. In the future, we will continue to improve and refine our climate change metrics and targets. By 2050 carbon neutrality Strategic Goals 1 3 5 PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT THREE ZEROES
59 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 FIVE 50 THREE ZEROES 5 Product Carbon Footprint Management Climate change has become the biggest global challenge. We have proactively responded to China's goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060, we worked with our upstream and downstream partners to tackle climate change, and we are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. We proactively had disclosed our GHG emissions performance for eight consecutive years, and we are committed to reducing our GHG emissions. While rapidly expanding our business, we have continued to strengthen our carbon footprint management and lead the green, lowcarbon, and circular development of the industry. Commitment to Science Based Target Based on the goal of achieving netzero carbon emissions by 2050, we have formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. We also plan to set carbon reduction targets for our business in accordance with the SBTi standard, covering the whole value chain, including the production of our core products, upstream supplier production, logistics and retail, and take active actions to promote carbon reduction. We promise to continuously invest in the development of lowcarbon products and adopt energy conservation programs to improve energy efficiency and encourage the use of renewable energy, in order to reduce carbon emissions and mitigate climate change in the production phase. At the same time, considering the requirement of Scope 3 carbon reduction from SBTi, we will expand carbon footprint calculation to include all core products, from upstream raw materials to downstream retail, and develop a comprehensive carbon reduction plan to work toward the goal of netzero carbon emissions by 2050. Low Carbon Production and Operations Conducting Carbon Emissions Assessment In cooperation with external consulting institutions, we conducted carbon intensity assessment of our seven selfowned operating factories, three office buildings and one logistics center in accordance with ISO 140641 2008. Based on the results of the carbon intensity assessment, we selected two selfowned operating factories, one office building and one logistics center as pilot sites to develop carbon reduction plans. By 2030 netzero carbon emissions in selfowned operating facilities, zero use of virgin plastic in selfowned operating facilities, and zero landfill of selfgenerated production waste By 2030 increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50, replace 50 of strategic partners energy consumption with renewable energy, use sustainable packaging for 50 of products, replace 50 of fuel used for transportation in our selfowned operating facilities with clean fuels, and apply 50 sustainable raw materials
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202260 Measures aimed at improving energy efficiency in production Exercised daily control of air conditioners, boilers and other equipment and control with time switch to reduce nonessential energy consumption; Conducted regular maintenance to reduce abnormal operation of equipment, replacing old equipment on a timely basis, and promoting energysaving equipment such as energysaving lamps to improve the operation efficiency of the equipment and reduce energy loss; Conducted monthly inspection on energy conservation to analyze the energy conservation status of each floor, and following upon the energy conservation measures and suggestions of each department in a timely manner; Carried out energy conservation activities such as energy conservation renovation and application of new technologies to reduce electricity usage. Measures aimed at improving energy efficiency in logistics Promoted the use of clean energy and gradually replacing existing fuel vehicles with electric vehicles; Promoted photovoltaic power generation projects, which are already in use in some warehouses; Built new warehouses and rearranging transport routes to shorten the journey of cargo transport, and reduce the carbon emissions of freight vehicles. Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Production In order to promote energy conservation and effective use of energy, we have established an energy conservation and emission reduction management system and an energy conservation and emission reduction implementation plan. During the financial year, we conducted carbon intensity assessment of our seven selfowned operating factories to identify the sources of carbon emissions. In the meantime, based on the carbon intensity assessment, we picked ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. as pilot sites to review the existing emission reduction measures and design and evaluate possible energy conservation and emission reduction measures, including the construction of green factories and the development of distributed photovoltaic projects, with a view to promoting viable solutions to all plants. We have taken the following measures (as shown in the table) at each of our plants to improve energy efficiency in production and reduce carbon emissions. Carbon Reduction in Logistics We are continuously exploring various ways to achieve green logistics, and are committed to reducing the carbon footprint generated during the distribution of raw materials and products. On the basis of compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we have established internal policies, such as the Regulations on the Management of Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction and the Standardized Management Specifications for Production of Packaging Boxes, with the aim of building a green logistics system. We also linked the progress of energy conservation and emission reduction targets in logistics to the performance of relevant personnel to promote carbon reduction in the logistics sector with greater efficiency. During the financial year, based on the carbon intensity assessment of our logistics and distribution centers, we adopted an energy conservation and carbon reduction plan in line with our operational practices, including measures to control the use of refrigerants and improve warehouse lighting, which will be assessed for feasibility through pilot implementation and introduced to all logistic and distribution centers. We have taken the following measures (as shown in the table) in each logistics center and the transportation process to improve energy efficiency and reduce carbon emissions. Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Office We formulated the Office Management Policy and Central Air Conditioning Turn On Off Control Standards to regulate the use of energy resources aswell as the minimum requirement and time for turning on air conditioning in office areas, and adopted a number of green office measures. During the PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT
61 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 current financial year, we conducted an assessment of the carbon emissions intensity of our Jinjiang operation building and proposed potentially feasible measures to reduce carbon emissions, such as reusing office furniture and using electric office vehicles, which were evaluated on a pilot basis and gradually extended to all operation bases. We have adopted the following measures (as shown in the table) in each of our operation buildings to improve energy efficiency and reduce carbon emissions. Management of Carbon Emissions on the Supply Chain We are working with our core tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers to spearhead the management of carbon emissions from our suppliers. During the financial year, we started collecting carbon emission and energy use data of core tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers to access their carbon emission intensity. In addition, we actively pursued over 20 suppliers facilities touse clean energy and renewable energy, and assisted four suppliers to obtain green certification, and promoted them to procure lowcarbon and sustainable raw materials in an effort to build a green supply chain. Sustainable Production and Operation We comply with national laws and regulations, establish and follow a strict management system to reduce environmental pollution in our production process. We implement various green environmental measures in our production process, including waste sorting and resource conservation. At the same time, we have setup management systems inaccordance with ISO 14001 and ISO 14064 standards to improve the environmental management of our production and operation processes. During the financial year, we were not subject to any environmental or ecological fine. 2 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from direct greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption (such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas) during operation production process and the refrigerants emission. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas missions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of refrigerants compared to 2021, adding ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. and the Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. 3 Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group's operation production process, calculated with reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO 2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 is adopted from Notice on the management of greenhouse gas emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 (Huanban Qihou 2023 No. 43). In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. Key Performance in 2022 GHG emissions and emission intensity 145, 454 2. 95178, 794 22. 9 3. 33 12. 9 142, 682173, 9742, 7724, 820 2021 2022 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions (ton of CO 2 equivalent)2 Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions (ton of CO 2 equivalent)3 Total GHG emissions (ton of CO 2 equivalent) Total GHG emission intensity (ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB)
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202262 Key Performance in 2022 ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Shangqiu ANTA Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. have received the ISO 14001 environmental management system certification ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sportswear Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. have passed the ISO 140641 GHG verificationPROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT Energy efficiency measures in office areas Establish a regular inspection system for public office areas and conduct checks on safety risks to ensure the lowest per capita energy consumption; Manage the energy use of air conditioning, lighting and other equipment to ensure proper usage and conduct regular maintenance to extend their service life and improve the efficiency of resource use; Manage the use of paper and other office supplies, promote paperless office, and make doublesided printing as the default setting to reduce the consumption of office paper; Reduce GHG emissions from travel by replacing some business trips with video conferencing. 4 The purchased electricity data are obtained from the purchased electricity volume of the Group's manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities, logistics facility and store facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The purchased electricity data in 2022 increased. 5 Energy consumption (unit k Wh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and purchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation ofT otal Production Energy Consumption (GB 25892020). Key Performance in 2022 Gasoline (k Wh) Diesel (k Wh) Natural gas (k Wh) Purchased electricity (k Wh) 4 Purchased steam (k Wh) Total energy consumption (m Wh) 5366, 546 199, 930 14, 504, 389 265, 058, 740 57, 573, 558 337, 703
63 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Emissions and Waste Emissions Management We have established internal systems such as the Wastewater Treatment Operation Procedures to manage emissions, and taken effective measures to promote green production, including actively controlling the environmental impact of the production process and reducing the generation and discharge of pollutants. At the same time, we have commissioned qualified third parties to conduct regular inspections of wastewater, exhaust and noise to ensure compliance in waste discharge, with the goal of gradually reducing the intensity of emissions in the future. Measures for reducing waste water discharge Measures for reducing waste gas emission Measures for reducing dust emission Using the Coagulation and Sedimentation process to treat wastewater. Aftertreatment, supernatant that meets the standard will be discharged, and sludge will be dewatered and transported for disposal; Reducing the use of chemicals, therefore reducing the loads of chemicals in wastewater treatment. Using environmentfriendly waterbased glue instead of oilbased glue to reduce the content of volatile organic compounds in waste gas; Adopting the process of UV Photolysis Activated Carbon Adsorption in treating organic waste gas to meet the emission standard. Equipping electric engraving machines with a pulsejet collector to reduce dust pollution; Adding a new cutting waste recycling device and using innovative liquid nitrogen cryogenic grinding technology, which enables full waste recycling and substantially reduces dust in our factories. Waste Management We abide by our Solid Waste Management Regulations, Hazardous Chemicals Management Regulations, Hazardous Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Responsibility System, Hazardous Waste Warehouse Storage Standards and other internal policies and guidance and clearly define the responsibilities of all departments. We sort and manage waste in the production process, and keep complete records of the process. In the meantime, we conduct general or key controls over our waste recycling partners, depending on the circumstances. We communicate our environmental policy to them, obtain their waste recycling and treatment results, and follow up when necessary. Waste sorting and treatment measures Recyclable waste including wastepaper and scrap metal. For these types of waste, we set up collection points where they get sorted and recovered by the waste recycling department; Nonrecyclable waste including domestic and engineering wastes that have no recycling value. These types of waste are collected by relevant departments for centralized disposal; Hazardous waste we set up hazardous waste warehouse to keep them in storage, and commission qualified third parties to treat and dispose of them all together so as to ensure compliance with laws and regulations on hazardous waste disposal.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202264 PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT Reducing waste generation at its source ANTA (China) Co., Ltd invested resources to improve production processes and reduce waste generation at its source. At the same time, we promote sorting and recycling of waste, and reduce the proportion of waste going to landfill and incineration. Key Performance in 2022 Waste Production Total hazardous waste produced (tons) 6 Total nonhazardous waste produced (tons) 7 9, 204335. 4 6 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group's manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the office building in Xiamen, the FILA office building, Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and the hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. 7 Nonhazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of nonhazardous waste of the Group's manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of nonhazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building, Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. and Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd., and the nonhazardous waste data in 2022 increased. Reuse Renewable energy Process control Collection Reducing waste generation at source Circular supply Reducing waste generation on site Optimization at the end point Green supply Environmental disposal
65 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Water Resources Management We issued the Cost Savings Measures for Industrial Park and the Letter on Energy Conservation, Energy Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park, which stipulate detailed measures for reducing water use during production, and we also adopted an inspection system to ensure their implementation, with the goal of gradually reducing the intensity of water use in the future. Key Performance in 2022 Total water consumption (m 3) Total water consumption intensity (m revenue per million RMB)Measures to raise the efficiency of water utilization Improving the recycling rate of production water, renovating and upgrading the boiler return water piping system, and recycling steam boiler water (hot water) under the condition of ensuring water quality; Improving the reuse rate of domestic water, such as maximizing the use of reclaimed water for greening; Purchasing watersaving appliances and making watersaving improvements to existing facilities, such as using moderatesized faucet valves and sinking filledup bottles into the flushing water tanks in the factory toilets to take up volume and reduce the amount of flushing water needed; Regularly inspecting the plumbing equipment, and monitoring and analyzing water use to prevent water pipes from dripping, leaking and bursting that would result in equipment damage; Strengthening awareness campaigns on water conservation and posting water conservation slogans at major waterusing locations to enhance employees awareness of water conservation. 1, 429, 69126. 7
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202266 Sustainable Packaging We are actively reducing the use of packaging materials from production to sales and promoting the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the pressure on resources and the Promoting Packaging Reduction Promoting Sustainable Packaging Reducing the use of packaging paper, redesigning the specifications of packaging paper, standardizing the size of packaging cartons used in our supply chain, logistics and stores, and minimizing the use of tags, isolation paper for apparel packaging and packaging cartons; Using crates, instead of cartons, for internal circulation in the factories; improving the reuse rate of cartons in logistics, such as recycling cartons after shipping them to selfowned operating factories; Improving instore displays to reduce the use of packaging materials. Using degradable paper or recycled paper as shoe packaging and stop using plastic bags for 99. 9 of our shoe products; Using environmentfriendly wax rope instead of transparent buckles, recycled polyethylene moisture barrier bags and polyethylene tape. environment. We define sustainable packaging as biodegradable or recyclable plastic packaging made of reused or recycled materials, aswell as paper packaging made of reused or recycled materials that can either be recycled or has FSC certification, and we are actively promoting the use of sustainable packaging for our branded products, reducing the use of virgin plastic packaging and continuously increasing the proportion of sustainable packaging for our products. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT
67 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Key Performance in 2022 Total packaging material consumption during the financial year was 24, 064 tons More than 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoebox, tag and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging 100 of DESCENTE s shoes packaging paper and paper shoe tree have received FSC and GRS certifications respectively Change to light packaging helps preserve our green homeland The green development of packaging products is an important part of our lowcarbon operation. We have introduced changes and upgrade to product packaging in order to realize the goals of reduced use, lightweight and recycling. Through the coordinated efforts of all departments, we have successfully upgraded the sustainability of shoe boxes and shopping bags the shoe box, which was reduced from five layers to three layers, with added weight for each layer, now weighs only 510 grams, downby about 15 from the original weight of 600 grams, and the weight of each shopping bag was reduced from 120 grams to 100 grams, downby about 16. The sustainable development upgrade of shoe boxes and shopping bags helps to reduce carbon emissions and conserve water and electricity, while also reducing costs.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202268 Coorganizing the Panda Tour in Xiamen together with the One Planet Foundation Biodiversity Conservation As a global strategic partner of WWF, we have been promoting the conservation of biodiversity for many years. We are committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Nature Reserves, and we are committed not to engaging in deforestation. In October, on the occasion of International Panda Day, we coorganized Panda Tour in Xiamen together with the One Planet Foundation. During the event, the paper sculptures of pandas made their debut in Xiamen, and 30 employee volunteers participated in the organization work on site. The event effectively raised public awareness of biodiversity conservation and made a call to the public to join in the protection of endangered wildlife species. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT
69 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Building ANTA Forest to Protect the Forest Ecosystem We worked with WWF to build ANTA Forest to help protect and restore the forest ecosystem around Beijing since 2021. By supporting the construction of Beijing s urban forest, the initiative also helped shape the green landscape of Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics. As of 31 December 2022, there were 600 mu of ANTA Forest in Beijing and 150 mu of ANTA Forest in the Northeast Tiger and Leopard National Park, totaling 750 mu of nearnatural restoration demonstration area. In the future, we will continue to monitor and track the progress of restoration to support the enhancement of forest biodiversity and upgrade the service functions of the forest ecosystem. Protecting the Yangtze River Dolphins, Moving to the Nature In May, on the occasion of the International Day for Biological Diversity, we joined hands with our strategic partner WWF to organize an event on the theme of Fry Stocking and Protecting the Beautiful Swan Island Yangtze River dolphins conservation event in the Lipotes Vexillifer National Nature Reserve on the Swan Island of Yangtze River in Hubei, the first protected migration site of Yangtze River dolphins in the country. During the event, nearly 20 employees volunteers participated in fry stocking, habitat cleanup and other activities. In addition, we also made donations for the building of the interactive science museum on the theme of Yangtze River dolphins to raise public awareness of Yangtze River dolphins conservation and mobilize more people and social forces to participate in biodiversity conservation.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202270 This section responds to the SDGs goals Public welfare system We believe in Value Creation through Mutualism, that is, mutualism with partners, mutualism with employees, mutualism with the society, and mutualism with the environment, We are actively fulfilling our social responsibility and promoting the company's development in the ESG field, while continuously improving our public welfare system and contributing to public welfare and charity. Our Public Welfare System Key Foundation Core Value Vision Area Goal Direct donation of cash and sportswear Estab lished ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project The founding family of the Group established the Hemin Foundation Integrity and Gratitude Becoming a pioneer in fulfilling social responsibilities among Chinese enterprises Youth sports education, sports development, medical and health care, community support and rural revitalization, environmental sustainability Promoting common prosperity and better meeting people's aspirations fora better life based on the core objectives of sports empowerment and healthy China ESG issues addressed in this section Social Investment Over the years, we have actively practiced our social responsibility and contributed to sports development and the society while promoting corporate production and operations. We also organize volunteer activities and encourage our employees to participate in public welfare activities to jointly fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTS
71 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 One sports education project The project focuses on youth sports, and helps young people in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support of donating equipment kit, providing physical education, establishing ADream Centers, building sports fields, organizing sports camps, etc. One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region's capacity of medical services. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation setup by the founding family of the Group, establishes the program dedicated to supporting the active retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties in the future. One poverty alleviation project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group, improving the community life, medical conditions and infrastructure of the villages, aswell as participating in national disaster assistance and international humanitarian assistance. One ecological protection project Working with international environmental organization, focusing on Biodiversity Conservation. During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB 23 million in cash to different charities, and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) exceeded RMB 200 million. Five Ones Project We and the Hemin Foundation setup by the founding family of the Group have taken an active part in the cause of social welfare. With efforts in areas such as education, sports and people's livelihood, we have taken concrete actions to give back to the society and launched the following social responsibility mechanism based on the core objectives of sports empowerment and healthy China Keeping Sports Development Close to Heart As a leading sportswear company in China, we aspire to invest more resources in sports development and public health by continuously promoting different types of social projects. Through sports product donations, cash donations and training of physical education teachers, etc., we facilitate the development of sports in underdeveloped areas. ANTA has been a partner of the Chinese Olympic Committee for 16 consecutive years and has sponsored Olympic equipment for 22 Chinese national teams, including winter sports, boxing, taekwondo, gymnastics, karate, weightlifting, wrestling and trampoline, we have made multipronged efforts to promote sports activities and sports development.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202272Athlete Public Interaction As role models in society, athletes are expected to present a positive image to young people. We strive to bring athletes closer to the public and strengthen the positive interactions between them, hoping that this will encourage more young people to muster the courage to pursue their dreams, overcome difficulties and push themselves to the limit. Through the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, we have established the ANTA Welfare Super A Alliance, and continued to expand the base of the ANTA Welfare Super A Partners. We have invited Olympic Champion of Short Track Speed Skating Wu Dajing, Women s Volleyball World Champion Wei Qiuyue, Taekwondo World Champion Wu Jingyu, China's first World Champion of Figure Skating Chen Lu, and former Men's Basketball National team player Zhang Qingpeng, to join us as ANTA Welfare Super A Partners. We have also invited Weightlifting World Champion Deng Wei, Gymnastics World Champion Deng Shudi, Freestyle Skiing Aerial Skills World Champion Cheng Shuang, and former Women s Soccer National team player Lou Xiaoxu to take the role of ANTA Welfare Super A Partners, in an effort to bring athletes into school campus and closer to the public to promote the spirit of sports, share their growth experience, and spread love and warmth. Supporting Sports Education Physical education is a subject in the national curriculum. It enables students to master the basic knowledge and skills of physical education and sports, which plays avital role in improving the level of physical fitness of Chinese citizens. We have actively responded to the advocacy of the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Education for the integration of sports and education, and committed ourselves to the development of youth sports education. We promoted training courses which are more suitable for underdeveloped areas in order to allow more youth and teenager to enjoy the happiness from sports activities. By carrying out the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, we have used charity as a means to promote sportseducation integration and support rural revitalization, helping young people in underdeveloped regions to truly benefit from every physical education class. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTS ANTA Sports Camp Joins Hands with Famous Athletes to Share the Joy of Sports During the financial year, we organized five ANTA Sports Camps under the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, with skiing, soccer, basketball and volleyball as the main themes. A total of 265 youths from five provinces, including Jilin, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Jiangxi and Guizhou, participated in the camps, and famous athletes such as Wei Qiuyue and Zhang Qingpeng came to the site to share their inspirations and interact with the participants.
73 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Enthusiastic about Public Welfare and Charity We have long engaged in public welfare and charity undertakings in various fields. By working on social welfare and leading by example, we are committed to making the society a better place. At the same time, we have formulated the Protocol of ANTA Group for the Management of Charitable Donation, the Sports Equipment Donation Process of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project and other rules to continuously improve the donation management system, regulate the act of charitable donation and provide safeguard for the delivery of charitable donations. In the future, we and the Hemin Foundation will continue to adhere to the concept of Starting a Business with Peace of Mind and Being Practical, build China's leading charity system, and continue to contribute to the social charity cause. Sturdy Growth Charity Project We launched the Sturdy Growth Charity Project in 2017, jointly established with the China Youth Development Foundation and the ADream Foundation. With the vision of Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities, the project focuses on youth sports, and helps young people in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support of donating equipment kit, providing physical education, establishing ADream Centers, building sports fields, organizing sports camps etc. We are dedicated to integrating the sports spirit into every child's life. With our resources and strengths, we strive to create a more wellrounded growth environment for young people and help them form a healthy lifestyle and personality. Training the frontline physical education teachers, to share the joy of sports During the financial year, ANTA training courses enable students to enjoy professional and interesting lessons and build a strong body. We had carried out dozens of training sessions for frontline physical education teachers in Hubei, Guizhou, Yunnan, Heilongjiang, Hainan and other provinces, training more than 1, 600 frontline physical education teachers, passing on professional skills and sowing sports dreams.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202274 Hemin Health Assistance program, helping people with illnesses and difficulties Key performance in 2022 Over the years, the Sturdy Growth Charity Project has donated over RMB 650 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value) established 166 ADream Centers, providing training to physical education teachers and dream classes to young people trained 4, 468 physical education teachers donated 31 ANTA sports fields organized 33 ANTA sports camps benefited over 4. 9 million students in 11, 711 schools in China Hemin Foundation In 2021, the founding family of the Group launched the Hemin Foundation with a donation of RMB 10 billion in cash and shares. Through the Hemin Foundation, we strive to blend the spirit of public welfare into our corporate culture and fulfill our responsibilities for the development of education, health and other public programs. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTS The Hemin Health Assistance program is established to enable timely medical treatment to the participants of medical insurance schemes in Jinjiang who are suffering from illness and livelihood difficulties, secure the access to medical services of urban and rural residents with livelihood difficulties, supplement and improve the medical assistance system for urban and rural residents in Jinjiang, and promote the development of welfare programs on medical health.
75 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Hemin Student Sponsorship program, supporting the cultivation of rural talents The Hemin Student Sponsorship program, jointly launched by the Hemin Foundation and Jinjiang Student Financial Assistance Center, aims to help children from financiallystrapped households to complete their university studies. Program not only relieves the financial pressure of the families of students in need, but also encourages the students to change their fate with knowledge, build selfconfidence and seek selfimprovement, and harnesses the power of knowledge to support the cultivation of rural talents and the revitalization of local villages. Assistance for Pandemic Response In the face of pandemic outbreaks around the country, we have always strictly implemented the relevant requirements on pandemic control, and actively donated funds and material supplies. We have donated cash and sportswear to medical workers fighting against the pandemic in Quanzhou, Fujian and Shanghai, personnel and volunteers, in order to support the nationwide battle against the virus. Volunteer Services Our volunteer team, ANTA Dream Camp Volunteer Association, was established in 2017. To encourage employees to actively participate in public welfare, everyone of themis entitled to half aday of leave for public welfare services each year. During the financial year, we have actively participated in volunteer services such as Earth Hour, Porpoise Day Beach Cleanup and Fry Stocking, Panda Tour, Sturdy Growth Welfare Project, and ANTA training courses for physical education teachers, with an accumulated service time over 24, 000 hours.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202276 Sustainable Development ESG Strategy We have set clear overall goals in terms of Environment, Social and Governance. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. We also strive to ensure production safety, protect our employees legitimate rights, participate in social welfare, and assume greater responsibilities to society. We support the United Nations 2030 SDGs and Sustainable Development Agenda, and incorporate ESG responsibilities into our strategic goals. We adhere to creating mutual growth value with consumers, employees, partners, society, and environment, as we firmly believe that fulfilling our social responsibilities and being accountable to stakeholders are the keys to achieving sustainable business growth. We continuously improve our ESG management system, focusing on areas such as product quality, employee wellbeing, environmental protection, and social welfare. Supporting the SDGs of the United Nations We take our corporate responsibilities in Environment, Social and Governance seriously, and actively support the SDGs of the United Nations. We became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact in 2021, committing to the 10 principles including human rights, labor standards, environment and anticorruption, and dedicating ourselves to the pursuit of sustainable development while promoting economic prosperity. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS SDG goals addressed in this chapter ESG issues covered in this chapter Corporate governance Business ethics We stand committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities, formulate ESG strategies and goals, and proactively support the realization of the 17 SDGs of the United Nations. We proactively communicate with various stakeholders and collect their suggestions. We continuously improve our sustainability structure, and strive to establish a sound corporate governance system, implement comprehensive risk control, and build a management mechanism featuring business compliance, clean and efficient operation and smooth functioning, all in an effort to safeguard the rights and interests of investors. We incorporate ESG into the Company's development strategy and join hands with all walks of life to build a better world.
77 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Our Goals Theme of Action 2022 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, drive economic development, and promote employment opportunity. Corporate governance Leap in Product Quality Maintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers longterm confidence in the Group's brands. Innovate process design Improve product quality Promote circular fashion Optimize customer service Respect customer rights Caring for Employees Create an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe work environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, dedicate to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future. Employment management Respect for the rights of employees Employee compensation and benefits Employee development and training Occupational Health and Safety Creating a Green Supply Chain Continue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain. Responsible supply chain management Sustainable sourcing of raw materials Develop together with partners Protecting the Environment Take up responsibility for the environment, promote energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operation, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly tackle the risks of climate change. Continue to promote green products and sustainable logistics. Promote green office, and enhance the environmental protection awareness of employees and their families through various employee activities. Climate change response Product carbon footprint management Sustainable production and operation Biodiversity conservation Giving Back to Society Act on the country's macro strategies, undertake corporate social responsibility, actively participate in community building, and contribute to the development of a harmonious society through various community activities. Public welfare system Dedication to sports development Dedication to charity
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202278 ESG Governance Structure We attach great importance to sustainability. By adhering to improving internal sustainability governance, and strengthening the management and control of our corporate development's impact on the environment and society, we strive to create values for our stakeholders. We have established a topdown ESG governance structure to coordinate, from governance level, the Group's overall sustainability matters and promote the realization of the related goals. The Sustainability Committee, established on 18 December 2021, consists of three Executive Directors, four Independent Non Executive Directors, and one executive designated by the Board. For details of the Sustainability Committee, please refer to the Sustainability Committee Terms of Reference. Sustainability Committee Sustainability Department Functional Departments 3 Brand Groups Board The Sustainability Committee assists the Board (i) to conduct effective governance and oversight of ESG matters; (ii) to formulate and review the Group's strategic objectives for sustainable development; (iii) to lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability; (iv) to identify, assess and manage material ESG risks; and (v) to coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to improve the quality of ESG information disclosure, so that the Company's ESG governance effectiveness would be enhanced. The Board assumes the overall responsibility for the Company's ESG matters, and oversees the Company's ESG governance. The Sustainability Department is responsible for coordinating the ESG work of other departments, promoting the implementation and execution of the Group's strategic objectives for, and preparing the annual ESG report. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
79 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Applying Green Finance Solutions to Show our Commitment to Sustainable Development Joining the SAC to Manage the Environmental and Social Impacts of our Footwear and Apparel Products Progress on Sustainability Initiatives We are actively pursuing sustainability initiatives to advance our performance and have achieved significant results. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian (Executive Director) Committee members (Independent Non Executive Directors) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian, Ms. Xia Lian Committee member (Designated by the Board) Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group)Committee member (Executive Directors) Mr. Wu Yonghua, Mr. Zheng Jie Sustainability Committee During the financial year, we issued our first green mediumterm notes with a total amount of RMB 500 million to raise funds for the construction of our Shanghai headquarters, a project integrating green space, energysaving design and material application. We also successfully opened a Sustainable Savings Account at Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited and received a Sustainable Savings Certificate, which is a testimony to our longterm commitment to sustainable development. The SAC is a global multistakeholder nonprofit alliance in the consumer goods industry dedicated to reducing the adverse ecological and social impacts of textile manufacturing and sales. During the financial year, we made a successful application for the membership of the SAC, which demonstrated our commitment to the assessment and management of the full lifecycle impact of our footwear and apparel products. We also started making sustainability plans for our footwear and apparel products, formulated clear standards for sustainable accessories, packaging and raw materials, and completed the review of our existing sustainable products. In the future, we will continue to invest in the development of ESG products to meet sustainable standards.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202280 Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. By continuously improving the transparency of our operations and actively collecting and responding to stakeholders expectations and requirements, we achieved mutual benefits and positive interactions with stakeholders and created sustainable values for them. External stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Investment return Corporate governance Information disclosure Conducted oneonone meetings, nondeal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified products Wellrounded customer services Seamless communication channels Conducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier support Conducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growth Hosted trade fairs Organized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anticorruption Organized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Tax payment in accordance with the law Driving regional economic development Organized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&Dand innovation Intellectual property Ensured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailormade, ondemand products Athletes Product performance Product R&Dand innovation Sponsored athletes competition outfit and equipmentSTABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
81 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20224 STEP 4 Internal stakeholders Stakeholder Expectations Communication activities during the financial year Directors Corporate governance Anticorruption Risk management Participated in Board and committee meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact management Participated in the decision making and operations of the Group, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anticorruption Engaged in surveys and participated in online and facetoface staff activities ESG Issues Materiality During the financial year, we engaged an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholders survey and assessment and collected their feedback. This was followed by a materiality analysis to prioritize issues, which provided a reference for the Group to improve its ESG management and efficiently respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. Review and confirmation The evaluation results of the materiality issues were submitted to the Sustainability Committee for review, confirmation and approval Issue assessment Based on the results of the stakeholder survey, we summarized the issue scores, and established a materiality matrix based on their rankings in the Importance to ANTA Sports and Importance to Stakeholders dimensions Stakeholder participation We collected over 1, 660 questionnaires from investors, suppliers, customers, employees, and other internal and external stakeholders, to fully understand the focus of both internal and external stakeholders on ESG issues Issue identification Based on the Group's development strategy and business model, alongside national policies, capital market requirements, and industry development trends, we identified 27 ESG issues by analyzing the areas of concern of all stakeholders and comparing with peer's initiatives 3 STEP 3 2 STEP 2 1 STEP 1 Analysis of Progress in Materiality Determination
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202282 Materiality Topic Category Issues Key Issues Governance Business ethics Environmental Use of chemicals and discharge Social Human rights and labor rights Environmental Waste gas and waste water discharge Social Product quality and safety Social Health and safety Important Issues Governance Corporate governance Social Staff welfare Social Craftsmanship and product innovation Social Customer relations management Environmental Climate change Social Data privacy and protection Social Supply chain management Materiality Topic Category Issues Social Staff development and training Social Diversity and inclusion Environmental GHG emissions Social Sustainable consumption Social Intellectual property management Social Responsible marketing Environmental Use of energy Environmental Use of packaging materials Environmental Use of water resources Environmental Product life cycle Environmental Sustainable raw material sourcing Environmental General waste discharge Fundamental Issues Environmental Biodiversity and land use Social Social investment Our Materiality Matrix in 2022 Key Issues Important Issues Fundamental Issues Importance to Stakeholders Importance to ANTA Sports Social Governance Environmental ANTA ESG Material Issues 2022 Business ethics Biodiversity and land use Social investment Human rights and labor rights Supply chain management Staff welfare Diversity and inclusion Data privacy and protection Product quality and safety Health and safety Waste gas and waste water discharge Product life cycle Use of water resources Climate change Use of packaging materials General waste discharge Sustainable raw material sourcingGHG emissions Use of energy Use of chemicals and discharge Corporate governance Staff development and training Sustainable consumption Customer relations management Craftsmanship and product innovation Responsible marketing Intellectual property managementSTABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
83 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Employees Suppliers Consumers Distributors Investors Government 1 Staff welfare Product quality and safety Product quality and safety Product quality and safety Corporate governance Use of chemicals and discharge 2 Health and safety Human rights and labor rights Data privacy and protection Staff welfare Business ethics Craftsmanship and product innovation 3 Business ethics Business ethics Waste gas and waste water discharge Health and safety Product quality and safety Waste gas and waste water discharge According to the materiality matrix, the changes in the sequence of the top eight key issues compared to 2021 are as follows 2022 2021 1 Business ethics Intellectual property management 2 Use of chemical and discharge Anticorruption 3 Human rights and labor rights Product quality and safety 4 Waste gas and waste water discharge Corporate governance 5 Product quality and safety Health and safety 6 Health and safety Use of chemical and discharge 7 Corporate governance Supply chain management 8 Staff welfare Staff welfare Compared to 2021, we found that during the financial year 1. The overall distribution of issues is rather consistent with that of 2021, and governance issues continue to receive a high level of attention. 2. Among the top eight issues, social issues account for a higher proportion than environmental issues, and human rights and labor rights issues notably moved up in the order of importance. 3. Customer relations management and data privacy and protection have been rated as key issues though it is only the first time for them to be included in the list, indicating they might be elevated to a more important position in the future from stakeholders aspect. 4. The issues of chemical use and discharge, waste gas and waste water emissions, and climate change have all made notable advances in ranking, showing that environmental issues have received more attention compared to the 2021 results. The Top Three Issues Concerned by Key Stakeholders
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202284 Corporate Governance Company Governance We recognise the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, earning the confidence of shareholders and the public. The Board strives to adhere to the principles of corporate governance principles and adopt sound corporate governance practices to meet the legal and commercial standards by focusing on areas including risk management and internal control, fair disclosure and accountability to all Shareholders. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and monitoring of the performance of management team. All Directors are subject to the same legal duties under all applicable laws and the Listing Rules. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the overall interests of the Company as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversified Governance We are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. There are five committees under the Board, namely Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Risk Management Committee and Sustainability Committee. Each committee has formulated specific terms of reference, which are posted on the Company's website (ir. anta. com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange's website (www. hkexnews. hk). Before a Board committee meeting starts, all members of the Board committee shall declare their interests (including the interests of their associates) in respect of the matters to be discussed and or the resolutions tobe approved during the meeting inaccordance with the articles of association of the Company and or the Listing Rules. Incase a member of the Board committee (or his associate) has a material interest in a matter to STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS Committee Director Audit Committee Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Risk Management Committee Sustainability Committee Mr. Ding Shizhong Member Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Member Member Chairman Mr. Wu Yonghua Member Mr. Zheng Jie Member Mr. Bi Mingwei Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Chairman Member Chairman Member Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Member Chairman Chairman Member Ms. Wang Jiaqian Member Member Member Member Ms. Xia Lian Member Member Member Member The Sustainability Committee comprises 1 chairman and 7 members, including Mr. YIU Wai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group). Details of the Board as of 31 December 2022
85 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 be discussed and or a resolution tobe approved during a meeting, other members of the Board committee, for the purpose of avoidance of conflict of interests, shall consider and decide if the member shall abstain from voting in the resolutions and or be absent from the meeting. The committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and are able to seek, at the Company's expenses, independent professional advice as necessary. The committees are able to invite relevant personnel within the Group to attend meetings, and to obtain any information that they require from any other committees and or departments, if they consider necessary, in order to perform their duties. The committees may invite external advisers with relevant experience and expertise to participate and attend committee meetings as and when necessary, and they can review and approve the advisory fees and other terms of engagement of the external advisers. Independent Non Executive Directors Independent Non Executive Directors playa significant role in the Board by virtue of their independent judgment and their views carry significant weight in the Board's decision. In particular, they bring an impartial view to bear on issues of the Company's strategy, performance and control. All Independent Non Executive Directors possess extensive academic, professional and industry expertise and management experience and have provided their professional advices to the Board. The Board also considers that Independent Non Executive Directors can provide independent advice on the Company's business strategy, results and management so that all interests of Shareholders can be taken into account, and the interests of the Company and the Shareholders can be protected. The Company has received annual confirmations of independence from each of the existing Independent Non Executive Directors inaccordance with Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee has assessed the independence of all the Independent Non Executive Directors, and the Board and Nomination Committee consider that all the Independent Non Executive Directors are independent inaccordance with the Listing Rules. Ms. Xia Lian has been appointed as an Independent Non Executive Director by the Board to fill a casual vacancy with effect from 1 July 2022. She holds a bachelor's degree in marketing from the Peking University in China anda master's degree in executive master in change from European Institute of Business Administration (INSEAD). She is currently an executive director and the general manager of Vista Education Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( ) anda director of China Publishing Group Kunlun Media Co. Ltd. ( ), and has over 20 years of experience in business administration and business consultancy. She was employed by Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business from April 2007 The English translation of the company names is for reference only. The official names of these companies are in Chinese. to August 2020 with her last position as an assistant dean. Ms. Xia is an independent director of Shanying International Holding Co., Ltd. ( ) (stock code 600567) listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange. In considering the appointment of Ms. Xia, the Board, with assistance and recommendation from the Nomination Committee, has reviewed the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board from a number of aspects, including but not limited to the professional experience, skills and expertise, that Ms. Xia can bring. In respect of the Independent Non Executive Director appointment of Ms. Xia, the Board has reviewed the qualification and assessed the independence (including the requirements under Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Xia, and the Board is not aware of any circumstance that might influence Ms. Xia in exercising independent judgment, and is satisfied that she has the required character, integrity, independence and experienceto fulfill the role of Independent Non Executive Director and she will be able to maintain an independent view of the Group's affairs. Board Diversity The Board contains a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group's business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non Executive Directors (including Independent Non Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. Board practice
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202286 STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. The Company adopted a board diversity policy in accordance with the requirement setout in the CG Code. The policy aims to setout the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Diversity on the Board can be achieved through consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. In designing the Board's composition, the Company will also take into account factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time. Selection of candidates will be based ona range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. Our Board is composed of members with diverse background and experience, including professionals with similar industry experience, risk management experience, etc. We value the diversity of the Board. In particular, after the appointment of each of Ms. Wang Jiaqian and Ms. Xia Lian as an Independent Non Executive Director on 1 July 2021 and 1 July 2022, respectively, the Board is no longer a Name Mr. Ding Shizhong Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Mr. Wu Yonghua Mr. Zheng Jie Mr. Bi Mingwei Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Ms. Wang Jiaqian Ms. Xia Lian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Female Age 52 58 48 52 54 50 62 66 44 44 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2022) 15 years 15 years 15 years 15 years 13 years 1. 5 years 4. 5 years 2 years 1. 5 years 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital management (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Information management (i) Investor relations (j) Law (k) Manufacturing ( l) Experience role in the Board of other listed companies (m) Operational management (n) Risk management (o) Sales and marketing (p) Supply chain management (q) Treasury management
87 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Board details as of 31 December 2022 The Board consisted of 10 members, including six Executive Directors, and four Independent Non Executive Directors The Board had two female directors The ages of Board members ranged from 44 to 66 A total of four Board members hold executive positions in no more than four other listed companies, including Ms. Wang Jiaqian, who has experience of strategic business operation in the same industry 8 as ANTA SPORTS and currently holds an executive position Name Mr. Ding Shizhong Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Mr. Wu Yonghua Mr. Zheng Jie Mr. Bi Mingwei Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Ms. Wang Jiaqian Ms. Xia Lian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Female Age 52 58 48 52 54 50 62 66 44 44 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2022) 15 years 15 years 15 years 15 years 13 years 1. 5 years 4. 5 years 2 years 1. 5 years 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital management (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Information management (i) Investor relations (j) Law (k) Manufacturing (l) Experience role in the Board of other listed companies (m) Operational management (n) Risk management (o) Sales and marketing (p) Supply chain management (q) Treasury management single gender board. The ratio of female directors raises gradually since 2020. By the end of the financial year, the ratio of female directors has been raised to 20. The Nomination Committee (and the Board) recognises the importance and benefits of gender diversity at the Board level, and shall continue to take initiatives to identify more female candidate(s) to further enhance the gender diversity among the Board members with a target of 30 women in the Board by the end of 2030. 8 The classification standard of the industr y refers to the Global Industry Classification Standard (Level 1).
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202288 ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the identification and management of ESG risks. During the financial year, we built an ESG risk database through stakeholder surveys and analysis of the risk identification practices of our peers, established ESG risk countermeasures and preventive mechanisms in line with our ESG work plan. Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Business ethics Compliance risk Violation of business ethics Potential compliance risks resulting from employees violation of business ethics and code of conduct during the implementation of the anticorruption and integrity mechanism. Key Supplier compliance management system Through wholeprocess supplier management, we have improved the assessment and earlywarning system of supply chain risks, and conducted audit and evaluation of the social responsibility standards of supply chains, including anticorruption, to ensure the operational compliance of our suppliers; Strengthening business ethics training and management We have signed the Integrity and Selfdiscipline Commitment with all our employees and included anticorruption provisions in the Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal constraints on corruption. We also provide business ethics and anticorruption courses and training for the Board, the management team and employees, and strengthen integrity training and education for our employees; Supervision and audit management We make strong efforts to supervise the disciplinary violations of our employees and urge them to honor the basic principle of integrity. We have adopted a Whistleblowing Policy for all employees as well as customers, suppliers and other third parties to regulate the management of whistleblowing complaints. We also provide multiple options of 7 24 independent reporting channels for whistleblowers, including email, hotline, We Chat and mailbox. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
89 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Use of chemicals and discharge Compliance risk Risk associated with chemical use Environmental and potential compliance risks in the selection, use and disposal of chemicals (such as waste glue, treatment agents, dyes, etc.). Key Establishing chemical management standards We have established a series of technical standards, including the Technical Standards on the Safety of Apparel Chemicals, the Manual on the Safety Control of Chemical Products for ANTA Suppliers, and the Technical Standards on the Safety of Chemicals in Apparel, Footwear and Accessories, and continuously improve and revise them to strengthen the control of chemicals; Developing chemical phaseout plan and use list We have published a chemical phaseout plan anda chemical use list, and worked toward reducing or discontinuing the use of harmful and restricted chemicals by using environmentfriendly waterbased glues, reducing the content of volatile organic compounds in waste gas, and reducing the amount of treatment agents used in the shoe production process; Supplier chemical management We have adopted the Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers, Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers and other systems, to ensure effective control of the practices of our supplier partners in all aspects of chemical use. Human rights and labor rights Operational risk Compliance risk Protection of employees human rights and labor rights and interests Insufficient benchmarking of employees human rights with international standards, and inadequate consideration or operational and compliance risks caused by employees working hours, work intensity and basic protection systems Key System of employee rights protection We have joined the UN Global Compact as a signatory, developed an internal management system, actively fulfilled our basic responsibilities in the areas of human rights and labor standards, including prohibition of child labor and forced labor and protection of freedom of collective bargaining and association, and fostered an inclusive corporate culture in multiple dimensions; Strengthening employee communication We have made available both online and offline channels, including suggestion box, cloud platform, whistleblowing mailbox, whistleblowing hotline, and the official We Chat account ANTA Integrity, to strengthen communication with employees, and commission an external organization to conduct satisfaction survey annually on all employees to get their feedback.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202290 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Waste gas and waste water discharge Compliance risk Operational risk Waste gas and waste water discharge Potential compliance and operational risks associated with the improper treatment and discharge of waste gas and waste water under the latest standards. Key Improving the internal management system We have formulated internal rules such as the Wastewater Treatment Operation Procedures to manage the discharge, and at the same time appointed qualified third parties to conduct regular inspection of waste water, waste gas and noise to ensure that waste discharge meets all compliance requirements; Reducing emissions through green production We have worked to reduce waste water waste gas by upgrading processes, reduce VOC emissions with substitute of environmentfriendly materials, and reduce pollutant generation and emissions by improving processing equipment. Strategy risk Compliance risk Investment in environmentfriendly waste treatment The increased spending on environmentfriendly waste treatment will have a potential impact on the Company's operating costs and product prices, thus reducing the economic benefits of the Company. Key Reducing discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals We have developed a chemical plan anda chemical use list, and worked toward reducing or discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals; Reinforcing responsible supplier management We provide training and education on responsible supply chains for our cotton, leather and other materials suppliers. In the future, we will introduce sustainable management regulations on land use, water reduction, chemical safety, etc. to our suppliers to strengthen the Group's green supply chain management requirements; Reducing emissions through green production We have worked to reduce waste water waste gas by upgrading processes, reduce VOC emissions with substitute of environmentfriendly materials, and reduce pollutant generation and emissions by improving processing equipment. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
91 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Product quality and safety Operational risk Risk associated with product quality Potential reputational risk caused by inadequate product quality and quality control, which may threaten the business sustainability. Key Establishing a quality control system covering the whole product lifecycle We have set up quality control markers based on the quality standards of the industry and the Group, including quality assessment, covering the whole process from product R&D to mass production, to provide technical assurance for product safety; Improving quality control mechanisms across all dimensions We continuously improve our quality control mechanisms through quality and safety certification and training, special quality inspection, product recall management and special management regime on chemical safety. Operational risk Risk associated with new materials The use of new materials (such as environmentfriendly materials) may result in higher quality risks and costs. Key Enhancing R&D capability through the industryacademiaresearch cooperation platform We have entered into cooperative relations with several industry partners, and harnessed innovative technologies to improve the professional performance of ANTA products. We have also leveraged the industryacademiaresearch cooperation platform to accelerate the training of professionals and the execution and results conversion of key R&D projects, and explore sports science, new materials, new technologies and new processes; Bolstering quality control capability We have achieved breakthroughs in product quality by strengthening the supplier quality control system, innovating inspection methods, developing differentiated supervision mechanism, and upgrading the consumer quality survey system and product modification mechanism.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202292 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Health and safety Operational risk Risk associated with changes in the health and safety requirements for workers Pandemics, disasters and other external emergencies cause operational risks on the safety of employees at workplace, having a visibly negative impact on the normal business operation of the Company. Key Employee welfare management during the pandemic We provided continuous protection, care and needed supplies to employees during the Pandemic and other emergencies, from the time of isolation to the time of resumption of work; Bolstering health protection for employees We have strengthened the management of employee welfare and provided welfare and health benefits including medical protection, psychological counseling, health knowledge and workplace facilities; Implementing the risk management system We continuously monitor potential risks, and assess and analyze our contingency plans based on the Group's risk management system. Compliance risk Risk associated with occupational health and safety The use of chemicals, occupational diseases, and production in special positions threaten employees health and cause potential compliance risks. Key Improving the structure of production safety management Based on national laws and related regulations and standards, we have formulated the Manual on the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety, the Occupational Health and Safety Regulations and the Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety, and put in place a wellrounded structure of safety production management, coordinated by the Group's President, led by the Group's administrative department and implemented by the Occupational Safety Leadership Group; Building the production safety system We have put in place a safety management system covering safety risk management, safety protection facilities, safety emergency drills, safety incident handling, and safety training and education; Safety system certification With improved safety management structure and mechanism, ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. has obtained three certificates of Quality Management System (ISO 9001), Environmental Management System (ISO 14001) and Occupational Health and Safety Management System (ISO 45001). STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
93 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Craftsmanship and product innovation Strategy risk Product innovation and changing consumer preferences The identity of a professional sportswear and the challenge of technology innovation may make it difficult to meet the demands of newgeneration consumers. Important Investing in the R&D of proprietary technologies We set up a nationallevel sports science laboratory, and established global design and R&D centers and Italy to invest in our own R&D work; Strengthen quality innovation We have set up a team of more than 200 international design and R&D experts from 18 countries and regions. This international design team has helped the Company build innovation capacity and innovation culture, and develop innovative product designs that have been successfully applied in the product lines of ANTA, DESCENTE, FILA and several other brands. Strategy risk Risk associated with the environmental technology of products The risk of losing in market competition due to the environmental requirements on products and lack of progress in technology development. Important Setting lowcarbon product development targets We have set quantitative targets including the proportions for sustainable products, sustainable raw materials and sustainable packaging to drive the development of lowcarbon products; Developing technical specifications on sustainable products We have formulated the sustainable product standards, certification standards and sustainable design guidelines, and adopted the Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products to drive the development of products; Joining the SAC to promote the development of the industry.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202294 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Climate change Operation risk Operational risk associated with climate change Climate change leads to changes in the market environment and regulatory requirements, and puts operational pressure on the supply chain stability and production of the Company, with possible consequences of rising costs. Important Establishing the governance structure We have put in place an ESG management structure with the Board at the highest decisionmaking level, providing effective oversight of issues including climate change response, and established a governance structure with the Sustainability Committee taking up the responsibility for identifying and assessing climate risks and opportunities, developing climate risk response strategy, and evaluating the Company's annual performance in delivering the energy conservation carbon reduction targets and other climate change and energyrelated key performance indicators; Establishing scenario analysis to identify risk We have constructed three comparative scenarios based on three action paths, i. e. optimistic, neutral and negative, with considerations given to business, brand groups and value chain segments, and identified important physical and transitional risks; Setting strategic goals for coexisting with the environment We have set 1 3 5 strategic goals, aiming to achieve the objective of carbon neutrality by 2050, to drive the Group's lowcarbon development in the long run. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
95 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Data privacy and protection Compliance risk Privacy and data protection The security and stability of data security and consumer privacy protection systems may have a significant impact on the Company's business operation and result in compliance risks Important Building the matrix of information security management systems We have put in place an information security management matrix consisting of 28 information security systems, and conduct regular review and update; Performing internal and external audits on information security We set up a Personal Information Protection Office at the supervision level to coordinate the management of personal information protection in the Group, and conduct annual Groupwide internal audits and external audits by qualified third parties; Strengthen information security training We promote information security awareness among all employees. We continuously carry out annual information security awareness training and provide relevant information security courses on the online learning platform of ANTA Academy; System assessment and system certification We regularly carry out penetration testing of our special application systems and conduct comprehensive security penetration assessment of systems involving user data processing. We have obtained ISO 27001 certification.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202296 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Supply chain management Operational risk Risk associated with supply chain stability Climate change, pandemic, length of retention of raw materials (e. g. cotton) or other external risks affecting supply chain stability, with potential negative impact on business operations Important Improving the supply chain risk assessment and earlywarning mechanism We regularly identify and assess supply chain risks in aspects including business environment, materials supply and social impact, and formulate countermeasures and preventive mechanisms for different types of risks that have been identified as undermining the stability of the supply chain; Formulating procurement contingency plan We have formulated the Procurement Contingency Plan of the Group and introduced prevention and response plans for various risks to reduce and avoid the impact of supply chain risks on the Company; Strengthening insight over external trends We continuously observe the evolving trend in the external environment to ensure wellrounded and timely consideration of any risks that may impact our operations. Operational risk Risk associated with supplier compliance Inadequate supplier audit, certification and performance management assessment may produce suppliers with low supply chain transparency as well as ESG risks, including labor risks and environmental governance, thus affecting the Company's production and reputation Important Improving the supplier management system We have formulated the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers, the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook and other systems to ensure systematic and standardized social responsibility management of all our suppliers and their contractors; Full process management of suppliers We conduct standardized audit of suppliers in accordance with the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel Suppliers, Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers and other management rules throughout the process of supplier selection and admittance, classified management, evaluation and audit; Strengthening integrity management and training of suppliers We have adopted anticommercial bribery initiative, made public complaint and reporting channels, and highlighted the importance of integrity in suppliers training to enhance their awareness of integrity and anticorruption. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
97 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Risk issues Risk description Type of risk Order of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Intellectual property management Compliance risk Risk associated with intellectual property dispute Inadequate protection of intellectual property and original product may lead to potential risks Important Setting up internal intellectual property systems We systematically formulate internal systems for intellectual property management, trademark management, patent management, brand protection, and the prevention and control of intellectual property risks, and regularly improve and update them; Strengthening the training mechanism We actively carry out intellectual property training to raise employees awareness of intellectual property protection; Promoting the brand protection campaign We stand committed to protecting intellectual property, and take actions to fight counterfeiting and intellectual property violations and protect the brand; Expanding the applications for invention patent licensing We have actively expanded the applications for invention patent licensing and utility patents to advance the protection of intellectual property; Implementing the risk audit mechanism We strictly implement the risk audit mechanism, and integrate the audit of intellectual property risks into the whole business process, including product design, advertising and nonproduction procurement.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202298 Business Ethics Anticorruption Policy The Company is committed to pursuing ethical and anticorruption business practices with a high standard of integrity and zero tolerance to corruption. To this end, the Company has adopted an anticorruption policy to complement all applicable anticorruption laws andregulations and to achieve the Company's desired anticorruption culture. The Group (including any Directors and employees) should comply with the relevant anticorruption laws and regulations in the PRC (including the Supervision Law of the PRC), Hong Kong SAR and other countries or regions as applicable. The Group prohibits all forms of political contributions that contravene the legal requirements of the countries or regions as applicable. The Group strictly prohibits charitable donations from being used for bribery or corruption, and ensures that charitable donations and sponsorships are compliant, legal and ethical. The anticorruption policy is applicable to all Directors (including the Independent Non Executive Directors), all employees of the Group at all levels, external parties having business dealings with the Group (including suppliers, services providers, business partners, etc.) and persons acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group (e. g. agents, consultants and contractors of the Group). Directors and employees of the Group shall uphold at all times the Group'score value of integrity, honesty, fairness, impartiality and ethical business practices. Directors and employees of the Group should not accept any advantage from any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group, whether or not any undue favor is involved. They may only accept (but not solicit) an advantage when such advantage is offered on a voluntary basis and such advantage is disclosed to and approved by the Group. If a Director or an employee is unsure as to whether the acceptance of an advantage could (i) affect the proper discharge of his duties or (ii) place such Director or employee under an obligation to act against the Group's interests, he should always decline to accept the advantage. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
99 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Directors and employees of the Group shall avoid any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest with the Group, and should declare any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest as appropriate. Directors and employees of the Group shall not give any advantage to any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group for inappropriate advantage or any other illegitimate purpose. Directors and employees of the Group shall not, in their personal capacity or acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group, provide any form of facilitation payments to any individual or entity. Any breach of the anticorruption policy should be reported to the Company through reporting channels under the whistleblowing policy of the Company, whether it is known who may be responsible for the breach or how it may have occurred. The Company takes reports of corruption seriously, and may conduct investigations pursuant to the whistleblowing policy of the Company if necessary. Material incidents relating to breaches of the anticorruption policy shall be brought to the attention of the Board by the Risk Management Committee. Risk Management Committee would regularly review the implementation and effectiveness of the anticorruption policy (including ethical standards) to ensure that the policy remains relevant to the Company's needs and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice, and would also discuss and consider any revisions that may be required. For further details of the anticorruption policy, please refer to the full text of the policy posted on the Company's website (ir. anta. com). Internal Supervision and Management We follow the Company's anticorruption policy and the related internal execution systems, comply with the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, and other national laws and regulations, and have established internal codes of conduct, such as the Employee Handbook, to set forth requirements for the conduct of all employees, suppliers, subsidiaries and joint ventures, and to clarify the Company's requirements, zerotolerance and penalties in the areas of anticorruption and bribery, antidiscrimination, information security, conflict of interest, anticompetition, antimoney laundering and insider trading. We also provide training on ethical standards to all employees, contactors and other relevant parties. For our employees, we link their compliance with our code of conduct to their remuneration and performance appraisal. All of our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Selfdiscipline Commitment and we have added anticorruption clauses in our standard Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal anticorruption measures. During the financial year, we have strengthened the supervision of employees personal disciplinary violations and urged them to honor the basic principle of integrity. In addition, we joined the Sunshine Integrity Alliance and the Corporate Anti Fraud Alliance as a member in 2019 to learn from the experience of excellent companies and improve our internal anticorruption system. We reached an antifraud consensus with alliance companies during the financial year by sharing the list of untrustworthy individuals and promising to refuse to hire these untrustworthy individuals who engaged in unethical or immoral activity. Building Integrity Culture We proactively build an anticorruption culture and use both online and offline training to promote integrity culture to the Board, management and employees (including parttime and contractors), with a coverage rate close to 100. We have explored innovative forms of education, such as the promotion video on integrity culture, the animation Healthy Workplace and online quiz of anticorruption knowledge, and promoted their dissemination through our corporate account on social media, special website on corporate culture and the Group's video channels. We have
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022100 adopted lively and easytounderstand means of presentation to explain our anticorruption systems and measures, and conducted cautionary education with typical cases of violations. We also organize visits to anticorruption and cautionary education bases and special offline training for our employees to strengthen their anticorruption awareness. We value the integrity of our suppliers and stand committed to working with them to build a fair and clean business environment and eliminate any form of corrupt practices. Inaccordance with the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers, we signed an Anti Commercial Bribery Agreement with suppliers, and received an integrity undertaking from suppliers at the admittance stage, requesting suppliers to establish anticorruption policies and have programs to verify compliance. We persist in supervising and managing the integrity performance of our suppliers, and require the audit and supervision department to conduct independent investigation on suppliers suspected of violating the anticorruption responsibility clause. Once confirmed, they will be resolutely dismissed and held accountable for the relevant legal responsibilities in accordance with the law. Meanwhile, we promote integrity education to suppliers through various channels, including supplier conferences and social media, to enhance their awareness of the importance of integrity and anticorruption. Whistleblowing Policy The Group is committed to achieving and maintaining the high probity standards and ethical business practices and encouraging reporting of concerns of actual or suspected misconduct or malpractice by any employees and or external parties in any matter related to the Group. The Company has adopted a whistleblowing policy to create a system for employees and other persons or entities who deal with the Group (e. g. customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Risk Management Committee (designated by the Board with relevant authorities) about possible improprieties relating to the Group. The identity of the whistleblower would be treated with the strictest confidence. The whistleblowing system established under the policy is intended to cultivate a culture of openness and transparency in the Group; to maintain internal corporate justice; to encourage employees and other persons or entities dealing with the Group to raise concerns about possible improprieties relating to the Group and to provide them with confidential reporting channels for such purposes; and to enable the Company to detect and deter or remedy a misconduct or malpractice in the Group before serious damage is caused. The whistleblowing policy is applicable to all employees of the Group at all levels and to other persons or entities who deal with the Group (e. g. customers and suppliers). Whistleblowers may choose to report a misconduct to the designated ethics officers (being the Chairman and the chairman of the Risk Management Committee) or the Group's internal audit department. When making a report, although the whistleblower may be unable to provide conclusive proof or evidence, the report of misconduct made under the whistleblowing policy shall include full disclosure of any relevant or material information to the extent possible. The Company is committed to exerting its best effort to keep all reports by whistleblower confidential and privileged to the fullest extent permitted by law, and handle the reports in a timely manner. Any person making a genuine and appropriate report in good faith under the policy will be assured of fair treatment, and should not be subject to any unwarranted disciplinary action or unfair dismissal as a result of making such report. The Company strictly prohibits any retaliation and will make the best effort to take reasonable measures in order to protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Persons who victimise or retaliate against those who have genuinely raised concerns in good faith under this Policy will be subject to disciplinary actions, and the identity of such person maybe disclosed to internal STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS
101 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Key performance in 2022 We did not have any corruptionrelated litigation cases. During the financial year, we received 172 reports in total, involving 127 violations from retail channels, 17 management issues, and 28 integrity and ethics issues. The reports received have been investigated and handled by dedicated personnel according to internal rules, and we provided training for employees. During the financial year, the signing rate of the Anti Commercial Bribery Agreement by suppliers reached 67. 6. or external investigators, or relevant law enforcement agencies or governmental, judicial or regulatory bodies for appropriate action without notifying such person to the extent permitted by law. Should circumstances arise in which the Company is required to disclose the whistleblower s identity, the Company will, to the extent permitted bylaw, endeavor to inform the whistleblower that his identity is likely tobe disclosed, and the Company will endeavor to protect the reasonable interest of the whistleblower. All reports must be made in good faith. Persons making a report on any misconduct under the whistleblowing policy should exercise duecare in ensuring accuracy of the information they report to the ethics officers or the internal audit department. The Group reserves the right to take appropriate actions against any person who knowingly or irresponsibly makes false allegations or malicious allegations, including but not limited to disclosing the identity of such person to internal or external investigators, or relevant lawenforcement agencies or governmental, judicial or regulatory bodies for appropriate action without notifying such person to the extent permissible by law. The Group also reserves its right to take any actions against such person to recover any loss or damages resultedfrom the false report. Employees who make a false report maybe subject to disciplinary actions, including dismissal, where appropriate. The Risk Management Committee would regularly review the implementation and effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy to ensure that the policy remains relevant to the Company's needs and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice, and will also discuss and consider any revisions that may be required. For further details of the whistleblowing policy, please refer to the full text of the policy posted on the Company's website (ir. anta. com). Whistleblowing Report Handling To strengthen internal and external whistleblowing supervision, effectively combat corruption and fraud, and create an honest, wellregulated work environment, we have adopted a whistleblowing policy and related internal execution systems for all employees aswell as customers, suppliers and other third parties to regulate the management of whistleblowing. We provide multiple options of 7 24 independent reporting channels for whistleblowers, including email, hotline, We Chat and mailbox. We also have dedicated investigators with professional skills to investigate and handle whistleblowing reports, and notify whistleblowers of the results where permitted bylaw. We promise to strictly protect the lawful rights of whistleblowers and prohibit any retaliation against whistleblowers. We accept anonymous reports and have multiple protection measures in place to prevent retaliation, especially for entities or individuals who make whistleblowing reports in their real names.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022102 Shortterm Compliance and review Awareness cultivation System construction Compliance stage Follower Mediumterm Social engagement System implementation Project counseling Corporate social responsibility Participant Longterm International participation Product sustainability System upgrade Corporate sustainability Leader To deliver the vision of Becoming a Leading Multi Brand Sportswear Group in the World, we hope to seize market opportunities to drive our own development, and strive to promote sustainability in the upstream and downstream of the ecosystem and the industry. We have developed a fundamental framework for sustainable development, which is divided into the following three stages Follower, Participant and Leader. On the path to sustainable development, we are now in the stages of Participant, as we aim to respond to international initiatives and formulate longterm goals and strategies. We firmly believe that as long as we keep moving towards our set objectives, we will definitely grow into a Leader in the sustainable development. Sustainability will playa key role in our future development plans, and our sustainability strategy and 1 3 5 strategic goals will guide our sustainability practices. Building on the accomplishment of all of our planned work for 2022, we will continue to advance and revise our work plans in the areas of consumers, employees, partners, society and the environment in order to achieve our medium and longterm goals. Current stagePROSPECTS
103 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Goals Progress in 2022 1. Adhere to the three core cultural propositions Consumeroriented, Benchmarking with High Standard, Leaders as Role Model and continue to maintain our industryleading employment standards and work environment Giving care to employees in clothing, food, housing, transportation, and physical and mental health Clothing We offer gift cards, staff discounts and discount coupons etc. to our employees for our branded products Food Our oceanview restaurant offers a variety of nutritious and tasty food, and many highquality vegetables are supplied directly from our farms Housing We provide affordable staff dormitories, housing subsidies, and interestfree loans under our Sweet Home Plan to help relieve our employees financial burden Transportation We provide shuttle bus and free parking space, and overtime transportation reimbursement, etc. Physical and mental health We have in place supplementary medical insurance, paid sick leave, a free gym, fitness classes and sports clubs, health checkups, anda hotline to attend to employees mental health needs Mutualism with Employees Goal Progress in 2022 1. Establish a definite and solid consumer ESG mindset, enabling consumers to realize circular consumption Clearly defined the direction and initial strategy of ESG mindset building for each brand Mutualism with Consumers
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022104 Goals Progress in 2022 2. Establish an industryleading, efficient and attractive compensation system and invest more in the longterm employee incentive scheme We shared the rewards of the Company's growth with our employees. In addition to yearend performance bonus, we granted share incentives to more than 3, 700 employees at the manager level or above 3. Step up the cultivation of young talents and attract young talents to work in the Group During the financial year, we recruited over 17, 000 college graduates and young talents (age below 35) to join the Group 4. Provide employees with a broad career platform and improve the multitiered structure of global talent pool We pushed forward the building of the internal leadership development system and the internal talent pool, and launched a special career program to attract young talents 5. Increase the proportion of female executives (director level and above)As of 31 December 2022, the proportion of female executives (director level and above) was 36. 1, up by 1. 4 percentage point over the previous year (31 December 2021 34. 7 ) 6. Offer employment opportunities to the disabled and the underprivileged As of 31 December 2022, we had 44 employees with disabilities. Under Hemin Student Sponsorship program, and Hemin Health Assistance program, during the financial year, the number of beneficiaries were 66 people in total Mutualism with Partners Goals Progress in 2022 1. Empower suppliers and improve supplier governance capabilities We joined SAC, and formulated the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers and the The Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook as the standard for supplier management 2. Enhance supply chain transparency 3. Optimize the supplier management policies and systemPROSPECTS
105 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Goals Progress in 2022 1. One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital during the financial year, to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region's capacity of medical services 2. One poverty alleviation project During the financial year, the Hemin Foundation set up Hemin Health Assistance program and Hemin Student Sponsorship program, to enable timely medical treatment to the participants of medical insurance schemes in Jinjiang and help children from financiallystrapped households to complete their university studies. 3. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation setup by the founding family of the Group established the program dedicated to supporting the active or retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties in the future 4. One sports education project We have launched the Sturdy Growth Charity Project since 2017, and partnered with the China Youth Development Foundation and the ADream Foundation on its joint implementation. With the vision of Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities, the project focuses on youth sports, and helps young people in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support of product donation, moral education and sports training 5. One ecological protection project We joined hands with the One Planet Foundation to organize the Panda Tour in Xiamen and protect the finless porpoise, promote the concept of Moving to Nature, and build ANTA Forest to protect the forest ecosystem Mutualism with the Society
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022106 PROSPECTS Mutualism with the Environment Goals Progress in 2022 1 overall goal Carbon neutrality by 2050 During the financial year, we prepared and formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. We also plan to set carbon reduction targets for our business in accordance with the SBTi standard, covering our core products and the whole value chain, including supplier, production, logistics and retail, and take active actions to promote carbon reduction. 3 zeroes By 2030 Net zero carbon emissions in selfowned operating facilities Zero use of virgin plastic in selfowned operating facilities Zero landfill of selfgenerated product ion waste In cooperation with external consulting institutions, we conducted basic inventory and verification on the carbon emissions of our seven selfowned operating factories, three operation buildings and one logistics center in accordance with ISO 140641 2008; We issued green bonds for our Shanghai headquarters, which is still under construction and meets green building standards. 5 50 By 2030 Increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50 Use sustainable packaging for 50 of products Apply 50 sustainable raw materials Replace 50 of fuel used for transportation in our selfowned operating facilities with clean fuels Replace 50 of strategic partners energy consumption with renewable energy We conducted a stock take of the sustainable products currently, and adopted the Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products; We defined sustainable packaging and we are actively promoting the use of sustainable packaging for our branded products, reducing the use of virgin plastic packaging and continuously increasing the proportion of sustainable packaging for our products.
107 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies A. Environment National Catalogue of Hazardous Wastes Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Nature Reserves Regulations on the Management of Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Standardized Management Specifications for Production of Packaging Boxes Office Management Policy Central Air Conditioning Turn On Off Control Standards Wastewater Treatment Operation Procedures Solid Waste Management Regulations Hazardous Chemicals Management Regulations Hazardous Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Responsibility System Hazardous Waste Warehouse Storage Standards Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Management System Cost Savings Measures for Industrial Park Letter on Energy Conservation, Energy Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park B 1. Employment Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor Minors Protection Law of the People's Republic of China Employees Labor Contract Social Recruitment Management System of ANTA Group Campus Recruitment Management Regulations Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy Employee Handbook Rewards and Discipline Policy Remuneration Policy Management Policy for Individual Performance Management Policy for Individual Performance of Group Retail Regional Office Management Policy for the Individual Performance of Group Production Employees or below the Manager Level Management Policy for Excessincentive Management Policy for Ecommerce Platform Staff Welfare Management Policy
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022108 APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B 2. Health and safety Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Fire Control Law of the People's Republic of China Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China Law of Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases of the People's Republic of China Emergency Response Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on Work Related Injury Insurance Administrative Provisions on the Work Safety License of Construction Enterprises Regulations on the Reporting, Investigation and Disposition of Work Safety Accidents Environmental Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use Occupational Health and Safety Management systems Requirements with Guidance for Use Warning Signs for Occupational Hazards in the Workplace Management Regulations for the Occupational Disease Hazard Notification and Warning Sign of Employers Occupational Health and Safety Regulations Manual on the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Measures for Implementing the System of Production Safety Responsibility Work Related Injury Prevention and Treatment Mechanism Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety B 3. Development and training Training Operation Management Policy Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy Import and Export Training Operation Management Policy ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy Campus Recruitment Retail Management Trainee Development Program Policy on Promotion Management Policy on the Ranking Adjustment of the Group's Retail Staff and Store Managers
109 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B 4. Labor standards Labor Law of the People's Republic of China Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor Law of the People's Republic of China on Protection of Minors The Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy ANTA Group Campus Recruitment Management Measures Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy Rewards and Discipline Policy B 5. Supply chain management Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers Anti Commercial Bribery Agreement Supplier Management System for Brand Protection Procurement Contingency Plan of the Group Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel Suppliers Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers Group Procurement Supplier Performance Appraisal Management Policy Chemicals Safety Management Measures on Footwear Products Apparel Supplier MISPerformance Appraisal Management Mechanism
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022110 ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B 6. Product responsibility Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China Patent Law of the People's Republic of China Civil Code of the People's Republic of China Fire Control Law of the People's Republic of China Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China Consumer Rights Law of the People's Republic of China Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China ECommerce Law of the People's Republic of China Internet Security Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China Emergency response plan for internet security incidents Intellectual Property Management Policy Patent Application Process Protocols for Defending Rights against Counterfeiting Intellectual Property Review Management Policy Product Intellectual Property Risk Management Process Technical Standards on the Safety of Apparel Chemicals Manual on the Safety Control of Chemical Products for ANTA Suppliers Technical Standards on the Safety of Chemicals in Apparel, Footwear and Accessories Standards for the Appearance of Clothing Lining Materials Quality Standards on Child Safety Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products Product Standard Formulation and Revision Regulations Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control Quality Management Manual ANTA Group Product Safety Standards Formulation and Revision Regulations ANTA Recall Management Policy APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH
111 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies Chemicals Safety Management Measures on Footwear Products Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers Customer Service Management Policy Standard Operating Procedures Terminal Activities Management Regulations Penalty Rules of the Information Security Regulations Rewards and Discipline Policy Validity Measurement Procedures Internet Access Management Policy Personal Information Protection Management Policy Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards Data Sharing Process Information Security Incident Management Policy Application System Development and Maintenance Safety Management Regulations System Access Management Regulations B 7. Anticorruption Company Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China Anti Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People's Republic of China Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China Employee Handbook Integrity and Selfdiscipline Commitment Anti Corruption Policy Whistleblowing Policy Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers Auditing and Supervision Policy Group Business Gift Management Policy Management Accountability Policy Exit Audit Policy B 8. Community investment Protocol of ANTA Group for the Management of Charitable Donation Sports Equipment Donation Process of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022112 List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A 1 Emissions General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tons) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
113 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tons) and where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS KPI A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS A 2 Use of resources General disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022114 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS KPI A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table A 3 Environment and natural resources General disclosure Policies on minimizing the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT A 4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT KPI A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENTFRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
115 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB 1 Employment General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fullor parttime), age group and geographical region. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. ESG Key Performance Index Data Table
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022116 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT B 3 Development and training General disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT KPI B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
117 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENTAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labor. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT KPI B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLECENTERED DEVELOPMENT Operation practices B 5 Supply Chain Management General disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATIONAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION KPI B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WINWIN COOPERATION
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022118 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION KPI B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION KPI B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATIONAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
119 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B 7 Anticorruption General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESSAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS KPI B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table Community B 8 Social investment General disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTSAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH KPI B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labor needs, health, culture, sport). GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTS KPI B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFARE AND SPORTSESG Key Performance Index Data Table
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022120 ESG Key Performance Index Data Table Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 A. Environmental 1 Aspect A 1 EmissionsA 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data 2 Particulates Ton 3. 69 3. 87 Not disclosed Sulfur oxides Ton 0. 00 0. 14 Not disclosed Nitrogen oxide Ton 1. 03 1. 26 Not disclosed Waste water 3 Ton 1, 142, 461 Not disclosed Not disclosed A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions and intensity Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions 4 Ton of CO 2 equivalent 4, 820 2, 772 2, 713 Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions 5 Ton of CO 2 equivalent 173, 974 142, 682 90, 552 Total greenhouse gas emissions Ton of CO 2 equivalent 178, 794 145, 454 93, 265 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 0. 09 0. 05 Not disclosed Scope 2 greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 3. 24 2. 90 Not disclosed Total greenhouse gas emission intensity Ton of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB 3. 33 2. 95 2. 63 1 We adopted the Operation Control Method to compile and convert the environmental data in 2022 and 2021, and did not convert the data of each unit according to shareholding ratio; while in 2020 and before, we adopted the Equity Ratio Method to adjust the overall data according to shareholding ratio. 2 Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulates) are mainly from emissions from the Group's manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. 3 Waste water data are obtained from the industrial and domestic waste water of the Group's manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. 4 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from direct greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption (such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas) during operation production process and the refrigerants emission. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of refrigerants compared to 2021, adding ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. and the Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. 5 Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group's operation production process, calculated with reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO 2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 is adopted from Notice on the management of greenhouse gas emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 (Huanban Qihou 2023 No. 43). In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
121 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect A 1 EmissionsA 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced 6 Ton 335. 4 24. 1 17 Hazardous waste intensity Kg Revenue per million RMB 6. 25 0. 49 Not disclosed A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced and intensity Total nonhazardous waste produced 7 Ton 9, 204 3, 249 2, 359 Nonhazardous waste intensity Ton Revenue per million RMB 0. 17 0. 07 Not disclosed Aspect A 2 Use of ResourcesA 2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 8 Gasoline k Wh 366, 546 889, 062 313, 192 Diesel k Wh 199, 930 255, 379 152, 407 Natural gas k Wh 14, 504, 389 11, 895, 520 12, 704, 352 Purchased electricity 9 k Wh 265, 058, 740 205, 233, 867 110, 175, 714 Purchased steam k Wh 57, 573, 558 60, 989, 345 60, 770, 785 Total energy consumption MWh 337, 703 279, 263 Not disclosed Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB 6. 29 5. 66 Not disclosed 6 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group's manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the office building in Xiamen, the FILA office building, Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and the hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. 7 Nonhazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of nonhazardous waste of the Group's manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of nonhazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building, Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. and Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd., and the nonhazardous waste data in 2022 increased. 8 Energy consumption (unit k Wh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and p urchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB 25892020). 9 The purchased electricity data are obtained from the purchased electricity volume of the Group's manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities, logistics facility and store facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion thus the purchased electricity data in 2022 increased.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022122 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect A 2 Use of ResourcesA 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 429, 691 1, 424, 207 1, 684, 010 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB 26. 7 28. 9 47 A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference toper unit produced Total packaging material consumption Ton 24, 064 21, 944 12, 283 Intensity of packaging material consumption Ton Revenue per million RMB 0. 45 0. 44 Not disclosed B. Social Aspect B 1 EmploymentB 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type 10, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees 10 Person 59, 000 52, 000 41, 000 By gender Male 24. 9 26. 0 27. 1 Female 75. 1 74. 0 72. 9 By function Office employees 19. 5 20. 6 Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 22. 1 22. 7 Not disclosed Retail employees 58. 4 56. 7 Not disclosed By rank President level 0. 1 0. 1 Not disclosed Director level 1. 3 1. 3 Not disclosed Manager level 6. 5 6. 4 Not disclosed Officers and others 73. 4 72. 5 Not disclosed Production staff 18. 7 19. 7 Not disclosed 10 The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 2, 870 other types of workers, such as temporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
123 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B 1 Employment By age group 1624 13. 6 15. 4 11. 6 2540 74. 0 73. 0 74. 3 41 and above 12. 4 11. 6 14. 1 By geographical region Mainland China 99. 3 99. 2 Not disclosed Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 0. 7 0. 8 Not disclosed B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 11 Total employee turnover rate 35. 7 34. 6 Not disclosed By gender Male 40. 0 39. 4 Not disclosed Female 34. 1 32. 7 Not disclosed By age group 1624 50. 7 47. 4 Not disclosed 2540 33. 3 32. 0 Not disclosed 41 and above 26. 3 28. 5 Not disclosed By geographical region Mainland China 35. 7 34. 6 Not disclosed Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 37. 3 34. 8 Not disclosed 11 In 2022, the employee turnover rate is calculated based on our latest standards and the 2021 employee turnover rate is adjusted retrospectively. Overall employee turnover rate number of leaving employees during the financial year (number of employees at the end of the financial year number of leaving employees during the financial year) x 100. Employee turnover rate by category number of leaving employees of that category during the financial year (number of employees of that category at the end of the financial year number of leaving employees of that category during the financial year) x 100. Employee turnover includes the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are laborintensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022124 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B 2 Health and SafetyB 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 12 Number of workrelated fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of workrelated fatalities 0 0 0 B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury 13 Office employees Day 1, 060 422 295. 5 Production and logistics staff 14 Day 2, 269 2, 313 1, 815 Retail employees Day 4, 121 2, 078 493 Aspect B 3 Development and TrainingB 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 15 Percentage of employees trained 92. 5 79. 7 Not disclosed Employees trained by gender Male 23. 7 23. 0 Not disclosed Female 76. 3 77. 0 Not disclosed Employees trained by rank President level 0. 1 0. 1 Not disclosed Director level 1. 4 1. 4 Not disclosed Manager level 6. 9 7. 1 Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 3 77. 6 Not disclosed Production staff 19. 3 13. 8 Not disclosed 12 Data obtained from the human resources department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. 13 The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injury data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. The number of workrelated injuries in 2022 increased by 3 compared with 2021, while the number of workrelated injuries of retail employees in 2022 decreased compared with 2021. We are committed to continuously refine our occupational and health security management system, enhance safety guarantees and training. 14 The scope of data reporting covers production and logistics staff in 2022 and 2021, and factor y employees in 2020, with no retrospective adjustments. 15 The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employ ees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant category (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
125 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B 3 Development and Training Employees trained by function Office employees 20. 9 21. 9 Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 19. 2 15. 1 Not disclosed Retail employees 59. 9 63. 0 Not disclosed B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category 16 Average training hours Hour 29. 1 17. 6 Not disclosed Average training hours by gender Male employee average training hours Hour 37. 0 14. 4 Not disclosed Female employee average training hours Hour 26. 5 18. 7 Not disclosed Average training hours by rank President level Hour 23. 9 6. 33 Not disclosed Director level Hour 78. 7 19. 3 Not disclosed Manager level Hour 85. 8 19. 7 Not disclosed Officers and others Hour 29. 3 19. 6 Not disclosed Production staff Hour 5. 12 7. 61 Not disclosed Average training hours by function Office employees Hour 81. 9 17. 0 Not disclosed Production and logistics staff Hour 4. 34 7. 13 Not disclosed Retail employees Hour 20. 9 21. 1 Not disclosed 16 Average training hours per employee total training hours total number of employees. Average training hours for employees in relevant categories total number of training hours for employees in the specified category number of employees in the specified category.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022126 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B 5 Supply Chain ManagementB 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region 17 Total number of suppliers Number 524 459 720 Suppliers in China 96. 0 95. 9 96. 9 Suppliers overseas 4. 0 4. 1 3. 1 B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented 18 Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 92. 4 96. 6 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certification Number 257 267 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certification Number 184 162 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 111 65 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with Bluesign certification Number 38 45 40 17 The scope of data reporting is the number of ANT A and FILA suppliers managed by the Group's procurement department, including the number of Tier 1 suppliers, and some Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. To maintain consistency, the number of suppliers 2021 is adjusted retrospectively. 18 The scope of data reporting is the number of ANT A and FILA suppliers managed by the Group's procurement department, including the number of Tier 1 suppliers, and some Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW
127 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B 6 Product ResponsibilityB 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products 0. 01 Not applicable 0. 01 B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 19 Product complaints Case 290, 439 20294, 924 205, 011 21 Among which Footwear 69. 4 63. 8 56. 0 Apparel 29. 4 35. 0 42. 4 Accessories 1. 2 1. 2 1. 6 Service complaints Case 9, 903 6, 060 Not disclosed Aspect B 7 AnticorruptionB 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices Case 0 1 0 B 7. 3 Anticorruption training provided to directors and employees Anticorruption training for top management and Board members 22 Number of participants 804 728 Not disclosed Anticorruption training for office employees 100 100 Not disclosed Anticorruption training for Board members 100 100 Not disclosed Aspect B 8 Community InvestmentB 8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 23 65 32 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 200 Over 270 Over 100 19 The scope of data is ANT A and the FILA brand. 20 The scope of statistics includes quality returns, 400 hotline complaints and online complaints. 21 The scope of data is quality returns. 22 The scope of data is president and director level.
ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022128 GLOSSARY AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company (with internationally recognised brands including Arc teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance, Atomic, etc.) incorporated in the Republic of Finland, anda subsidiary owned by ajoint venture of the Company ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) APEC Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BOARD Board of Directors BSCI Business Social Compliance Initiative CG CODE Corporate Governance Code setout in Appendix 14 to the Listing RulesCHAIRMAN Chairman of the board of directors of the Company CHINA PRC People's Republic of China CO 2 Carbon dioxide CO 2 equivalent Carbon dioxide equivalent DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DIRECTOR(S) Director(s) of the Company DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the Company FAIS Factory Automation Interconnection SystemFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The subbrand of FILA, which offers youth's trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FSC Forest Stewardship Council GHG Greenhouse gas GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries GRS Global Recycled Standard HONG KONG HONG KONG SAR The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
129 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 INDEPENDENT NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent nonexecutive director(s) of the Company IPCC United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) LWG Leather working group MACAO MACAO SAR The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC MAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan regionMIS Manufacturing Index System NGFS Central Banks and Supervisors Network for Greening the Financial System NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Nonexecutive director(s) of the Company PANDEMIC 2019 novel coronavirus disease PE Polyethylene R&D Research and development REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC SAC Sustaintable Apparel CoalitionSBTi Science Based Targets initiative SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SLCP Social & Labor Convergence Program STeP Sustainable Textile & Leather Production SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The sustainability committee of the Company TCFD Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures UNGC United Nations Global Compact WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable Development WCA Workplace Conditions Assessment WWF World Wildlife Fund YEAR The year ended 31 December 2022
If you have any inquiries, please contact ANTA Sports Products Limited Sustainability Department Address 1 6 F, Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, K owloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong SAR Telephone ( 852) 2116 1660 Fax ( 852) 2116 1590 Email esg anta. com. hk Concept and Design - Mens Creation Ltd. www. menscreation. hk Pr oduction and Printing - JAN Financial Press Limited www. Janfp. com
