CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023
ABOUT THIS REPORT This Report is the second voluntary Sustainability Report of the BMW Group China, covering the calendar year from January 1 st, 2023 to December 31 st, 2023, with some contents extended over to 2024. The BMW Group China will report sustainability progress on an annual basis. The eastern cattle egret, a national secondclass protected animal, is mostly a resident bird in the regions south of the Yangtze River in China, while in the areas north of the Yangtze River, it is mainly a summer migrant. The BMW Lydia plant in China, with nearly 1. 5 million square meters of green area, provides abundant food resources fora large number of eastern cattle egrets, making it an ideal habitat for these birds. As of August 2023, more than a hundred cattle egrets have been living here. Some of them regularly forage in the factory area from morning to noon, and the cover picture of this report captures the scene of a cattle egret flying over the BMW Brilliance factory. The BMW Group China 2023 Sustainability Report provides stakeholders with comprehensive information about the company's sustainability ambitions and progress. The topics included here have been selected and weighted in accordance with the findings of a systematic materiality process. The content of the Report was prepared to comply with the GRI Standards by the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). Using the GRI Content Index helps to show how we are implementing the communication requirements of the United Nations Global Compact. The BMW Group China supports and promotes the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through its business operations, in particular SDG 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. The beginning of each section will use icons to illustrate the connection between our business and these SDGs. Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP. has provided limited assurance on selected key performance indicators in this Report. REPORTING PERIOD REPORTING STANDARD COVER NOTE THIRDPARTY ASSURANCEFor ease of presentation and readability, Any joint activities for BMW entities in China within the reporting scope are also referred to as BMW in China, the BMW Group China, and We in this report. For content beyond China entities, it will refer to BMW Group or others. Since 2013, BMW has been disclosing sustainability information in China. From 2013 to 2021, the report disclosure subject was mainly BMW Brilliance the BMW Group's largest manufacturing base in China. In the reporting year of 2022, the BMW Group China took a further step by expanding the scope of its Sustainability Report across seven entities of the BMW Group in mainland China, including BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (BMW Brilliance) and its whollyowned subsidiary Ling Yue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Ling Yue), BMW China Investment Ltd. (BMW China Investment), BMW China Automotive T rading Ltd. (BMW China), BMW Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. (BMW Automotive Finance), BMW China Services Ltd. (BMW China Services) and Herald International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Herald Leasing). This report is addressed to stakeholders in China and is available in simplified Chinese and English. ABBREVIATIONSREPORTING SCOPE BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202302 This is our Communication on Progress in implementing the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and supporting broader UN goals. We welcome feedback on its contents.
02 About This ReportCONTENTS Visionary Direction 04 Voice from Management 09 An Overview of BMW Group China 10 Highlights in 2023 11 Featured Topic Action to Climate Change 13 Featured Topic Resource Efficiency & Circular Economy 14 Featured Topic Stakeholder Empowerment 00 Production and Operation 46 Resource Consumption and Efficiency 55 Green Logistics 03 Fundamental 16 From Strategy to Action 21 Corporate Governance 01 Dealer and Supply Chain 59 Dealer Management and Empowerment 65 Purchasing and Supplier Network 04 Products and Services 28 Premium Quality and Safety 31 Sustainable Products 38 Customercentric Services 02 Employee and Society 71 Futureproof Job 77 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 81 Benefits and Wellbeing 86 Contributions to Social Prosperity 05 Other Information 96 Sustainability Data Summary 102 GRI Content Index 113 Limited Assurance Report 115 Basis of Reporting 06 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202303 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
In 2023, we experienced renewed inflation, environmental, and economic challenges leading to significant market volatility worldwide. These challenges, however, may spark innovations for rapid development, making decisive and measurable actions critical. BMW Group China is committed to leading industry transformation, aligning with China's vision for sustainable development and the UN's 2030 Agenda. We aim to integrate sustainability throughout our value chain, ensuring trends like diversification, localisation, decarbonisation, and digitalisation benefit our stakeholders. BMW s sustainable journey in China began over two decades ago. China is now central to market trends and the future of mobility. It'smore than BMW s largest sales market; it is essential to our global operations, innovation, and production. We collaborate with China's academies, suppliers, dealers, and communities to achieve sustainable growth. By acting responsibly and thinking longterm, BMW Group China believes that investing in China is investing in the future. In a changing market, we focus on longterm goals by investing in innovation, adhering to sustainable practices, and partnering for shared success. BMW Group China offers a robust electric car portfolio, showcasing our commitment to Emobility. By the end of 2023, we introduced six fully electric models in China and will adda seventh in 2024. Electromobility is vital for climateneutral mobility, and we aim to have electric vehicles comprise 50 of our global sales by 2030. Digital transformation is key to improving supply chain efficiency, production, and customer service through AI, data science, and virtualisation. Circularity is also crucial, and BMW Group China is rapidly adopting a circular economy model to enhance resource efficiency and reduce waste. This is the 11 th annual Sustainability Report by BMW in China. Over the past decade, our sustainability initiatives have diversified whilst the strategic direction has grown more focused. This demonstrates our commitment to impactful sustainability across our operations in China, emphasising a scientific approach to accountability and ambitious actions for sustainable development. Mr. Sean Green President and CEO, BMW Group ChinaEMBRACING RESPONSIBILITY WITH LONGTERM THINKING VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 04
Over the past decades, BMW Brilliance has experienced significant growth alongside China's economy. As an integral part of the Chinese industrial ecosystem, BMW Brilliance has forged close collaboration with our partners, jointly creating opportunities and achieving mutual growth. Looking ahead, BMW Brilliance's development concept is aligned with China's innovation focus, the New Quality Productive Forces, and incorporates digitalisation, electrification, and sustainability into our core business. We understand sustainability is a complex challenge that requires multidisciplinary solutions. Deeper collaboration is therefore critical. Through knowledge sharing, talent development, and technology we can breakdown barriers, spark innovation, and accelerate progress. BMW Brilliance will continue to contribute to society by bringing systematic change to the automotive sector in three aspects decarbonisation, circularity, and stakeholder engagement. Dr. Franz Decker President and CEO, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. ACCELERATE DECARBONISATION. We have passed numerous milestones on China's journey to carbon neutrality, and we are wellprepared to play our role and help face this challenge. The BMW Group understands the level of transformation required to meet global climate goals and has taken an ambitious and sciencebased approach to setting our targets, which is reflected in joining the Business Ambition for 1. 5 C pledge. Accelerating progress by raising standards that benefit the industry. We continued to encourage local suppliers to join us in building a circular and low carbon supply chain. BMW Group specifies 100 renewable electricity usage for future BMW product as part of the directsupplier (Tier 1) nomination requirements. At the end of 2023, around 50 of the electricity consumed by local directsuppliers (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. By the end of 2023, these efforts have helped BMW Brilliance to reduce supply chain emissions by over 400, 000 tCO 2. EMBARK TO THE FUTURE COLLABORATE TO GROWBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202305 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
To turn waste into a reusable resource, through operational optimisation and cooperation with thirdparty facilities, the Powertrain Plant achieved zero landfill waste in January 2023. BMW Brilliance is collaborating with its partners to help make green supply chains a reality. By signing Memorandums of Understandings (MoU) for low carbon aluminium we support the use of renewable electricity in electrolytic aluminium production thereby reducing emissions by 14 tonnes per ton of aluminium produced. Furthermore by using recycled aluminium materials, we can reduce emissions by 18 tonnes per tonne of aluminium produced. Concurrently, all our retired high voltage batteries (HVBs) in China are recycled in a closed loop. During 2023, 1, 041 tonnes of HVB raw materials were secured and reprocessed into brandnew battery packs for 2, 400 BMW i 3 vehicles meeting the same quality standard as every other BMW i 3 battery pack. Through our retail initiatives, over 250 dealers were awarded the Network Transformation Green Star certificate after taking steps to build more sustainable operations, including reducing their energy consumption and switching to green power ultimately using 1, 530, 000 MWh of renewable electricity. CIRCULARITY DRIVING RESOURCE EFFICIENCY ACROSS THE VALUE CHAIN Circular economy redefines resources. To promote resource efficiency, we started with our own production process. Water, a finite resource, is not discharged, but kept in use, and since 2016, we have continued to expand reclaimed water usage in our production. In 2023, the total volume of recycled wastewater reached 159, 325 m across all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase from last year. Only with collaborations we can safeguard future generations. ENGAGE STAKEHOLDERS THROUGH SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVES BMW Brilliance aims not only for business growth, but also for the mutual growth of people, cultures, and communities. We collaborate with various stakeholders, including business partners, industry associations, think tanks, and others, to drive innovation and mutually beneficial agendas that support China's sustainable development goals. We are dedicated to protecting local culture and biodiversity while providing solutions to society and communities through education and support for environmental and cultural causes. In 2023, there were 35, 542, 888 beneficiaries of our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities, increasing 11. 47 from 2022. In April 2024, the BMW Group China, in collaboration with the Network of International Cultural Link Entities of Ministry of Culture & Tourism and the China Education Development Foundation, jointly launched the BMW China Culture Journey - Grand Canal Cultural Protection and Education Public Welfare Programme. This initiative aims to extend our 18 years of experience helping to protecting China's intangible cultural heritage to the Grand Canal. Looking ahead, with an open mindset and practical action, we will play our role to shape a responsible and sustainable future together with our stakeholders, employees, and society as a whole. VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 06
Ms. Nicole Guenther President, BMW China Services Ltd. A sustainable supply chain provides the foundation for a longterm business success. The sustainability activities of the BMW Group China start with our supplier network, which accounts for more than 60 of total value added, making a significant contribution to sustainability. Responsible, sustainable, and lawful behaviour is one of our core values and is firmly anchored in BMW Group China's supply chain. We commit to compliance with environmental and social standards, not only atour own company, but also in our supplier network. We continuously define clear and verifiable measures across the whole supply chain to contribute to our BMW Group carbon reduction targets. To ensure low carbon and circular concepts are integrated into the design and manufacture of the components, we closely collaborate with Research and Development (R&D) and Production aswell as with suppliers to advance in three aspects - optimise material recyclability, increase the use of secondary raw material, and use low carbon material produced by renewable energy. Over the last several years, we have expanded our strategic collaborations with local suppliers to ensure the availability of lowcarbon materials by signing Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) and establishing closedloop recycling for different types of materials, including batteries, steel and aluminium. Dr. Robert Kahlenberg Senior Vice President, BMW Research & Development China R&Dare the enabler for sustainability. Design and engineering are the fundamental stage to initiate sustainability concept. By integrating sustainability into product development, rather than treating it as an afterthought, we are reducing costs and time investment through efficient use of resources. From interiors to electromagnetic protection, we ensure no toxic substances inside the vehicles, and no harmful emissions from interior parts, while keeping low magnetic emissions. From product materials to energy efficiency, we aim to increase the material recyclability and secondary raw material usage, reduce energy consumption and carbon footprint. By redesigning components, from alloycast wheels made from continually increasing secondary aluminum, to innovative sustainable 3 D textile that is completely plantbased, mineral based and petroleumfree for Vision Neue Klasse X concept, we keep pushing the limit to make luxury sustainable and inspiring. Mr. Robert Kuessel Senior Vice President, Technology and Manufacturing, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. For automotive manufacturing sector, advanced technologies can promote resource and energy efficiency and reduce the carbon footprint of vehicles. Tailored to the unique dynamics of the Chinese market, our Shenyang manufacturing base harmonises expertise and resources across Research & Development, Purchasing, and Production functions. This approach not only redefines precision and flexibility, but also enables environmental stewardship. By consistently applying resource efficiency and circularity concepts, we can set clear and trackable targets for decarbonisation, energy, resource use, and waste reduction. This approach allows us to optimise energy use, material sourcing, logistics, and more. To further reduce carbon emissions, we tested a geothermalwell in 2023 to explore the use of renewable energy for heating at our Gen 6 Battery Powertrain Plant. In 2023, water consumption per vehicle produced was 1. 72 m 3, 40 less compared to 2019. For logistics, we used sea freight throughout 2023 for inbound production supplies, and the total sea freight transportation volume increased by 10 compared with 2022. For packaging containers, we seek process optimisation and lean production throughout their lifecycle, and last year 50, 719 plastic container parts were recycled. With every step we take, sustainability and responsibility are deeply embedded into every aspect of our operations. Responsible and sustainable behaviour is one of our core values and is firmly anchored in BMW Group's corporate strategy. For the BMW, one thing is certain we want to lead the way when it comes to sustainability. That's why it is critical that our Purchasing, Development and Production divisions work together on delivering on our commitments for carbon emissions reduction, the circular economy and environmental and social responsibility. To continue achieving the best results, we pursue well thoughtout, effective and flexible solutions in product development, production and collaborations with our supplier network. Together, we will continue to focus on the best outcomes to enable 360 degree sustainability solutions. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 07
Mr. J rg Friebel President, Financial Services Region China and CEO, BMW Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. BMW s financial services offer tailored financing options, leasing solutions, and insurance products specifically designed for New Energy Vehicles (NEVs) that enable customer demands. Through the digital financial customer platform, we can provide a fully digitalised experience and endtoend financial process that makes the switch to NEVs and more efficient vehicles easier than ever before. Our offerings go beyond financial support. They enable customers, inspired by our products, to make more sustainable choices, which ultimately helps shape a better future for us all. Ms. Rebecca Li Head of Customer Interaction Services at Lingyue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd. Digitalisation enhances sustainability solutions. As an innovation incubator and data service provider, Lingyue prioritises digital channels to effectively enhance customer engagement and optimise customercentric services. By leveraging the potential of technology - from seamless user experience to resource allocation optimisation - digitalisation fosters positive outcomes for both the environment and society. At the same time, we consider our customer's information security and privacy protection tobe the foundation of a reliable, steady yet effective value creation journey. Mr. Steven Shao Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. We deliver a holistic approach toward a sustainable customer journey with products and services. The concept of no premium without sustainability is also reflected in BMW s Sales and Marketing in China. With China now at the forefront of technology trends and defining future mobility, BMW is dedicated to meeting this demand by inspiring our customers to make appropriate, sustainable decisions about product selection, and making our employees and retail partners to become ambassadors for BMW s sustainability ambition. We continue to expand the public charging infrastructure to increase charging convenience. By end of 2023, 580, 000 public charging pillars were connected, and the number has reached 710, 000 by June 2024. On top of that, BMW Brilliance established a High Power Charging Joint Venture in China together with Mercedes Benz to setup at least 1, 000 charging stations by the end of 2026, using renewable energy where possible to create a sustainable charging experience for Chinese customers. BMW Group China strives to provide the industry's best customer experience. Not only do we integrate quality and sustainability into our products and services, we help customers make the most sustainable decisions throughout their journey. Sustainability is central to the premium experience we provide to customers. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 08
In April 1994, the BMW Group set up a representative office in China the BMW Automotive Trading Ltd. Beijing Representative Office, marking its official entry into the Chinese market. In May 2003, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. was founded as a joint venture of the parent companies BMW Group and Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Ltd. Now, it has become BMW Group's largest manufacturing base worldwide. In October 2005, BMW (China) Automotive Trading Ltd. was established, marking another milestone in the BMW Group's longterm commitment to the Chinese market. The BMW Group's business in China includes research and development (R&D), procurement, manufacturing, aftersales service, and comprehensive services, such as financial services, leasing, digital solutions and services, and the import and sales of BMW branded cars, MINI cars and Rolls Royce. The BMW Group underlines its longterm commitment to At Home in China, through continuous investment and a determination to integrate highquality development driven by digitalisation and sustainability. The BMW Group China will continue to promote industrial upgrading, and support China's automotive industry to achieve intelligent, sustainable and highquality development. 1. Include BMW brand and MINI brand vehicles delivered to customers. 2. Include Plant Tiexi, Plant Dadong and Plant Lydia. 3. Managed by BMW to deliver trainings for employees and dealer partners. LEGEND Headquarter & Manufacturing Base 2 Branch Office Sales Regional Office Research and Development Centre Finished Vehicles Decentralised Distribution Area Finished Vehicles Distribution Centre Spare Parts Distribution Centre Training Centre 3 Brand Experience Centre OUR LOCATION 1 Beijing 2 Shenyang 3 Tianjin 4 Zhengzhou 5 Xi an 6 Hefei 7 Nanjing 8 Shanghai 9 Ningbo 10 Chengdu 11 Chongqing 12 Wuhan 13 Guangzhou 14 Foshan AN OVERVIEW OF BMW GROUP CHINA 2 1 7 5 10 11 13 14 9 3 6 4 12 8 728, 562 Vehicles produced. 824, 932 Retail vehicle deliveries. 128, 074 Total workforce at yearend. 937 Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide. 2023 AT A GLANCEAn Overview of BMW Group ChinaBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202309 VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
Highlights in 2023 HIGHLIGHTS IN 2023 JANUARY 2023 Ling Yue China IT Dep Ops Hub Innovation Summit held successfully. MARCH BMW Group Award for Social Responsibility 2023 applications opened, encouraging employee participation in volunteer activities. JUNE 3 rd BMW Group China Sustainability Summit held in Wuxi, with the 1 st Comprehensive BMW Group China Sustainability Report released. BMW Group China Culture Journey T raditional Handicraft Creative Design Competition officially kicked off. AUGUST BMW added 5 NEVs to its lineup at the Chengdu Motor Show (CDMS). BMW Group China immediately donated 15 million RMB to support Beijing flood relief efforts. OCTOBER BMW honoured as 2023 China Green Point Case of the Year by YICAI. com. BMW Brilliance crowned for five models at the 2023 Chinese Automotive Customer Satisfaction Index (CACSI) ICE 1. The New BMW X 1 was awarded a 5 star rating from EuroNCAP and earned straightA results in the CIASI safety tests. BMW Group presented the Supply Chain Sustainability Award in China for the first time. NOVEMBER BMW Brilliance signed dual Mo Us to secure a sustainable supply of lowcarbon aluminium. Construction of the Gen 6 Battery Project at the BMW Shenyang production base was completed. BMW and Mercedes Benz established ajoint supercharging network in China. BMW Group brought its hydrogen fuel cell product to the China International Import Expo for the first time. DECEMBER BMW Group China donated 3 million RMB for earthquake relief in Gansu. BMW received a test license for L 3 automated driving on highways in China. BMW s highvoltage battery lifecycle management platform for integrated data and realtime monitoring was upgraded. The BMW M HYDRID drive system received the Global New Energy Vehicles Innovative T echnology 2023 Award at the World New Energy Vehicle Conference (WNEVC). SEPTEMBER BMW Brilliance e Invoice Portal practicing the BMW Group strategy of Digital, Circular. The firstever BMW iX 1 rolled off the assembly line. JUL Y BMW Group China has supported rural education in two counties in Yunnan for the third time. 2023 BMW Group China Culture Journey - Fujian T eaT our promotes sustainability through cultural protection. BMW Brilliance became one of the first automakers to join the Auto Low Carbon Initiative. BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative supported Liaoning Liaohekou and Shandong Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve. MAY The BMW Brilliance 20 th Anniversary Press Conference and BMW Gen 6 Battery Project groundbreaking ceremony was held. During the BMW Brilliance's 20 th Anniversary press conference, the BMW Group announced the NEUE KLASSE vehicle would be produced by BMW Brilliance in Shenyang starting in 2026. FEBRUARY The Shenyang Production Base reached a cumulative production milestone of 5 million vehicles. The All New Fully Electric BMW i 3 was unveiled. BMW was recognised as the only exemplary entity from the automotive industry for Cyberspace Green and Lowcarbon Initiative 2023 during the 2 nd China Digital Carbon Neutrality Summit. The BMW Group China Culture Journey Intangible Cultural Heritage Protection Innovation Deliverables Exhibition opened. APRIL During the China EV 100 Forum, BMW shared achievements and experiences in green transformation. Five BMW Brilliance models received CAQ s (China Association for Quality) 2022 China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index Award. Advancing BMW Brilliance's digital transformation with Data Pioneer Program 2023 kickoff and Data Driven Business Open Day. 1. Internal Combustion Engine we need to keep it VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 10
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202311 Featured T opic 1 ACTION TO CLIMATE CHANGE 1. IPCC. (2021). Climate Change 2021 The Physical Science Basis. https www. ipcc. ch report ar 6 wg 1 2. Corporate Disclosure (CSRD), Battery Regulation (Battery PCF) and Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) etc. 3. Such as (vertical) competition laws 4. Greenhouse Gas Protocol. (2016). What is GHG Protocol? https ghgprotocol. org aboutus 5. BloombergNEF. (2024). Energy Transition Investment Trends 2024. https assets. bbhub. io professional sites 24 Energy Transition Investment Trends 2024. pdf Lack of accounting standardisation. The reporting and verification for the data along the value chain remains challenging in the past as most of the reporting was voluntary and certain regulations 3 might pose difficulties for firms to seek detailed information from ann Tier supply chain. This could potentially result in data intransparency, overburdening and restricting competitive international social and economic development. One element of the solutions is to standardise an internationally harmonised carbon accounting and reduction approach. Under such framework conditions, the GHG Protocol 4 standard rightly allows companies to supplement measured data or supplierspecific data with industryaverage data from independent data providers. Lack of primary data. While this enables guesstimates which provides a good start, due to the lack of internationally recognised accounting method, the use of secondary data and industry average data oftentimes lead to high variability of results of same products and inaccurate accounting of supply chain decarbonisation effort. Reckoning with the China government's leadership position on R. E. with greater effort to address environmental issues. In 2024, China remains with the highest levels of investment in the lowcarbon energy transition 5. The continued reliance on regional or data providers defaultaverage values could pose challenges to reflect and make mitigation deductions measurements accountable. This can deprive companies key lever to pursue a specific decarbonisation strategy across its value chain. We support the creation of a methodological framework that clearly focuses on the measured benefits for the climate, that relies on an internationally accepted standards and enables the compatibility of internal management and external reporting logic. We support the standardisation of CO 2 calculation and auditing methods but not the values themselves and support their exchange of CO 2 related data along the value chain. Such framework needs to allow the firm to report emissions unique to its supply chain taking into account the mitigation results achieved by the firm and its suppliers. This leaves the incentives in the system for firms to deploy their market power and initiatives for emission reductions, which would also get reflected in product and emissions reporting against mandatory requirements (regulations) or voluntary reporting (reputation). We support Data digitalisation including internationally agreed data platform and initiative. As a uniform data rulebook and database is crucial step to provide a cooperative environment where transparent, reliable, and complete CO 2 data can be exchanged and respectively be measured and reported across the entire value chain. BMW Group supports and drives forward pursuing primary data instead of secondary and average emission factor for product carbon footprint calculation at corporate level. Hence BMW Group China fully support local suppliers efforts on decarbonisation such as using green power and secondary material can be more accurately tracked and recognised. Inturn, sustainability action takers can fully engage the effort to contribute the part on the journey of decarbonisation. BMW CARBON ACCOUNTING POSITION Introduction Scientists are observing changes in across the Earth's climate system, according to the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC 2021) report 1. Many of the changes observed in the climate permeating almost all aspect of our lives such as continued sea level rise, forest loss, ocean acidification, spread of vectorborne diseases and heightened food insecurity (IPCC, 2022). However, strong and sustained reductions in emissions of carbon dioxide (CO 2) and other greenhouse gases would limit climate change. Understanding the basics of climate science is key to take actions to mitigate its worst impacts. As science and regulation evolves, so too must our responses to it. Enhance transparency and accountability can directly help society to analyse climate change developments and swiftly embark on the journey of decarbonisation. External environment & challenges Following the global consensus of Paris Agreement, numerous countries and governments, investors, and companies are increasingly adopting net zero commitment and started to translate the agreements into policies and targets. However, it can be challenging for nations, governments, and companies to accurately measure and benchmark their carbon emission reduction objectives. Multiple regulations and proposals 2 have been drafted simultaneously with separate legal texts, which in most cases are not aligned with oneanother especially on the accounting methodology. Featured topic 1 Part 1 BMW GROUP POSITION STANDARDISED CARBON ACCOUNTING & RELIABLE PRIMARY DATA & DIGITALISATION VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202312 Featured T opic 1 SUPPLIER PRODUCTION OPERATION AND LOGISTICS PRODUCT & SERVICES SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK Our approach to decarbonisation prioritises energy efficiency, the use of renewable electricity (R. E.), and product electrification. GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT To scaleup our decarbonisation efforts, we advocate for transparency and accountability across the value chain. This starts from upstream material sourcing through to new, highquality and innovative production. SUPPLY CHAIN DECARBONISATION TRANSPARENCY ACCELERATING RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY TRANSITION IN SUPPLY CHAIN 50 nominated local directsuppliers electricity consumption for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. 100 High Voltage Battery (HVB) cell suppliers adopted renewable electricity in their production. 100 aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers adopted renewable electricity. TRANSITION TO RENEWABLE ENERGY CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY 90. 2 MWp 2023 onsite solar PV capacity 20. 6 vs 2022 0. 83 vs 2022 3. 46 vs 2022 0. 82 vs 2022 Domestics lmported LOWCARBON TRANSPORTATION MODEEXPAND NEV PRODUCT PORTFOLIO BMW Group China have expanded its NEV product portfolio to total of seven models in China. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT FOR ICE 1 VEHICLES AI based technology has been piloted to steer daily operations and check monthly energy targets. Intime energy consumption analysis Energy consumption forecast Potential energy efficiency improvement measures Starting 2019 Renewable electricity Starting 2022 Heating Coal to Gas Starting 2023 Green heating Geothermal Starting 2023 Biomethane Exploration 14 parts inbound logistic suppliers committed to 100 rail freight. BMW Group China achieved over 400, 000 tCO 2 e carbon emissions reduction in the upstream supply chain through first contractually agreed decarbonisation measures during this reporting period. Aerodynamics Various technology is adopted to further reduce aerodynamic drag. 142. 9 g km 165. 7 g km 3. 45 vs 2022 6. 99 L 100 km 6. 03 L 100 km Average fleet CO 2 emission CAFC UPSCALING THE USE OF ELECTRIC CARRIERS 20 ETrucks deployed in inbound logistics. 40 ETrucks used in finished vehicles and aftersales logistics. H 2 Trucks codeveloped with a strategic partner. The fleet will be operational in 2024. GREEN CHARGING SERVICES 251 dealers were been awarded the NT Green Star by the end of 2023. Easy Charge Technology Equipped on 150, 000 public highpower direct current (DC) charging stations. 100 R. E. in all Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Vehicle Distribution Centres, Decentralised Distribution Centres, aswell as Relife Point. Beijing Regional Distribution Centre BMW Brilliance Automotive office awarded LEED Gold Certificate for Interior Design and Construction. 4, 000 m 2 warehouse roof space covered 400 kW photovoltaic installed Shenyang RDC solar PV installations construction plan Featured topic 1 Part 2 BMW NETWORK TRANSFORMATION (NT) GREEN STARBMW iFACTORY STRATEGY It facilitates flexible, efficient production to minimise the use of resources and setting new standards in climate protection. 1. Internal combustion engine ACTION TO CLIMATE CHANGE VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202313 Featured T opic 2 RESOURCE EFFICIENCY & CIRCULAR ECONOMY We view the circular economy as akey approach for designing more resourceefficient vehicles. As an alternative to traditional linear economies, the idea is to find the best way to keep materials in the cycle ensuring resources are not lost, but retain their value for longterm use. To decouple growth from resource extraction and waste, the BMW Group China is taking steps to increase circularity and use secondary materials. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SUPPLY CHAINPRODUCTION LOGISTICS AND TRANSPORTSALES AND UTILISATION DISPOSAL AND RECYCLINGSustainable product design Light weight construction contributes to lower fuel consumption, greater range, and more enjoyable driving experience. Recycled material BMW iX 1 is equipped with wheels utilising 70 recycled aluminium. Secondary Raw Material Use Achievements Precious metals 70 secondary raw material use of Palladium and Rhodium since 2022. Aluminium ingot 50 secondary raw material use for aluminium ingot foundry as of the end of 2023. HVB Retired HVB closed loop for nickel, cobalt, Water reuse and recycling Scale up waste water recycling volume Our path to zero potable process water, by continues commissioning onsite treatment plants. Diversify reclaimed water use case Waste utilisation Waste for disposal per vehicle produced decreased 14 vs 2022. Innovative biobased material Upholstery variant offered in Neue Klasse includes textile dashboard and vegan leatherette. Sustainable product customer protection rating BMW i 5 e Drive 35 L given a 5 star rating in the China Green Car Assessment Program (CGCAP) review and lithium recycling in 2023, secondary Aluminium and nickel are used in battery cell production. Plastic 30 secondary thermoplastic material utilised in interior and exterior parts at pilot vehicle project. Innovation and material recycling & reuse Recycled scrap steel and scrap aluminium. 82, 639 t recycled scrap steel in 2023 Recycled ceramic andiron mud from engine factories as raw materials forcement production through cooperation with thirdparty cement factories. VOCs control Paint shop discarded solvent recycled through distillation for reuse and further reduce VOCs emissions. Green packaging Recycled packaging materials, including steel and nonsteel containers. Packaging planning defined standardisation for reuse based on container status. 1, 159 containers were reused. Deliver circularity concepts and services though dealers Pioneer HVB closedloop recycling and reuse HVB recycling 100 retired HVBs recycled to produce 1, 041 tons of raw material. Enough to make 2, 400 new i 3 e Drive 35 L battery packages. HVB reuse Scale up secondary use of HVBs forklifts, pallet trucks, power storage station Expand the scope of remanufactured parts 351, 634 pieces of parts collected for remanufacturing, 766 t of material recycled 1 3 2 45 6 Featured topic 2 Green environment Saving energy and resource by integrating interior design and architecture, ground source heat pump, car wash water recycling system, photovoltaics, and LED lighting, etc. Practice environmental conservation by rainwater harvesting system, light pollution control for glass curtain wall, etc. Green operation Provide recycling services including HVB and spare parts. VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202314 Featured T opic 3 STAKEHOLDER EMPOWERMENT A sustainable future cannot be created by one company alone. BMW recognises the urgent need to collaborate across our value chain to unleash partnerships and innovations. By acting together and doing what is right to the joint goal, we can help accelerate progress. INDUSTRY SUPPLIER PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY DEALER EMPLOYEE Government Supported the Ministry of Ecology and Environment's Department of Communication and Education to host sustainable development related activities, such as the National Low Carbon Day. NGOs Participate in the UN Global Compact GDI for Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Series Report A white paper on the carbon footprint of electric vehicle batteries and lowcarbon circular development. Industry Association BMW Group China hosted a series of technical expert conferences and workshops to promote technical exchange with leading business partners. Thinktanks China Development Research Foundation Supported Research Project In order to promote the lowcarbon transformation and development of China's economy, the China Development Research Foundation (CDRF) and the BMW Group have set up the Green T ransformation of Industrial Chains project. The project focuses on key industries such as iron and steel, automobile, green power and power battery, systematically researches the path and standards of green transformation of the industrial chain. International Sustainable Mobility Research Platform BMW collaborated with T singhua University and international academic scholars to 1. Address critical topics of relevance to BMW Group China's sustainability goals. 2. Cultivate a shared thematic arena, fostering crosscollaboration and exchange among different research fields, projects, and partners. 3. Establish four research areas, leveraging the unique strengths of each research partner. Featured topic 3 Partnership & Collaboration Enabling Green Transformation 1. At the end of 2023, around 50 of the electricity consumed by nominated local directsuppliers (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. 2. Secondary raw material use achievements in 2023 70 in precious metals, 50 in Aluminium ingot for foundry plant, continued closed loop for high voltage battery, 30 secondary thermoplastic material utilised in exterior & interior. Accelerating Supply Chain Partnership Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) for electrolytic aluminium and for recycled aluminium. Appreciation & Engagement Grand Supplier Day held by BMW Brilliance Automotive to enhance the supply chain cohesion and stimulate supply chain resilience development. Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Training Offline and online offline training in Chinese and English on social responsibility, EHS, and decarbonisation was provided to suppliers. Dealer Empowerment Reshape comprehensive capabilities Enable talent development Accelerate NEV transformation and digitalisation Empower partners to open up new sales model Implement a retail transformation strategy Dealer Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities Enhancing stakeholder engagement through dealerships CSR activities. In 2023, 355 dealerships participated in 603 CSR activities. Dealer Sustainability Summit Award To encourage more dealers to join BMW Group China's climate action. Biodiversity Beyond the Value Chain Promote natural conservation Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve Liaohekou National Nature Reserve Enhance public awareness Grand Canal Cultural Protection and Education Welfare Programme T raditional Handcraft Creative Design Competition Fujian Tea Culture Tour Continuous Innovative Training Employee learning and development through innovative models, technologies, resources, and engagement. Digital Online Learning to Enrich Innovative Training The Digital Boost programme focused on helping nonproduction employees enhance their digital knowledge. Allaround T raining Technical training Leadership training VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL
01 CHAPTER 1 FUNDAMENTAL 1. 1 From Strategy to Action 16 1. 2 Corporate Governance 21 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202315 FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY
1. 1 FROM STRATEGY TO ACTION 1 st In 2023 China's Automotive Industry Green Development Index for five consecutive years. 2023 Green and Low Carbon Public Education Base BMW Brilliance Shenyang Production Base was awarded by Ministry of Ecology and Environment. In the face of accelerating change in the world, the BMW Group China remains steadfast in our commitment to sustainability. Our sustainable development strategy continuously adapts to the evolving business environment and external challenges. Facing complex challenges, we maintain close dialogue with our stakeholders to ensure that their expectations are taken into account in the company's development objectives. We strive to establish a robust governance system, built on crossdepartmental collaboration and open communication to ensure dynamic growth. SDG 16 and 17 FACING THE FUTURE, ACCELERATING SUSTAINABILITY AT HOME IN CHINABMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202316 From Strategy to ActionFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202317 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action SUSTAINABILITY MEGA TRENDS Global sustainability has faced severe challenges in recent years. The economic hardships, and environmental crises have all hampered progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In 2023, in the face of increasing levels of global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, extreme weather conditions and loss of biodiversity, efforts to respond are accelerating. With digital transformation, increasing public awareness of sustainability, and inclusive development, focuses are shifting from safeguarding livelihoods to enhancing quality of life. Governments, businesses, and other institutions are taking important measures to move global sustainability towards a more harmonious relationship with nature and create a more prosperous society. The automotive industry is transitioning towards connectivity, autonomy, and electrification. There are both opportunities and challenges posed by decarbonisation process, aswell as digital transformation. In 2023, BMW focused its investments on the electric and digital development of vehicles, along with advancements in autonomous driving technology. With significant progress in its electrification transformation, the BMW Group continues to strengthen its business foundation, confidently striding towards the new era of mobility. Following the 20 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, 2023 was the first full year of implementation of policy guidance anda critical period for achieving a greener and more coordinated economic and social development. As an automotive company deeply rooted in China, the BMW Group China's future is intertwined with the Chinese market. Adhering to our philosophy of At Home in China, we align our strategies with China's national sustainability priorities, taking concrete action to accelerate the adoption of electrification, digitalisation, and sustainable practices. DIALOGUE WITH STAKEHOLDERS As the sustainability concept continues to grow, governments, customers, employees and other stakeholders pay close attention to a company's performance in environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance. As the BMW Group China, we continue to expand the scope of our sustainable development and disclosure, broaden our range of communication channels, and maintain close engagement with various stakeholders. Adhering to the commitment of at Home in China, we engage in dialogue with local governments, customers, employees, and suppliers to foster longterm, mutually beneficial partnerships built on trust. In 2023, we made a notable appearance at the National Low Carbon Day, as the only luxury automaker showing our comprehensive sustainability efforts. We shared our insights on carbon reduction across the value chain, sustainability, and green mobility. As a pioneering member, BMW Brilliance joined the Green and Low Carbon Development Initiative for Automobiles, reaffirming our dedication to green development and decarbonisation and aligning with China's blueprint for new energy industries. Our stakeholders, how we communicate with them, and their focuses, are listed in the adjacent table OUR STAKEHOLDER GROUPS AND ENGAGEMENT APPROACH Stakeholders Communication channels Focus topics EmployeesT rade Union, Digital Union platform, employee surveys, testdrive experiences, BMW Brilliance's 20 th anniversary, Social Days, allround training, We Chat, internal webpage, etc. Occupational health and safety Employee development and retention Product quality and safety Diversity, equity and inclusion Customers Surveys and research, social media, auto shows, mass media, My BMW App, Brand Experience Centre, JOYCUBE, Mission i, Voice of Customer Mechanism, etc. Product quality and safety Air pollution Information security and privacy protection Compliance Government Regular communication with local authorities, meetings with government officials, visits and management forums, etc. Product quality and safety Compliance Air pollution Sustainable product portfolio Civil Society Roundtables, lectures and discussions with experts, and scholars, specialised local programmes, traineeships, vocational opportunities, mass media, etc. Product quality and safety Decarbonisation across the value chain Environment, ecology and resource management Compliance Suppliers Regular interaction, trainings, risk assessments, forums, Grand Supplier Day supplier media visits, etc. Responsible sourcing Decarbonisation across the value chain Sustainable product portfolio Environment, ecology and resource management DealersNT Green Star Project, regular interaction, conferences, online forums, dealer environment, health and safety (EHS) selfassessments, training, etc. Occupational health and safety Compliance Product quality and safety Information security and privacy protection Local Residents Oneonone meetings, plant visits, press events, traineeships, corporate social responsibility programmes, volunteering, etc. Information security and privacy protection Product quality and safety Occupational health and safety Air pollution Mass Media Surveys, social media, trade fairs, auto shows, press releases, etc. Product quality and safety Diversity, equality and inclusion Sustainable governance Information security and privacy protection
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202318 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT A materiality assessment serves as the starting point for identifying the topics to be disclosed in a sustainability report. It offers enterprises efficient action directions and key topics for sustainability reports, and is essential for disclosure. In 2022, the BMW Group China conducted a materiality assessment to identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter most to our business and key stakeholders. The assessment formed a matrix, with the horizontal axis representing the significance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group China, and the vertical axis representing relevance to the BMW Group China's business success. This matrix provides us with clear guidance, enabling us to focus more on advancing sustainability efforts and contributing to the harmonious coexistence of the economy, society, and the environment. BMW Group China 2022 Materiality Matrix OUR MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS We began by listing 20 potential issues grouped into four categories Product Responsibility Environmental Social Governance Defining Issues We collected over 350 questionnaires from a representative crosssection of our eight stakeholder groups, followed by 15 indepth interviews with internal and external stakeholders. The result is a materiality matrix revealing the nine issues considered most relevant to BMW Group China as well as our stakeholders. Prioritising Issues We then grouped material issues into our strategic priorities. Our China Board has reviewed the results of our materiality analysis to validate the importance of each topic, and upon validation, we began crafting detailed action plans to deliver our commitment within each for each priority. Strategic Priorities Significance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group China Relevance to the BMW Group China's business success 1 2 435 7 86 16 18 19 20 179 10 12 15141311 Product Responsibility Environmental Social Governance 1 Sustainable product portfolio 2 Product quality and safety 3 Urban mobility and infrastructure 4 Connected and autonomous driving Product Responsibility 5 Decarbonisation across the value chain 6 Circular economy 7 Air pollution 8 Environment, ecology and resource management Environmental 9 Responsible sourcing 10 Diversity, equality and inclusion 11 Occupational health and safety 12 Employee development and talent retention 13 Attractive workplace 14 Corporate citizenship & community engagement 15 Human rights Social 16 Compliance 17 Information security and privacy protection 18 Sustainable governance 19 Public policy participation 20 Stakeholder engagement Governance
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202319 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action OUR ACTIONS ON MATERIAL ISSUES Material Issues Actions and initiatives Sustainable product portfolio Launched six fully electric models in the Chinese market the BMW i 7, the allnew BMW i 3, the BMW i 4, the BMW iX, the BMW iX 3 and the BMW iX 1. Provided lowcarbon services and shared mobility to cultivate sustainability awareness among customers. Installed 588, 550 public charging pillars, with green charging promoted via State Grid EV Service. Decarbonisation across the value chain 100 renewable electricity 1 at all manufacturing sites and 36 nonmanufacturing sites. Decrease of over 400, 000 tCO 2 e emissions in the supply chain. 251 dealers awarded NT Green Star status for their outstanding performance of providing green services. Responsible sourcing Onsite supplier CSR audits. Assessment of the origin of 3 TG metals (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold) aswell as other critical raw materials and request suppliers to follow suit. Circular economy Expand different types and values of secondary raw materials usage in our products through partnerships with suppliers. Established 100 closedloop recycling of HVBs in China, including customer car batteries, batteries sourced via dealers, and production test batteries from BMW plants in Shenyang. Amplifying parts remanufacturing. Compliance Implemented a Compliance Management System (CMS) at each entity with strong enforcement of the threelines model. Fostered a culture of compliance through Tone from the Top Videos, executive dialogues, regular compliance periodicals, and Compliance Interface Workshop. Launched ESG Risk Management System (ERMS) to monitor supplier ESG risks. Product quality and safety Fortified total quality system through QCQMS, ensuring products and services meet the highest standards. Strengthen connections with Auditor community which covers German Association of the Automotive Industry, business partners and BMW worldwide. Enhanced the interior environment by minimising VOCs, PM 2. 5, hazardous materials and noise etc,. Air pollution Paint shop discarded solvent recycled through distillation for reuse and further reduce VOCs emissions. Rigorous monitoring of every production stage, thorough checks for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and odours in the vehicle, ensuring compliance with the standards outlined in GB T 27630. Environment, ecology and resource management In 2023, wastewater recycling achieved total volume of 159, 325 m 3 for all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase compared to 2022. Grey water achieved multipurpose use, expanding use case from plants irrigation to paint shops and cooling towers. Recycled ceramic andiron mud from engine factories as raw materials forcement production through cooperation with thirdparty cement factories. Sustainable governance A comprehensive, topdown management and collaboration mechanism. Material Issues Actions and initiatives Information security and privacy protection Elaborated policies, standards and processes to safeguard the security and accuracy of data. Robust process to respond to potential data security incidents. Maintain a high standard of data protection, employing rigorous procedures, tools, and instructions to safeguard customer privacy. Conducted comprehensive Security Process & Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) for all products prior to their launch and subsequent iterations. Occupational health and safety Robust Occupational Health and Safety Management System. Optimise security management using the ESafety platform. Companywide safety activities and organised trainings to improve associates safety awareness and capability. Implemented a dualprevention mechanism for classification, investigation, and governance of hidden safety hazards that affect OHS management. Conducted health initiatives for guiding healthier employee behaviours. Diversity, equality and inclusion Enhanced Associate Handbook, adding prevention of harassment in the work environment, etc. Embraced the hiring of persons with disabilities, fostered an inclusive culture through indirect support and financial assistance. A series of Diversity Day online events and offline experiential activities. Employee development and talent retention With an inextinguishable employer branding culture, conducted candidatecentric recruiting, i. e., BMW Needs Youthful You, Sparkling Internship Summer Camp, etc. Utilised digital tools and cuttingedge AI technology to accurately reach outstanding talents. Attractive workplace Offered wellrounded and diverse benefits. Undertook diverse employee communication and engagement activities. Gamified experience to cobuild ideal workplace by Lego with Core Values as framework. Invited social media influencer with disabilities to visit our Plant Lydia and share his her experience of our barrierfree workplace on social platforms. Public policy participation Strengthened communication with the government. Hosted philanthropic events to promote environmental protection. Stakeholder engagement Embedded sustainability in dialogue with government, employees, suppliers, dealers, community members etc,. Connected & autonomous driving Strengthened R&Dand research partnerships in cuttingedge technology. Corporate citizenship & community engagement Cultivated concept of Associate Social Responsibility with Social Drive activities. Four flagship CSR programmes. BMW Corporate Volunteer Association. Public welfare donations and emergency assistance. Human rights Protected the labour rights and interests of employees. We have formulated our Supplier Code of Conduct inaccordance with environmental and social standards. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202319 1. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and IRECs. From Strategy to ActionFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202320 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action The annual targetsetting process, where sustainability holds a central feature, necessitates business functions to establish and achieve specific targets. This allows us to systematically implement the China Board's guidance, ensuring accountability within each business function. The China Board also shoulders the crucial responsibility of ensuring our company's operations adhere to the law and internal regulations, along with carrying out adequate risk management and control measures. To guide our sustainable development, we have a dedicated China Sustainability Circle that provides regular updates and progress reports to the China Board, assigns tasks, and solicits feedback to ensure that sustainability remains at the forefront of our business. Our Dedicated Sustainability Circles focus on our production and supply chain, while crossfunctional and divisional circles strive to implement sustainability initiatives across the company. We foster feedback channels for our operations to facilitate collaborative efforts toward sustainable development across the organisation. Ona daily basis, our internal business functions spearhead the implementation of sustainabilityrelated decisions made by the China Board. This process is also guided and monitored by Management Circles across various business functions. Regular evaluations by these Circles guarantee that Board of Management directives are transformed into concrete action plans, and are then implemented at the operational level for implementation. ENHANCING CLIMATE RISK ASSESSMENT AND RESILIENCE The Earth's climate is undergoing significant changes. Extreme weather events, such as heatwaves, floods, droughts, and rising sea levels, are becoming more frequent. Climate risks not only pose a threat to the balance of natural ecosystems but also create serious challenges to the operational stability of businesses, supply chains, and even global social security. As a crucial part of the socioeconomic landscape, enterprises must recognise the risks brought by climate change and take corresponding measures to enhance climate resilience. In 2023, we maintained our commitment to the ongoing evaluation and management of climate risks. By analysing risks against relevant standards, conducting physical risk and transition risks assessments for the whole company, we implemented countermeasures across plants, projects, and daily operations, building climate risk capacity, and encouraging employee efforts to address climate change. SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT MANAGEMENT SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE The BMW Group China has put its commitment to sustainability into action through comprehensive, topdown management and collaboration. At the core of our leadership stands the BMW China Board, which directs the integration of sustainability into all key business decisions, leading our company on a path of sustained growth and advancement. Sustainability Governance at the BMW Group China CHINA BOARD CHINA SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLE DEDICATED SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLESCROSSFUNCTIONAL AND DIVISIONAL CIRCLES SUSTAINABILITY OPERATIONS NETWORK ACROSS BUSINESS FUNCTIONSBoard Level Management Level Implementation Level
SDG 16 1. 2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE As an integral part of a multinational enterprise, BMW Group China strictly adheres to international and local laws and regulations, operating under stringent management standards. With a comprehensive and welldefined compliance governance framework, we have implemented specific measures to address key areas of concern, including antitrust compliance, corruption and fraud prevention, data governance, information security, export control, and antimoney laundering. Our unwavering commitment ensures efficient compliance with all regulatory requirements while maintaining robust management practices, exemplifying our dedication to ethical business conduct. BMW Group China Honour List Advanced Authorised Economic Operator General Administration of Customs ALevel Tax Payer State Taxation Administration Level A Entity State Administration of Foreign Exchange Enterprise Quality Level A China Quality Certification Centre Labour Protection Level A Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security Honest Entity Ministry of Ecology and EnvironmentBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202321 Corporate GovernanceFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202322 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT At BMW Group China, compliance extends beyond conforming with laws and company regulations. It is the foundation of our culture of integrity and an essential framework for all our business endeavours. Compliance forms the cornerstone of our longterm success, fosters trust in our products and brands, and shapes the public's understanding of the sustainability of our company. ROBUST GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE At BMW Group China, our governance structure encompasses awide network of compliance management boards, functions and roles to implement an effective Compliance Management System (CMS) at each entity. Based on the threelines model, the CMS is embedded in each entity's overall risk management system. Business departments are the first line, which is responsible for lawful conduct during the performance and operation of the daily business to ensure compliance requirements and processes are implemented accordingly. The Compliance organisation is the second line, which supports the first line business departments with exercising their compliance responsibilities. A multilayer comprehensive compliance organisation is in place, consisting of Group Compliance and Divisional Compliance functions, aswell as local compliance functions and Compliance delegates ambassadors. Corporate audit is the third line, which is responsible for independent auditing of compliance structures, processes and systems that support company management, monitoring functions and operational management. Compliance committees are management boards that supervise and approve activities, aswell as manage compliance and reputation risks. BMW Group China has implemented a robust organisational framework to uphold accountability across its operations. At the joint venture BMW Brilliance, for example, compliance accountability at the shareholder level resides with the Board of Directors (BoD) and the Audit and Compliance Committee (AC). The Board of Management (BoM) and the Corporate Governance and Compliance Committee (BCC) provide primary oversight. Across all BMW Group China entities, there are clearly defined roles and responsibilities to enable effective compliance implementation. Business departments, the first line, are responsible for identifying compliance risks within their daily operations, assessing these risks in alignment with corporate objectives, and implementing controls to mitigate them. All departments also have a designated Compliance Interface role (Compliance Interfaces), to serve as a bridge between business units and the central compliance function. Legal and responsible conduct is fostered through coordination between the central compliance function, designated compliance oversight roles, and business departments. For all entities of BMW Group China, the Corporate Governance & Compliance department oversees compliance programs. Other departments, such as Legal Affairs, Controlling, Tax, Customs and Export Control, IT, Corporate Quality, and Human Resources, also broadly serve as compliance steering functions by providing guidance on compliancerelated matters within their respective areas of expertise. BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT COMPLIANCE OPERATIONS NETWORKCompliance Governance Structure
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202323 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION THREESTAGE APPROACH TO COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AND COMPLIANCE TOPICS The BMW Group China's Compliance Management System (CMS) is based on the Prevent, Detect, and Respond Model, which defines specific measures for prevention, monitoring, control and response. The CMS is customised to BMW Group China entities risk situation and addresses all relevant compliance topics. These topics include antitrust compliance, corruption prevention, fraud prevention, data compliance, export control, and antimoney laundering, among others. Our compliance management system is wellrounded. At the corporate level, the BMW Group Code of Conduct integrates the corporate principles of the BMW Group. For employees and the public, it offers transparency about key compliance areas. Based on the Code, we have internal policies and processes that reflect the legal requirements for compliance concerns. Through compliance risk assessment, we can identify businessspecific compliance risks and mitigation measures. We attach great value to training and compliance awareness promotion to support the integration of compliance in our business culture. ITdriven compliance systems enable transparent and efficient documentation, assessment, and approval of compliancerelated issues. The BMW Group China SpeakUP Line notification system is promoted to address questions and concerns appropriately. In addition, we have various monitoring levels to periodically review adherence to and implementation of compliance rules and processes. BMW Group China also encourages business departments to take more proactive measures related to antifraud, including job rotation for high fraudrisk positions, and enhancement of subcontracting management. At the same time, we actively identify fraud leads and address root causes. The BMW Group urges all employees to avoid situations that may result in a conflict of interest. Any risk of conflicts of interest should be disclosed and documented in a transparent manner. Local companylevel instruction on conflicts of interest is in place to form a sound basis and provide immediate guidance to this topic. In 2023, a series of actions have been implemented on conflicts of interest, including trainings, allstaff communications, and declaration, to further raise awareness, mitigate risks and ensure transparency. In 2023, stronger collaboration between Group and local compliance functions ensures various Group compliance initiatives are effectively implemented with local adaption and customisation. Among other initiatives, the Group Compliance Management System Certification Project aims to enhance and provide further assurance of compliance management system effectiveness at both Group and local level. Under Group Compliance's guidance and support from a external consulting service, compliance programs of Anti Corruption and Antitrust Compliance of BMW Group China have been further optimised with continuous and cohesive measures. Besides, localisation with bilingual version of Group compliance regulations and Compliance Essential online training facilitate easy understanding at local entities. Local Legal Framework Monitoring integrated general compliance management standards into the local legal context, which continuously enhanced the overall compliance management maturity. COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT IN FINANCIAL SERVICES At BMW Group China, Financial Services is subject to specific regulations and risks. We focus on comprehensive compliance risk assessments and adhering to China's financial supervisory authority requirements. To ensure streamlined compliance management, Financial Services has its own compliance governance and collaborates closely with internal departments and external authorities. Financial Services also has a comprehensive compliance management team to communicate and implement regulatory requirements, support overall compliance matters, and promote compliance culture within the Financial Services segment. 2, 800 associates were provided customised classroom training. 40 oneonone sessions were arranged for all newly onboard Compliance Responsibles and Interfaces.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202324 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION DATA COMPLIANCE AND INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT BMW Group China's product and service development integrates stringent data protection standards in the early stages. We emphasise transparency, openness, and security, underpinned by a robust governance framework. To uphold the trust of our customers and partners, we prioritise effective and efficient management of our data assets through responsible teams, practices, and policies. Protecting privacy is closely aligned with delivering exceptional customer service and experience. Our policies, standards and processes are crafted to ensure the security and accuracy of data and to comply with China'sand other marketspecific regulatory requirements. COMPLIANCE AWARENESS PROMOTION Fostering a culture of compliance within BMW Group China is achieved through internal communication and training initiatives. By empowering employees to take personal accountability for ethical and lawful conduct within their respective domains, a robust compliance mindset permeates the workforce. Tailored online training modules and classroom sessions help to ensure a comprehensive understanding and adherence to regulatory frameworks across all levels of the organisation. Strong compliance messages from our leadership are an essential element incompliance culture promotion. In 2023, the importance of compliance and clear expectations was conveyed through Tone from the Top videos and Executive Dialogues by top management across BMW Group China. Compliance Our Mutual Commitment. We Count on YOU was the main theme of the Tone from the Top videos and it conveyed the strong commitment and enthusiastic sponsorship of integrity from top management. The videos were communicated through multiple internal channels, such as the Associates Communication Letter, BMW China Intranet Newsletter and Eposter, Joy Chat App, Compliance Day Event, aswell as, the new associates onboarding compliance package. The Annual Compliance Quiz, which incorporated both a selflearning package and interactive questions in the form of materials such as notebook, pen, or calendar, was another wellrecognised and innovative campaign. This regular compliance campaign aims to refresh compliance knowledge and raise awareness in an engaging and timely manner. Furthermore, compliance communication letters focusing on various compliance topics are sent to all associates or target groups to remind them of compliance risks and requirements ona regular basis, which also effectively helps to enhance compliance awareness and competence. We are dedicated to speaking directly to all associates on topics that matter to them. The regular compliance periodicals, including Legislation Express, Case Study, News Clippings, Quiz & Interaction keep them informed of the latest developments relevant to the industry. The 40 periodicals published in 2023 drew 661, 604 clicks on the We Compliance Joy Chat account. More than sixty joint classroom training sessions were provided to more than 2, 800 associates across -entities who have specific business needs or need to manage certain compliance risks. Our Compliance Interfaces Ambassadors took part in the 2023 Joint Compliance Interface Ambassador Workshop to reinforce requirements, exchange opinions on challenges and hot topics, and share best practices. A total of 153 Compliance Interfaces Ambassadors attended the event. In 2023, 40 oneonone sessions were arranged for all newlyonboarded compliance interfaces or responsibles at division or department level. At BMW Automotive Finance, to increase understanding and awareness of compliance, a monthly industry newsletter is emailed to all employees, with content relating to compliance and sustainability.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202325 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH BMW Group China's data protection complies strictly with applicable laws and regulations, particularly the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) of the People's Republic of China (PRC), the Data Security Law of the PRC and the Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial)1. At the management level, to serve crossentities and crossfunctions needs regarding data and ensure compliance, A crossfunctional governance project was established in 2021. The overall governance role transferred to the central department of Data Governance in 2023 to oversees implementation and compliance throughout the organisation. The department of Data Governance was established to help the company meet its data compliance commitments as we develop and implement new technologies, products, and services. The Data Compliance Officer (DCO) ensures conformity of design and implementation of overall data compliance and conducts compliance reviews of data processing activities. In 2023, BMW Brilliance Automobile Limited was selected as a typical data security case by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for the overall design and implementation of the data security system. INFORMATION AND DATA SECURITY MANAGEMENT BMW Group China takes information and data security very seriously. We are committed to continuously reinforcing our information security management, specifically cybersecurity, IT security and production network security. We set up an enterpriselevel supply chain cybersecurity process to protect the BMW Group China from supply chain cyberattacks. Moreover, regarding highrisk data leakage scenarios, we successfully deploy data loss prevention (DLP) tools. In order to continuously improve cloud security maturity, we utilise an advanced automatic cloud security management tool. We have a mobile app compliance process for apps published in Chinese iOS and Android app stores. Before apps are published, we ensure that mobile app compliance requirements are thoroughly tested, using actual regulatory authority inspection criteria. We also adhere to norms and standards that ensure quality. BMW Group China entities, BMW Brilliance and Ling Yue, hold ISO IEC 27001 and 27701 certifications. Ling Yue also holds ISO IEC 27017, ISO IEC 27018 and ISO IEC 38505 certifications. Cybersecurity is vital for digital transformation. In 2023, we participated in, and passed, the Intelligent Connected Vehicles (ICV) Cybersecurity & Data Security Inspection and Panshi Cybersecurity Certified Entities Certification Scheme First issuance 2023 Certified BMW Brilliance and Ling YueISO IEC 27001 2022 Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection - Information security management systems Requirements 2020 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 27701 2019 Security techniques - Extension to ISO IEC 27001 and ISO IEC 27002 for privacy information management - Requirements and guidelines 2020 Recertification Audit Ling YueISO IEC 27017 2015 Information technology - Security techniques - Code of practice for information security controls based on ISO IEC 27002 for cloud services 2021 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 27018 2019 Information technology - Security techniques - Code of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in public clouds acting as PII processors 2021 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 38505 2017 Information technology - Governance of IT - Governance of data 2021 Recertification AuditBMW Group China certifications for information and data security management Attack and Defense Drill, organised by the Shanghai Communications Administration. Following the Panshi activity, we received the reward of excellent response for our outstanding response capabilities. In addition, we participated incredible risk frameworks and standards, and earned 39 certifications under China's Multi Level Protection Scheme (MLPS) for cybersecurity, covering more than 86 applications. Focusing on data security, our data management guidelines, the Data Governance Instruction, comply with the requirements of the BMW Group and are in line with domestic regulations in China. With the central data governance structure, all aspects of data management have been enhanced, including data strategy, data standards, data quality, data architecture, and data security. As a result, we became the first original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and foreign automotive enterprise to receive the Data Management Capability Maturity Certification (DCMM) Level 3 (Managing Level) from the China Academy for Information and Communication Technology. We also won the China 2023 Data Management Top 100 Excellent Case Award from the China Federation of Electronics and Information Industry, confirming our leading position in data management in the industry. 1. The Various Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial) mainly aims to standardise the management of automotive data security, safeguard the personal information security of vehicle owners, and ensure the security of vehicle networks.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202326 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION AWARENESS PROMOTION AND COMMUNICATION Our entities also promote relevant compliance communication and training for their staff. For example, at BMW Brilliance and Ling Yue, compliance training and communication programmes are designed and delivered to every level of their compliance operation networks, to equip the business with adequate compliance capabilities to achieve business goals. Information security is a at core of our compliance culture. We provide onboarding training for employees, dealers and suppliers, and promote a securityaware company culture. Via our online platforms, we ensure appropriate behaviour and understanding of policies with training and communications, such as the Learning Management System, the Elearning System, and inperson meetings. For example, a phishing awareness session targeted 18, 721 employees and partners. We also engaged more than 1, 300 professionals in cybersecurity awareness and professional skills training in 2023. 18, 721 employees and partners included in our phishing awareness session in 2023. 1, 300 professionals participated in cybersecurity training in 2023. FORECAST As the regulatory environment is dynamic and constantly evolving, the CMS requires continuous adaption and improvement. Faced with a host of external challenges, we are taking systematic measures in a variety of compliance areas, with special attention to highrisk sectors. While we have made steady progress on various issues, we are aware that in some compliance areas, there is higher risk of misconduct. For this reason, the fight against noncompliance remains a priority for us for the foreseeable future. That is why we must practice constant vigilance and redouble our efforts to ensure thorough, effective and timely implementation of all compliance programs and processes. We are committed to continue empowering business through endeavours that demonstrate compliance as foundations.
CHAPTER 2 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 02 BMW Group China goes beyond automobile manufacture. We innovate sustainable products and provide customercentric experience throughout the entire business chain. We are committed to being a pioneer in promoting sustainable mobility and lifestyles, contributing to the sustainability of society and our planet. 2. 1 Premium Quality and Safety 28 2. 2 Sustainable Products 31 2. 3 Customercentric Services 38 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202327 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
2. 1 PREMIUM QUALITY AND SAFETY SDG 3 1 Topped the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index (CACSI). 0 defects The BMW X 1 received an excellent performance in the China Insurance Automotive Safety Index (CIASI) for structural crashworthiness. 5 models Won first place in their respective segments of the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index (CACSI). At the BMW Group China, we integrate quality and safety standards into the entire lifecycle of our products. With our unwavering commitment to the highest standards anda qualityfirst culture, we take every measure to ensure the health and safety of our customers. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202328 Premium Quality and SafetyOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202329 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Premium Quality and Safety QUALITYFIRST CULTURE Our qualityfirst culture is a core strength of our business, from R&D supply chain, and production, to final products and services delivery. BMW Brilliance promotes the BMW iFACTORY strategy in the automotive manufacturing process, striving for a zerodefect mindset and ensuring the highest standards of precisiontargeted work. This qualityfirst culture in our business units, divisions and industry partners, drives our joint pursuit of excellence. In 2023, we strengthened collaboration and partnerships with the auditor community which covers the German Association of the Automotive Industry, business partners and BMW worldwide, in our unwavering pursuit of the highest quality. TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT The BMW Group China maintains a rigorous quality management framework to ensure all products and services meet the highest standards for quality and safety. All our manufacturing bases in China are ISO 9001 certified, with the latest renewal audit in 2023. We continually fortify our total quality management system, with the Quality Management System Quality Circle (QCQMS) playing a pivotal role. QCQMS facilitates regular meetings to assess and enhance our quality control practices. PRODUCT SAFETY PRACTICES Product safety serves as a fundamental foundation for the BMW Group China. Based on research of awide range of reallife accidents, we are always refining the safety performance and features of our products. We adhere to stringent yet practical quality and reliability standards and conduct thorough tests based on reallife incidents assessment to ensure maximum safety for drivers and occupants at all times. ENSURING PRODUCT QUALITY We craft premiumquality vehicles that meet highest standards, using advanced processes and technology and rigorous quality checks. We constantly monitor and interpret all regulations that apply to highquality design and production. Starting with product design and R&D, we use more than 70 test benches to conduct over 100 distinct approval tests, covering areas such as emissions, safety, and NEVs, for stringent quality control. TOPPED THE CHINA AUTOMOBILE CUSTOMER SATISFACTION INDEX (CACSI) Five of our models defended titles in their own segments of the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index in 2023. BMW 3 Series Top Bclass Luxury SedanBMW 5 Series (Longranged and PHEV 1) Top Cclass Luxury SedanBMW X 5 Top Cclass SUVBMW X 1 Top Aclass Luxury SUVBMW X 3 Top Bclass Luxury SUV 3 5 X 5 X 1 X 3 The Shenyang production base sits at the core of our manufacturing excellence. The Tiexi Plant employs cuttingedge digital tools, including 3 D modelling, virtual reality (VR) technology, and virtual debugging, to facilitate efficient product development and inprocess testing. The plant uses an industryleading production management system and realtime location tracking technology to provide instant, transparent information during the vehicle assembly process. Every vehicle's quality data, such as geometric data, is tracked at different stages of production to ensure the highest product quality from the first process to the final vehicle rolloff. For China's local manufacturing, we developed the EMT 2 practice for faster decisionmaking and problemsolving on quality issues. If a risk is identified, an independent quality management team collaborates promptly with R&Dand the procurement teams on corrective measures. This ensures that nonconforming parts or vehicles do not proceed to the next stage until the issue is resolved. By adhering to this comprehensive quality management system, we demonstrate our commitment to innovation and technological leadership, ensuring that every BMW product delivered to Chinese customers meets our high standards of safety and quality. 1. Plugin hybrid electric vehicle. 2. Integration of R&D, Procurement, and Production.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202330 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Premium Quality and Safety We ensure that all hazardous materials are managed according to the BMW Group's Global hazardous material approval process. We strictly comply with European Union (EU) and China regulations for hazardous material management, including Directive 2000 53 EC on of Endof Life Vehicles (ELV), REACH 1, China's GB T 30512 Requirements for Prohibited Substances in Automobiles, and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's (MIIT) Management Requirements for Hazardous Material and Recyclability of Automobiles. By complying, we effectively manage hazardous substances in parts and components, reducing or replacing these substances when necessary, to provide customers with safer and healthier transportation options. Our hazardous materials data is submitted inaccordance with the China Quality Certification Centre Material Database System (CQC MDS) and China Automotive Material Data System (CAMDS) requirements. We have also established a hazardous material exemption list, CARING FOR CUSTOMER HEALTH We maintain rigorous standards, constantly seeking advanced technologies to provide customers with products that sustain comfort and safety. By using components crafted from high quality materials, we ensure that our products meet evolving design and standards requirements. Our comprehensive approach to protecting the health of our customers begins with tight monitoring of every production stage, from raw materials to finished vehicles. This process includes thorough checks for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and odours in the vehicle, ensuring compliance with the standards outlined in China's Guideline for Air Quality Assessment of Passenger Car (GB T 27630). All BMW Brilliance vehicles undergo testing under extreme conditions that simulate customer usage, which follows our stringent standard that exceeds the industry compliance level. 1. Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals, an EU regulation. with suppliers completing exemption applications in advance each year, reflecting our continuous efforts to optimise our supply chain management. We are committed to improving the efficiency of hazardous material management, contributing to vehicle safety and environmental protection. Over the years, we have developed many hardware measures to create a more comfortable passenger experience by reducing interior noise. For instance, we are bringing in more sound insulating materials for new local projects, with a specific goal to improve the acoustic comfort for our Chinese customers. We have also invested in digitalised methodologies, such as active noise cancellation (ANC) which uses software to reduce interior noise. We believe from an acoustic perspective, this is a significant advancement from conventional solutions toa more sustainable approach for the future. ANC reduces the need for hardware measures, which means lower weight and emissions. PROMOTING DRIVING SAFETY Enhancing driving safety is crucial to safeguarding the lives of our customers. We actively engage with our customers to jointly promote the concept of safe driving. Through the BMW M Driving Experience China programme, we provide comprehensive training to cultivate safe driving habits and enhance drivers skills in navigating complex road conditions. In 2023, the programme attracted 15, 062 participants. EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE IN CHINA INSURANCE AUTOMOTIVE SAFETY INDEX (CIASI) Structural crashworthiness 0 defects Safety index of pedestrians outside the vehicle excellent Safety index of passengers in the vehicle excellent Total vehicle assisted safety score scoring rate of 96. 6 FORECAST We will continue to uphold the qualityfirst culture and enhance our product safety practices. Through continuous technological innovation and quality enhancement, we aim to deliver high quality products to enable the best driving experiences for our customers. To further deepen customer understanding of product health and safety, we are planning to launch a marketing campaign to promote a healthy and wellbeing lifestyle in 2024 and beyond. In structural crashworthiness, the BMW X 1 received an excellent rating and achieved zero defects. In maintainability, the BMW X 1 was the only vehicle to receive an excellent rating in 2023.
2. 2 SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS Effecting global change begins with transforming ourselves, and we have embraced this notion by enhancing our products, business practices, and services through technological innovation. These efforts align with our goals of mitigating the impacts of climate change, paving the way towards a sustainable future. 100 Retired HVBs recycled in China. 351, 634 Pieces of spare parts recycled, weighing over 766 tin total. 99, 972 Retail NEV deliveries in 2023 Increase of more than 69. 1 since 2022. SDG 9, 12 and 13 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202331 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202332 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO We fully support the Group's strategic objective to be the most sustainable manufacturer for individual premium mobility. Aligned with local governments goals, we are accelerating the transition to Emobility and dedicated to further increase efficiency for conventional drive technologies. We believe the future of transport is electric, digital and circular. We are optimising our product portfolio. BMW Group plans to increase its share of allelectric vehicles in the global sales to 50 at latest by 2030. With sustainability in mind, BMW Vision Neue Klasse concept vehicles adopted much wider use of raw and secondary materials produced with reduced CO 2, the Neue Klasse will also provide significant impetus for resourceefficient individual mobility. The Vision Neue Klasse is BMW s vision of the future of mobility. BMW Group China offers a diversified and strong electric car portfolio demonstrating BMW s resolute transition to Emobility. As of the end of 2023, we have introduced six fully electric models in the Chinese market the groundbreaking BMW i 7, the allnew BMW i 3, the BMW i 4, the BMW iX, the BMW iX 3 and the BMW iX 1. BMW Group China achieved 99, 972 retail NEV deliveries throughout 2023, representing a yearonyear increase of more than 69. 1. Our entire fleet from ICE to BEV upholds BMW s distinctive driving pleasure while aiming for less energy consumption and being more environmentally and socially responsible. At BMW, our goal extends beyond simply offering means for transportation we aim to provide innovative and sustainable mobility solutions to lead the future of individual mobility. By accelerating the global electrification of the BMW Group, we are paving the way for a future that prioritises environmental responsibility and sustainability. We are fully committed to optimising fuel efficiency and curtailing CO emissions. Compared to 2022, corporate average fuel decreasing from 7. 24 l 100 km to 6. 99 l 100 km for imported models, and from 6. 08 l 100 km to 6. 03 l 100 km for domestic models. These remarkable achievements reflect our unwavering commitment to advanced automotive electrification and sustainability. AAAAA BMW Brilliance has been awarded the AAAAA rating in the China Automotive Technology and Research Centre s Green Development Index for five consecutive years.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202333 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CARBON FOOTPRINT REDUCTION AND INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS BMW Group China is at the forefront of sustainable automotive innovation, seamlessly integrating global strategies with local advancements. The company's commitment to sustainability is evident in its use of recyclable and biobased materials, aswell as its efforts to enhance both environmental stewardship and consumer awareness. Coupled with our innovations in energy efficiency, aerodynamics, and lightweight design, we ensure that our vehicles deliver exceptional performance while reducing environmental impact. PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE ASSESSMENT BMW Group China has undertaken a comprehensive Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of our models, identifying opportunities to reduce carbon dioxide (CO 2) emissions along the value chain. In 2023, BMW Brilliance has strengthened its commitment to sustainability by conducting a comprehensive LCA analysis of the New X 1 model. This analysis has included the assessment of the full life cycle carbon footprint, a crucial step that has contributed significantly to our CO 2 reduction efforts. Additionally, BMW i 5 e Drive 35 L has acquired a 5 star rating in China Green Car Assessment Programme (CGCAP) review in 2024. SUSTAINABLE DESIGN CONCEPT BMW Group China's design philosophy for sustainability aligns with BMW s global design strategy, ensuring customers receive an outstanding experience in China and worldwide. Our At Home in China innovation approach tailors the globally established design concept to local cultural nuances that cater to the needs of the Chinese market. At the core of BMW s design concept lies a commitment to strengthening circularity. This practice, aligned with the BMW Group's BMW i 5 e Drive 35 L 5 STAR RATING IN CHINAGREEN CAR ASSESSMENT PROGRAMME (CGCAP) ASSESSMENT It provides an independent, impartial, professional, and comprehensive evaluation of automotive green indicators, starting from invehicle air quality, electromagnetic protection, range, charging, carbon footprint, and other measurement indicators of industry and consumer concern. initiatives, emphasises the use of recyclable and innovative materials. In addition to rethinking processes and manufacturing technologies, BMW aims to raise customer awareness of a product's environmental impact. Sustainable design at BMW goes beyond conservation to achieve more with less. Collaborating with worldwide innovators and artisans, BMW designers strive to deliver premium driving experiences with sustainable concepts, embracing innovative and inspirational aesthetics.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202334 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION AERODYNAMICS Aerodynamics is an important factor in optimising vehicle performance and energy consumption. For our new BMW X 1 iX 1, various technologies have been adopted to reduce aerodynamic drag. LIGHTWEIGHT CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN Lightweight construction contributes to lower fuel consumption, greater range, and more enjoyable driving experience. For instance, the new BMW X 1 sport utility vehicle features multiple measures to achieve lightweight construction for reduced weight and improved energy efficiency. ENERGY EFFICIENCY BMW aims to improve vehicle energy efficiency and range through innovative solutions. Max Range Mode The BMW iX 1 and i 5 vehicles are equipped with the new Max Range drive mode. It can maximise range efficiency for unexpected situations where owners are unable to fully charge the car's battery, such as when the charging station is out of order. By activating this mode, users can increase the range by 15 to 25. Panel heating BMW iX s panel heating is automatically controlled by the intelligent automatic air conditioning. It supports heating of the interior and heats the instrument panel, the glove compartment, the door trim panel above the armrest, the armrest itself as well as the center armrest and the steering wheel. The provision of heat can be done quickly and quietly. The heat is distributed via thermal radiation, which, compared with the traditional heating method, helps to increase passenger comfort while increasing energy efficiency. Aluminium bonnet to increase transverse and longitudinal dynamics. Optimised roof spoiler and aeroblade in the standard package for all models in X 1 iX 1 series. Underbody assembly customised for both BEV and ICE models to reduce air resistance and reduce uplift. Wheel design optimisation and tyre selection for various wheelbases to reduce air and rolling resistance. Highstrength steels side impact beams to further increase car body strength.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202335 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION PRODUCT RESOURCE UTILISATION AND CONSERVATION PROMOTING SECONDARY MATERIALS USAGE BMW Group China is dedicated to maximising the incorporation of secondary materials across our product lines through strong collaborative partnerships with our supplier base. Our supply chain practices, and material standards align closely with BMW Group's global guidelines, prioritising an increased usage of recycled and repurposed materials while fulfilling stringent safety requirements, ensuring our vehicles and components adhere to all relevant performance and quality criteria. By working closely with our manufacturing partners, we achieved an accumulative scrap steel recycling volume of 82, 639 tin 2023. At the same time, we are able to recycle a total volume of 1, 041 t raw material 1 through High Voltage Battery closedloop recycling. Materials used in the production process are recycled to the raw material manufacturers, and then remanufactured and reused in the production process. Plastic is one type of secondary material in which we have made significant progress. Over the years, we made significant research achievements in the industrial processes of plastic, aswell as product development and verification. We also gained valuable experience in applying recycled materials to existing products, including the BMW 3 series, the BMW iX 3, and the BMW X 5. This research has been a major step forward in our commitment to sustainable development. We also raise customer awareness of secondary materials through material labelling. Sustainable products are also about rethinking. By helping customers consider their views about sustainable materials, we can help to strengthen their connection with products that use secondary materials. Premium sustainable materials are always BMW s goal while also achieving low carbon and environmental targets. INNOVATIVE BIOBASED MATERIAL We launched innovative research with our suppliers to add biobased materials into plastic, including coffee grounds and other plant fibres. Highquality textile finishes and leather alternatives are already available today for seat and interior surfaces of various types. We offered an upholstery variant, including vegan leatherette 2, in the new BMW 5 Series. At the same time, we are also developing new biobased surfaces as part of our materials research in cooperation with startup companies. PIONEERING IN SUSTAINABLE BATTERIES HVB The accelerated adoption of new energy vehicles (NEVs) has led toa corresponding surge in the retirement volume of highvoltage batteries (HVBs) year over year. Implementing a robust system for the recycling and repurposing of these HVBs is of paramount importance to safeguard the ecological environment and ensure the sustainable, healthy growth of the NEV industry. BMW Group China is proactively collaborating with industry partners to cultivate a sustainable, circular, and highquality ecosystem for the lifecycle management of China's HVBs. Through these strategic partnerships, we aim to drive the responsible endoflife processing and value extraction from retired battery packs, strengthening circularity for electrified mobility solutions. BATTERY SECONDARY USE BMW Group China evaluates different use case scenarios for retired HVBs before they are dismantled to maximise their lifecycle value. One application is their use in forklifts in BMW Group China's manufacturing base. By replacing leadacid batteries with used lithium batteries, the performance of forklifts is improved, and maintenance requirement reduced. Further research is being done with partner companies to optimise the potential of relevant applications. Other scenarios for retired HVBs include their use as stationary batteries for energy storage. Batteries are reinstalled and repurposed for energy storage at the end of their product cycle. 82, 639 t Scrap steel recycled from production process. 1, 041 t Raw material recycled through High Voltage Battery closedloop recycling. 1. Raw materials collected from HVB include lithium hydroxide, nickel sulfate, cobalt sulfate, copper, aluminium, and mangenese. 2. BMW Group innovative vegan interior materials with leatherlike properties. 2
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202336 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BATTERY RECYCLING Through deepening cooperation with professional battery transportation and battery recycling partners, BMW has established a sound management process for highvoltage power battery recycling. Through continued closedloop recycling, we facilitate the recycling of critical materials, including nickel, lithium and cobalt, which will be returned to our battery suppliers for the production of new HVBs. In 2023, our HVB closedloop agreement extended coverage from cars made in China to include all imported vehicles. BMW Group China currently recycles 100 of its retired HVBs in China, including customer car batteries, batteries sourced via dealers, and production test batteries from BMW plants in Shenyang. It is estimated that CO 2 emissions can be reduced by 70 by implementing a closedloop system that maximises the resale value of retired HVBs and reduces the need to mine raw materials. BATTERY INTEGRATED IT SYSTEM TO IMPROVE TRACEABILITY AND RECYCLING EFFICIENCY Our IT system assists the company comply with national battery regulations, including tracing and coding. By connecting different stakeholders, including dealerships, logistics services providers, and raw material recyclers, our smart IT system can efficiently and effectively achieve closedloop traceability. Meanwhile, we integrate digital solutions onto existing tracing platform to streamline logistics routing for collecting retired HVBs to ensure logistic operation efficiency. Currently, the entire BMW Group China dealer network has been fully integrated into the HVB lifecycle management ecosystem for better recycling efficiency. AMPLIFYING PARTS REMANUFACTURING The underlying idea behind a remanufactured part is recycling. The BMW remanufacturing process accurately repairs old parts that meet the recycling requirements, and the standardised process significantly reduces carbon emission and wastewater emissions as well as the use of raw materials in the production process. BMW Group China is strengthening its position as a leader in circularity by accelerating the expansion of our remanufacturing capabilities and scope. In 2023, we expanded our parts return programme and enhanced research and development efforts in remanufactured parts within our aftersales division. This has bolstered our inventory of remanufactured parts and led to increased material recycling efficiency. ADVANCING PARTS REMANUFACTURING AND MARKET DEPLOYMENT In 2023, beyond promoting and accelerating the development of remanufactured parts, we focused on speeding up remanufactured parts deployment in the market. With parts like electronic steering gear, transmission, fourwheel drive transfer cases, air condition compressors etc., our remanufactured parts are accepted by the market. Our synergy between cuttingedge research and development coupled with a strategic market goto market approach positions BMW Group China at the forefront, poised to lead the industry and shape consumer trends. We take immense pride in the progress we have made thus far and remain unwavering in our commitment to promoting sustainable practices through comprehensive recycling initiatives and the remanufacturing of automotive components. REMANUFACTURED PARTS PRACTICE Original standard, same guarantee BMW remanufactured parts adopt highly demanding technologies and techniques and use the same assembly process as the original new products. They follow BMW s unified standards for strict functional testing and enjoy the same 2 year unlimitedmileage warranty policy as the original new parts. PROMOTING PARTS REMANUFACTURING AND RECYCLING PROGRESS At BMW Group China, proactive actions were promoted to realise the precise management of parts remanufacturing and recycling in a highly effective manner. We expanded the scope of recycling parts. As a result, we collected 351, 634 pieces of parts for remanufacturing and recycled an impressive 766 tons of material, including 285 tons of iron and steel, 230 tons of aluminium, 177 tons of plastics, 57 tons of paper, seven tons of fabric, five tons of rubber, and five tons of glass in 2023. 100 Retired HVBs recycled in China.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202337 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION FORECAST Looking ahead to 2024, the BMW Group is positioned to introduce even more captivating NEVs in the China market. Furthermore, our plans involve developing sustainable materials tailored specifically to the needs of the Chinese market and increasing the percentage of secondary materials utilised in our vehicles. By prioritising sustainability across all facets of our operations, we are committed to creating a better future for our planet and delivering exceptional value to our customers. Regarding materials, our collaboration with suppliers will persist in promoting the utilisation of secondary raw materials, while ensuring standardised energy and CO 2 management through verification audits. We are steadfast in our commitment to prioritising sustainability across all facets of our operations, thereby contributing toa brighter future for our customers and the planet. At the same time, our ongoing investments in research and design for remanufactured parts aim to expand our offerings to include pumps, and electrical air conditioning compressors. Continuing the progress from previous year, the new online platform system for parts reverse logistic evaluation will be completed in 2024 and ready to proceed for the launching phase.
2. 3 CUSTOMERCENTRIC SERVICES SDG 7 and 9276, 682 Of NEV users connected on the My BMW App. Premium customercentric service drives our pursuit of excellence. Our dedication to meeting and exceeding customer expectations shows in every aspect of our operation. We incorporated sustainable innovations into our service processes, prioritising responsible marketing, a seamless digital customer experience, tailored financial solutions, and effective customer engagement to foster deeper connections. 588, 550 Public charging pillars in more than 320 cities in China in 2023. 25 vs 2022 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202338 Customercentric ServicesOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202339 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CUSTOMERCENTRIC APPROACH Guided by customercentric ethos, we strive to establish a lasting bond and enrich engagement with our fans, supporters and potential customers. We expanded our charging infrastructures providing multiple charging options. Leveraging the power of digitalisation, the My BMW App delivers a seamless digital experience to our customers. Hearing the voice of customers, we continuously improve financial and aftersales services, and use AI technology to enhance our products aswell as our customers experiences. CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE Avital component of our lowcarbon services is a comprehensive, convenient, and efficient charging experience tailored to meet the evolving needs of our customers. In 2023, we collaborated with State Grid EV Service to provide renewable electricity for charging NEVs, advance charging technology research and innovation, and promote exceptional charging service. Through this ecosystem, we aim tobe a leader in sustainable charging solutions. EXPANSION OF CHARGING NETWORK As China's NEV market blooms, there is acritical need to expand charging infrastructure. BMW Group China is dedicated to providing customers with a seamless experience by enhancing our charging infrastructure and providing multiple charging options. PRIVATE CHARGING For private charging, we provide highquality Wallboxes and installation services. The new generation of smart Wallboxes has been designed to offer customers intelligent features, including plug and charge functionality, remote control capabilities, remote diagnostics, and the ability to perform overtheair (OTA) upgrades. These Wallboxes can be shared among multiple users by activating the sharing function under a common administrator. The smart charging Wallboxes provide customers with the option to schedule charge times during offpeak electricity pricing periods. This feature aims to raise customer awareness about peak and offpeak electricity usage times, thereby helping to reduce the strain on the electricity grid. PUBLIC CHARGING For public charging, we worked with additional Charging Point Operators (CPO) to widen the application of Easy Charge technology. As of the end of 2023, BMW customers could access more than 588, 550 public charging points in China. In August 2023, BMW launched the BMW Super Charging Station project, with highpower charging stations, supporting up to 600 kW charging power, open to all brands of electric vehicles. Ajoint highpower charging network has also been established in China. The joint venture will deliver a premium, seamless and digital experience to customers. The partnership was announced in 2023 and the first stations are planned to begin operating in 2024 in the top NEV regions. At least 1, 000 stations nationwide with around 7, 000 charging piles are targeted tobe installed by the end of 2026. CHARGING AT DEALERSHIPS We implemented charging at dealerships to better demonstrate charging services to customers. By the end of 2023, 615 dealer charging stations were available nationwide. Advanced 3 in 1 dealer charging stations were introduced to engage more dealerships. These integrated stations combine solar power generation, energy storage, and vehicle charging capabilities into a single solution. By prioritising the use of green electricity at dealership charging stations, the BMW Group China reinforces its commitment to sustainability goals. GREEN CHARGING SERVICES To effectively reduce BMW vehicles CO 2 emissions in the use phase, the BMW Group China is continuing its partnership with State Grid to provide charging services. To ensure traceability and transparency, State Grid has implemented a blockchain system for renewable electricity source tracing. The system encompasses details such as renewable electricity type, electricity generation province, energy consumption province, charging station location, and the amount of renewable electricity consumed. To encourage the adoption of renewable electricity practices, State Grid issues Green Electricity Tracing Certificates to BMW customers and provides opportunities and incentives for customer engagement, aiming to inspire customers to embrace sustainable behaviours in their daily lives. Aligned with the increasing sales of allelectric BMW vehicles and the promotion of renewable electricity, BMW NEVs charged a total of 89, 708 k Wh of green energy with 3, 179 green charging orders generated in 2023.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202340 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 276, 682 of NEV users connected on the My BMW App. DIGITAL CHARGING SERVICE Digitalisation is essential when it comes to connecting BMW s customers, products, services and brands. The BMW Group China provides comprehensive charging services to customers and dealers through the My BMW App. This onestop platform supports customer usage, experience, and dealer business operations, granting both customers and dealers access toa charging portal. The portal offers a wide range of services, including charging guides, digital services, charging community and membership, online charging support, and more. By the end of 2023, 276, 682 of NEV users connected on the My BMW App. An inapp customer feedback mechanism for private and public charging services has been added to the My BMW App, with functionalities such as satisfaction surveys, online evaluations, anda Charging FAQ portal. Additionally, the BMW Instant Charging Circle, an open community within the app, serves as a platform where the official account Charging Power Bank periodically provides users with charging service information, professional knowledge, Q&As, aswell as thoughtful gifts and holiday greetings. This community allows users to enjoy reliable and intelligent charging services. DIGITAL CUSTOMER JOURNEY Through digital transformation, such as the implementation of automatic activity notifications and other service tools functionalities, we have fortified our online operational capabilities. We have seamlessly integrated traditional business models with technology, resulting in a more comprehensive and intelligent comprehensive service experience. This digitalisation process has not only elevated the quality of BMW s services but also fostered adynamic and efficient ecosystem among customers, diverse products, comprehensive services, and the BMW brand. The My BMW App enables us to engage with customers throughout the day. Through continuous upgrades, it offers convenient features for customer activities, such as making car down payments, scheduling services, remotely controlling vehicles, and accessing BMWrelated news. In 2023, we introduced personalised Monetary Credit, which offers customers select deals in the Ecommerce section. The app also launched local lifestyle products tailored for Chinese consumers, to provide customised and diversified products. The My BMW App also introduced innovative functionalities such as a digital key, which enables consumers to easily start the car with their mobile phone. The app has maintained a consistent rating of 4. 9 5 star rating in the Apple Store and its total registered user has exceeded 10 million, reflecting high user recognition and satisfaction. BMW dealers are an extension of our customerfocused services, and their connections to customers are important to us. We have bolstered the SPARKDMO digital platform to support BMW dealers to have seamless and personalised online to offline services. Our digital transformation has also played a role in mitigating our environmental impact. As we transition our traditional services to paperless process, the SPARKDMO platform avoided the consumption of 97 million pieces of paper in 2023, contributing to the achievement of our sustainable development goals.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202341 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES IN CHINA Financial services continue to playa pivotal role in BMW Group China's longterm sustainable growth. We recognise that providing customers with diversified financial products and services encourages customers to make more responsible purchasing choices. In 2023, we have taken several measures to enhance BMW s sustainable financial services in China, following the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) framework aligned with the BMW Group. We provided support for the promotion of NEVs through competitive campaign programs on loan and leasing offerings. We focus on comprehensive risk assessments, adhering to China's financial supervisory authority requirements and promoting compliance awareness through internal communication and training activities. To accelerate electrification in China, we collaborate closely with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to provide customers with more flexibility and foster customer enthusiasm for nonfossilfueled transportation by offering competitive financing solutions tailored for Battery Electric Vehicles (BEVs). In 2023, our loan and leasing products covered awide range of BEV models, such as the BMW iX 1, BMW i 3, BMW iX 3, BMW i 4, BMW iX and BMW i 7. We provide attractive loan and leasing offerings in seasonal campaigns with marketing activities across digital and traditional channels, featuring lower interest rates for selected BEV models. In 2023, Herald Leasing the leasing service provider of BMW Group China further embraced the innovative BEV sales concept of the Deep test drive for 1 or 2 year residual valuebased leasing products for BMW i 3 and BMW iX 3. For example, the 2 2 Joy Select Plus product provides customers with two years balloon payment extension after the initial leasing contract term of two years, giving them greater flexibility in the way they pay for usage. Additionally, Herald Leasing launched Joy Select Plus for the BMW iX with a combination of attractive monthly payments and low down payments. In July 2023, BMW iX Joy Select customers received a complimentary virtual charging card. All these activities provide our customers with a diverse range of flexible financial options for BEVs. AFTERSALES SERVICE QUALITY A superior customer experience is the main touchpoint for the BMW Group China to earn customer trust and enhance our brand value. We adhere toa customercentric approach, pursuing excellence in service quality management, and delivering service experiences that exceed customers expectations. We have innovated and upgraded the feedback collection functionality of our Customer Board Platform to continuously boost customer satisfaction and dealer performance. This measure has optimised
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202342 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION our operational procedures, elevated service quality, and laid a solid foundation for the ongoing improvement of customer experience. In 2023, over 300 dealers actively used this platform and implemented more than 911 aftersales action plans, demonstrating our deep understanding of customer needs and our relentless pursuit of service excellence. We also connected customer feedback with sophisticated problemsolving engines using data analytics techniques and artificial intelligence (AI) to optimise our service quality. In 2023, our customer feedback analysis was strengthened by incorporating Voice of the Customer data, customer surveys, and outbound calls. This analysis was used to drive continuous improvement in customer experience. HEARING THE VOICE OF CUSTOMERS At BMW Group China, we recognise the importance of genuinely listening and understanding our customers to provide excellent products and services. Adhering to a customercentric approach, we continually innovate in technology by upgrading our customer feedback collection channels, analytical platform and closedloop mechanisms. This allows us to strive towards delivering product and service experiences that exceed our customers expectations, while consistently enhancing our product & service quality. Throughout the entire customer journey, from product inquiries, showroom visits to test drives, offers, vehicle handover, and posthandover services, we gather feedback to ensure we comprehend our customers needs at every touchpoint. Additionally, we maintain close communication with our dealers to enhance their capability to deal with customer issues. To streamline operational procedures, we have enhanced the feedback collection functionality of our Customer Board Platform, introducing additional tools and best practices tailored for our dealers. Furthermore, we have introduced a Voice of the Customer Mechanism that uses AI to analyse customers pain points and expectations of service quality and product improvement. This ensures seamless collaboration across all facets of our business, allowing us to continuously refine our offerings based on the direct input from our valued customers.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202343 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CUSTOMER PRIVACY PROTECTION At BMW Group China, consumer privacy holds paramount importance in our approach to data governance. We firmly believe that protecting privacy is integral to delivering exceptional customer service and experiences. To maintain the trust of our valued customers and partners, we prioritise customer privacy at BMW Group China. We use policies, standards and processes to safeguard the security and accuracy of our data while ensuring compliance with all pertinent regulatory requirements across China and beyond. To process customer data in a clear and consistent manner, we have established a robust process to respond to potential data security incidents. When an incident occurs, the incident manager will immediately assess the scope of the impact and coordinate with relevant departments to act. Through these measures, we strive to maintain transparency and accountability in our data management practices, fostering trust and confidence among our stakeholders. Compliance of the BMW Group China with data protection laws and regulations National and industry levels The Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) of the People's Republic of China (PRC)The Data Security Law of the PRC The Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial) Corporate level The interdisciplinary Data Governance ProjectDATA SECURITY RESPONSIBILITY IN INTELLIGENT CONNECTED VEHICLES We maintain a high standard of data protection, employing rigorous procedures, tools, and instructions to safeguard customer privacy. With the rise of OEM digitalisation, compliance requirements have been raised to address Intelligent Connected Vehicle (ICV) data privacy and security. We have responded by enhancing compliance measures to address the challenges of ICV data privacy and security. This involves adhering to both EU and Chinese regulations, such as UN Regulation 155 and in China, The Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial). We also anticipate upcoming approval requirements, such as the Technical Requirements for Vehicle Cybersecurity and General Requirements for Vehicle Data. To mitigate the risks associated with ICV security and customer data privacy, we conduct comprehensive Security Process & Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) for all products prior to their launch and subsequent iterations. This ensures that information security factors will be considered from the product design stage onward, reflecting our commitment to delivering safe and secure intelligent connected vehicles.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202344 Customercentric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT RAISING AWARENESS OF SUSTAINABILITY We offered multilayered experiences at events, such as World Environment Day, MISSION i and the China International Import Expo (CIIE) in 2023, which enabled customers to experience our brand. BMW has always been concerned with environmental issues, exploring and innovating through the circularity concept. On World Environment Day, we leveraged online creative videos and BAVA, a pair of art toys crafted from recycled materials - BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, to tell the story of recycling in an entertaining manner and convey our sustainability vision to customers. BMW also participated in the CIIE, by designing a special corner themed No Premium without Sustainability. It showcased BMW s strategy in sustainability, its R&D footprint in China, and the BMW i Factory strategy for Emobility, including a display of the iX 5 hydrogenpowered model and other models. WORLD ENVIRONMENT DAY AND BAVA World Environment Day was an opportunity to convey BMW circularity concept to customers. Through a combination of online creative video and BAVA, BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, we told the recycling story. BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, The Limited Edition BAVA, a series of art toys crafted from recycled materials, delivered this message in a fun and joyful engaging way. FORECAST Looking ahead to 2024, BMW remains committed to actively listening to our customers voices through optimised communication channels, and using AI technologies to respond to customer needs more precisely. We will also promote sustainable financial services, making NEVs accessible to diverse customer segments. By enhancing customer engagement, we will raise awareness of sustainability, contributing to a greener future in alignment with the Paris Agreement. During our customer engagement events, we introduced our climatefriendly concept to emphasize our commitment to sustainability. In 2023, our MISSION i event was launched in Shanghai. Central to the event was the showcase of BMW s BEV family, while simultaneously highlighting our strides in electric vehicles. We had a surge in interest in our electric vehicles following the event.
Environmental stewardship is a core responsibility that guides our actions. We assess the environmental footprint of our vehicles across the entire value chain from the sourcing of raw materials to production, facility management, distribution logistics, and the vehicle's sale to customers at the dealership. Our focus is on maximising energy efficiency, conserving resources, and promoting circularity through reuse and recycling. We are continually improving production through sustainable methods to deliver an outstanding product while being mindful of our planet. CHAPTER 3 PRODUCTION AND OPERATION 03 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202345 3. 1 Resource Consumption and Efficiency 46 3. 2 Green Logistics 55 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
3. 1 RESOURCE CONSUMPTION AND EFFICIENCY At the BMW Group China, we aligned with China's national decarbonisation targets aswell as those of the BMW Group. We evaluate the potential impacts and risks in all phases of our production and operation. By fostering a highly adaptable production line, we not only conserve resources but also promote transparency and circularity in the production process. -2. 8 Water consumption per vehicle produced vs 2022. -8. 3 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions per vehicle produced vs 2022. 100 Use of renewable electricity for all manufacturing sites and 36 nonmanufacturing sites. -5. 3 CO emissions per vehicle produced vs 2022. -1. 3 Energy consumption per vehicle produced vs 2022.-14 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced vs 2022. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202346 SDG 7, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 15 Resource Consumption and Efficiency OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202347 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency BMW iFACTORY STRATEGY ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT The Technology & Manufacturing Sustainability Steering Circle within the BMW Group China and BMW Brilliance is a senior management group that meets monthly to review our sustainability strategy and key projects. The Circle oversees and directs efforts to reduce CO 2 emissions, improve energy efficiency, minimise waste and water consumption, improve secondary material application, and other aspects. A Green Plant Circle at each plant continuously optimises environmental key performance indicators (KPIs) through developing innovative projects and enhancing production efficiency. We are dedicated to improving environmental management and overall performance by exchanging ideas with plants around the world. In 2023, all our production sites were ISO 14001 2015 Environmental Management System certified. Our environmental management teams work closely with the compliance department to ensure that we comply with current regulations and policies. TARGET -DRIVEN APPROACH The BMW Group is progressing quickly to minimise our environmental impact, with concrete goals and comprehensive management approaches. The BMW Group China uses a systematic and scientific approach to set environmental goals that are in line with the BMW Group each year. In 2023, the BMW Group China met all our annual environmental targets related to CO 2 emissions, water consumption, waste management, energy use, and VOCs emissions. BMW iFACTORY utilises innovative technologies that facilitate flexible, efficient production with the aim of minimising the use of resources and promoting digital solutions. BMW iFACTORY is not only redefining the orientation of our plants but is also setting new standards in climate protection. BMW iFACTORY IN CHINA Our approach in China is incorporated with local culture and strength to be faster and more effective in industrialising products with the best fit for local production and customers. Our five China oriented strategic pillars underpin our commitment to pioneering sustainable manufacturing practices tailored to the unique dynamics of the Chinese market, harmonising economic progress with environmental stewardship and human capital development. EFFICIENT AND HIGHLY FLEXIBLE PRODUCTION Our production increased by more than 250 within just nine years by following the principles of efficient and highly flexible manufacturing, seamless integration, and variability across processes. The constant improvements in our production ensure the highest standards for our customers. RESOURCESAVING AND CIRCULAR We are continuously optimising energy and resource utilisation while minimising emissions across all processes. The impressive savings of over 65 CO emissions and 30 water consumption per vehicle produced within six years shows our commitment to resourceefficient and circular practices. Our close collaboration with partners to recycle, reuse materials and procure secondary materials constantly increases the percentage of recycled content in our products and parts packages. DIGITALISATION TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE MANUFACTURING Digitalisation is a keyenabler for the sustainable optimisation of the entire production process. We develop an organisation with digital talents to implement digital solutions which add clear value to our manufacturing processes. For instance, AI based technology boosts our production quality and enhanced visualisations improve our speed, accuracy, efficiency and collaboration. MASTERING COMPLEXITY WITH THE RIGHT MINDSET AND EXPERTISE Our associates and our unique blended international culture are the most valuable assets for our successful future. We create opportunities for talent growth to nurture a diverse workforce with resilience and adaptability to succeed in an everchanging, complex business landscape. FASTER DECISIONMAKING AND PROBLEMSOLVING We perform as cohesive unit by harmonising expertise and resources of our Research and Development, Purchasing, and Production teams. This crossfunctional approach enables prompt and effective measures to address risks and seize opportunities, with a sharp focus on the unique needs of our Chinese customers.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202348 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency PRODUCTION AND OPERATION CARBON STEWARDSHIP Seep. 97 for the details of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions. Seep. 115 for the Basis of Reporting of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions. Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in tCO 2 CO 2 e) BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change T otal Greenhouse gas emissions 29, 201, 934 32, 560, 605 34, 780, 313 6. 8 39, 720, 941 40, 211, 085 1. 2 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions 1 50, 937 54, 306 57, 309 5. 5 54, 306 58, 532 7. 8 Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions 2 71, 604 76, 121 80, 662 6. 0 76, 121 81, 109 6. 6 Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 29, 079, 393 32, 430, 178 34, 642, 342 6. 8 39, 590, 514 40, 071, 444 1. 2 BMW Group China's Carbon Footprint in 2023 0. 03 Scope 3 emissions Employees commuting 0. 03 Scope 3 emissions Business trips 1. 19 Scope 3 emissions Disposal 58. 91 Scope 3 emissions Utilisation phase 0. 15 Scope 1 emissions Direct emissions 0. 20 Scope 2 emissions Purchased electricity and heat 37. 45 Scope 3 emissions Purchased goods and services 2. 04 Scope 3 emissions Logistics Scope 1 emissions - Direct emissions 1 Scope 2 emissions - Electricity heat purchased 2 Scope 3 emissions - Purchased goods and services 3 Scope 3 emissions - Logistics 4 Scope 3 emissions - Utilisation phase 5 Scope 3 emissions - Disposal 3 Scope 3 emissions - Business trips 6 Scope 3 emissions - Employees commuting 7 1. Direct CO 2 emissions generated by fossil fuel consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), aswell as the direct CO emissions of company vehicles of BMW Group China, excluding the fossil fuel consumption of construction and onsite suppliers of BMW Brilliance plants. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). The emissions of company vehicles refers to the direct CO emissions generated from company vehicles that are controlled by BMW Group China, and the emissions are calculated based on kilometres driven and the corresponding emission factors. 2. Indirect CO emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity and purchased heating of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), excluding the purchased electricity and purchased heating consumption of construction and onsite thirdparty suppliers. Scope 2 CO emissions calculated using the marketbased method in accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance issued by the World Resources Institute. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). 3. Emissions of the vehiclerelated purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. 4. Logistics emissions include the emissions from logistics of material supply of the plants, the distribution of vehicles and the aftersales. Logistics emissions are based on the mode of transport, weight transported and the distance travelled in kilometres. Emissions factors are derived from contemporary standards such as the GLEC Framework V 3. 0 and DIN EN 16258 ISO 14083. 5. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (asper VDA 900100). 6. Business trips emissions include employees air travel for business purposes. 7. Employee commuting emissions include trips by shuttle bus between Shenyang downtown and BMW Brilliance plants. As an integral part of the BMW Group, our operations in China are firmly committed to aligning with the organisation s sustainability goals. A paramount objective is an 80 reduction of Scope 1 and 2 CO 2 emissions per vehicle produced, compared to 2019 baseline levels, by the year 2030. Our production processes account for most of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, which includes emissions from natural gas, purchased electricity and heating. To manage this, we launched a transition to renewable electricity sources in 2019. As of 2023, the BMW Group China used 100 renewable electricity 1 for all manufacturing sites in Shenyang and 36 nonmanufacturing sites across the nation. We continue to make stepbystep progress in our transition to renewable electricity. We are exploring alternative technology and resource options jointly with local governments and partners.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202349 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency LOWCARBON ENERGY TRANSITION The automotive industry's transition to lowcarbon production calls for significant change in our energy structure and energy consumption. Aligning operations with sustainability imperatives requires a comprehensive overhaul of energy strategies anda fundamental shift in resource utilisation approaches. In 2023, the BMW Group China's total energy consumption was 1, 267, 107 MWh. Fuel from nonrenewable resources accounted for 24, heating consumption for 22, and electricity consumption accounted for 54. GEOTHERMAL WELL FOR RENEWABLE HEATING To further reduce GHG emissions from heating, a geothermal well test was conducted in 2023 to explore the use of green heating in the Gen 6 Battery Powertrain Plant. With extensive research and collaboration with partners, we aim to have the first CO 2 free heating plant in Shenyang, achieving a reduction in emissions of 18, 000 t year by 2025. ONSITE SOLAR INSTALLATION In 2023, our onsite capacity of solar PV installation achieved 89. 8 Megawatt peak (MWp) across our Shenyang base a 21 increase from 74. 4 MWp in 2022. In 2023, the total poweredon capacity of solar PV has reached 90. 2 MWp for the Shenyang base and the Beijing nonmanufacturing operative site. Electricity generated by onsite solar PV was more than 89. 66 Gigawatt hours (GWh), an increase of approximately 40 yearonyear. assessments for various use cases are underway to evaluate alternative energy sources for heating, such as geothermal and biomethane gas, as sustainable replacements for fossilbased fuels. For electricity used in production, we have achieved 100 renewable electricity use. This comprehensive transition was facilitated through a multipronged approach deploying onsite solar photovoltaic (PV) panel installations, securing green electricity via power purchase agreements (Green PPAs), and purchasing internationally recognised renewable electricity certificates (IRECs). We continue to raise our standards for use of renewable electricity. We are committed to improve Green PPAs and the percentage of onsite solar electricity in our renewable electricity portfolio and gradually phase out use of green electricity certificates to provide more direct environmental benefits. In addition, we are exploring the feasibility of using other forms of renewable electricity, such as biomethane, to diversify our renewable electricity portfolio. Research indicates that it would be feasible for Powertrain Plant foundry equipment to consume biomethane and a test plan is in development. Through this multipronged strategy spanning a fuel transition in heating, adoption of renewable electricity, and the evaluation of innovative alternative energy sources we reinforce our dedication to minimising global warming impacts. CO 2 Emissions per vehicle produced in tCO 2 vehicle 0. 17 20210. 19 20220. 18 20230. 19 2020 20190. 21 Green Electricity Consumption Categories at Production In GWh PPA Solar 2021 2022 2023 2020 201989. 66543. 44 16. 90432. 18559. 66 64. 24373. 75 17. 91380. 30 18. 34 For direct emissions and emissions from purchased heat, our objective is to gradually transition to more efficient and clean energy options. In 2023, we accelerated the replacement of coal with natural gas, a fossil fuel with approximately 50 lower global warming potential. To increase energy efficiency, we continue accelerating the switch from coal boilers to natural gas heating and eventually electric boilers to complement our low carbon energy transition efforts. The system was installed in the Plant Tiexi and Powertrain Plant in 2023, following installation at the Plant Lydia and the Plant Dadong Extension in 2022. While the remaining GHG emissions from production operations primarily stem from natural gas consumption and purchased heat, we are actively exploring longterm solutions. Technical feasibility
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202350 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency ENERGY EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT In line with the ISO 50001 certified Energy Management System, we are improving energy efficiency as part of our production practices. Driving energy efficiency across our production operations is a multifaceted endeavour. For management measures, we optimise shift schedules to stagger operational hours with peak energy demands, ensuring judicious resource utilisation. Through rigorous testing and refinement protocols, we are able to precisely calibrate energy requirements, eliminating overconsumption. For equipment and technology, we maintain regular infrastructure upgrades, such as transitioning to energyefficient LED lighting and optimising air handling units in the heating, ventilating and airconditioning (HVAC) system. Using intelligent energy management tools, we minimise energy drain by implementing sleep modes that reduce preheating times for energyintensive equipment and by curtailing commissioning periods for noncritical systems. This synergistic approach integrating schedule optimisation, infrastructure digitalisation, process refinement and smart energy controls helps us to reduce energy consumption per vehicle produced and lower CO 2 emissions. INTEGRATING DIGITAL SOLUTIONS We recognise that reaching ambitious sustainability goals demands a systematic transformation approach, which entails a comprehensive assessment of operational performance impact. The integration of in MWh vehicle 20191. 63 1. 51 1. 401. 601. 58 2020 2021 2022 2023 Energy Consumption per vehicle produced digital solutions and data is essential for this process. In addition to existing digital platforms, which assist in acquiring data on energy consumption, AI based technology is introduced as pilot to steer daily operation and check monthly energy targets by providing intime energy consumption analysis, future energy consumption forecast and potential energy efficiency improvement measures. We are currently scaling AI based technology to Plant Lydia, including all the workshops, canteens and facilities. With optimisation of accuracy and automated reporting, it can greatly enhance operator's work efficiency.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202351 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency RESOURCE AND ENVIRONMENT Natural resources are important to the manufacturing process, but resources are limited. Efficient use of resources and recyclability are core tenets driving our green production initiatives. Improving resource productivity and optimising resource and material use is essential element of sustainable growth. We are minimising resource consumption across our production phases to reduce our environmental impacts. This includes conservation and recovery of water, recycling, and reduction of waste and VOCs emissions. WATER STEWARDSHIP Water is akey resource in the production process. Our aim is to minimise potable water consumption despite growing production demands. The water usage applies to both the plant production process and daily operation. We are moving towards closedloop water systems and expanding use cases for reclaimed water. We have established facilities to recycle wastewater, and we are scaling up our onsite water treatment stations to provide steady water supplies for production and operation. At the same time, we have expanded the scope of our reclaimed water usage scenarios. Since 2016, reclaimed water use has expanded from irrigation of landscaping plants touse in painting shops and cooling towers. In 2023, we used 100 reclaimed water for greenery irrigation, and increased use of reclaimed water in our production and operation process. Additionally, we are introducing use of municipal reclaimed water to further meet our manufacturing needs. In 2023, wastewater recycling achieved total volume of 159, 325 m for all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase compared to 2022. Our yearly potable water usage per vehicle produced has decreased for six consecutive years, and we plan to extend water recycling initiatives across all manufacturing sites. 51. 4 Total recycling volume of wastewater in all plants vs 2022. 100 process wastewater recycled In Plant Dadong Extension, Plant Tiexi, and Plant Lydia. in m 3 vehicle 20192. 40 1. 971. 82 1. 771. 72 2020 2021 2022 2023 Water Consumption per vehicle produced in kg vehicle 20197. 47 2. 99 2. 502. 001. 72 2020 2021 2022 2023 Waste for Disposal per vehicle produced
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202352 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency WASTE REDUCTION AND DISPOSAL Proper waste management means minimising waste generation and improving resource efficiency. We prioritise waste reduction, disposal management and recycling. We believe in waste reduction at the source, and practise waste classification through employee awareness programmes. We collaborate with suppliers to recycle steel and aluminium scraps from the production process. We are also exploring innovative solutions to minimise waste disposal volume. For example, using cement kiln joint disposal technology, we are able to use ceramic andiron mud from our engine factories as raw material forcement production through cooperation with thirdparty cement factories. We also installed sludge dryers at all vehicle plants, which reduce waste volume and weight by 40 to 50 via dehydration. The Powertrain Plant achieved zero landfill waste in January 2023, and we aim to achieve zero landfill waste for all vehicle plants from 2024. in kg vehicle 20190. 520. 50 0. 12 0. 12 0. 11 2020 2021 2022 2023 VOCs Emissions per vehicle produced LAND USE AND BIODIVERSITY Sustainability is inherently intertwined with environmental and ecological preservation. In every stage of site selection, construction, and operation, we are dedicated to mitigating the footprint of our production on local vegetation, soil, and biodiversity. Atour Shenyang manufacturing base, we integrate naturebased solutions into the planning and construction of new projects, such as sponge city design to collect and use rainwater and soil conservation techniques. At Plant Lydia, we have chosen indigenous plant species to reduce maintenance and watering and minimise impacts on the ecosystem. In this way, we support habitat rehabilitation for local plant and animal life. These efforts help us preserve biodiversity and minimise land degradation, while promoting ecological wellbeing in the surrounding environment. 1. Solvent (volatile organic compounds) emissions are especially generated during the painting process. All potential and current wastehandling suppliers are subject to rigorous assessment to ensure regulatory compliant waste handling and disposal. This entails regular audits and onsite inspections of their documentation and waste management. VOCS EMISSIONS REDUCTION VOCs are organic solvents that are mainly emitted from paint shops in the vehicle production process. At the BMW Group China, we take a multilayer approach to reduce our VOCs emissions. First, by optimising our painting technique, we reduce paint usage while maintaining good coating results. Second, we are continually upgrading our coating materials to options with lower VOCs content. Third, we have onsite recycling to distil solvent 1 used in painting for reuse. With our stateoftheart VOCs treatment facilities, we conduct realtime monitoring and digital management at all manufacturing sites.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202353 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency WORKING ENVIRONMENT AND MINDSET BMW s commitment to sustainable practices transcends vehicle production; it encompasses our 36 nonmanufacturing facilities, including offices, Research and Development Centres, Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Brand Experience Centres, and Training Centres. Creating a sustainable working environment has become essential part of BMW s daily operation in China. A sustainable workspace not only helps to reduce energy consumption and waste, but also attracts new talent and raises employee awareness on the importance of holistic sustainability. We integrate sustainability into every aspect, from site selection and architectural design to construction and facility management. We aim to minimise the environmental impact of these sites in terms of CO 2 emissions, waste production, and resource consumption. Moreover, at BMW, we prioritise engaging our employees in sustainability. Their efforts can have a multiplier effect to drive real change within our society fora more sustainable future. SUSTAINABLE WORKING ENVIRONMENT The BMW Sustainable Building Standard was launched in January 2023. It has been incorporated into the whole lifecycle of the real estate management process including site selection, design, construction and operation. It provides a set of measures to make our work environment greener and healthier and eliminate negative impacts on the environment. The standard is anchored in globally acknowledged criteria such as Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), WELL, and the National Standard on Building Management and Environmental Protection. By adhering to this standard we aim to achieve measurable sustainability goals at every stage of a building's existence. EMPLOYEE SUSTAINABILITY ACTIONS AND SUSTAINABLE LIFESTYLE Fostering a sustainable culture across the BMW Group China hinges on every employee personally engaging in daily sustainability efforts. We have designed green initiatives with this imperative in mind, promoting sustainable practices through environmental campaigns. These campaigns cover a variety of topics, including energy efficiency measures, proper waste classification and disposal, resource conservation practices, green transportation options, and the adoption of sustainable lifestyles. By actively involving our workforce, we are cultivating a deeprooted commitment to environmental stewardship and shaping a corporate culture grounded in sustainability principles. In 2023, we continued to promote sustainable lifestyles and actions among our employees. We provided a platform for employees to share their insights on sustainability and encouraged them to adopt positive behaviours in their professional and personal lives. Through a variety of online and offline interactive experiences, reaching 3, 855 associates, the campaign received overwhelmingly positive feedback, with a satisfaction rate of 99. This feedback highlighted employees concerns and ideas and laid the groundwork for future sustainability initiatives. By fostering collaboration across departments, such as Human Resources and the Trade Union, we achieved cost savings while further embedding sustainable practices within our organisation. Additionally, our external communication efforts garnered widespread attention, enhancing our brand image and emphasising BMW Group's commitment to advancing sustainable lifestyles and actions among its employees. Through engaging our employees in our sustainability endeavours, we aim to cultivate a culture of environmental responsible ownership and empower our workforce to actively contribute to the achievement of our sustainable development goals. It is important to us at the BMW Group China to engage our employees in our sustainability efforts, so that collectively, they can drive real change within our society fora more sustainable future. 1. Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design green building rating system. Green building certificates LEED 1 Interior Design and Construction Gold certificate for the Beijing Regional Distribution Centre (RDC) BMW Brilliance Automotive (BBA) office in 2023. LEED Interior Design and Construction Gold Certificate for Skylab Beijing in 2023.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202354 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency FORECAST In 2024, BMW will continue to promote AIbased digital solutions for production to enhance energy efficiency use. For example, our energy forecasting capabilities, based on dynamic data inflow, will enable proactive monitoring and timely alerts for abnormal consumption patterns. These initiatives will provide greater clarity on energy usage and improve energy efficiency across our production operations. To drive our lowcarbon transition, we will continue to promote use of renewable electricity sources. For heating, by exploring the use case scenarios for biomethane, we are phasing out fossil fuels step by step. For electricity in all manufacturing sites and 36 nonmanufacturing sites, we will continue use 100 renewable electricity while expanding our solar panel capacity and exploring wind turbine implications for sites with suitable conditions. Building upon the success of our water recycling initiatives, BMW will pursue opportunities for further efficiency gains in water management. Having achieved zero landfill waste for our Powertrain Plant in 2023, we will extend this commitment to all vehicle plants starting in 2024. This ambitious goal underscores our dedication to minimising our environmental impact and promoting sustainable waste management practices. For VOCs emission reduction, we will continue to optimise our working techniques, explore new material options and improve our solvent recycling process. For nonmanufacturing operations, we will pursue more outside recognition for green buildings guided by the BMW Sustainable Building Standard. We will continue to promote a green and healthy workplace for our employees and reinforce our commitment to environmental sustainability in all aspects of our production and operation.
H 2 Trucks codeveloped with strategic partner. Hydrogen truck fleet will be operational in 2024. 3. 2 GREEN LOGISTICS Green logistics hold the promise of delivering tangible environmental benefits while safeguarding the longterm viability of our value chain. We have integrated sustainability into different aspects of our logistics operation. This includes reducing CO 2 emissions through transportation mode change, improving warehouse management and other numerous innovative initiatives to align with best sustainable practices. 20 ETrucks deployed in aftersales logistics. 40 ETrucks used across our Shenyang production facilities. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202355 SDG 9, 12, 13 and 17 Green Logistics OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202356 Green Logistics OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION LOWCARBON TRANSPORTATION MODE Reducing emissions from transportation across our value chain is essential to achieve the BMW Group China's goal of green transformation. We are expanding the adoption of lowcarbon and multimodal transportation, such as rail and sea freight, to reduce emissions and enhance operational efficiency. We used sea freight throughout 2023 for inbound production supplies, and the total sea freight transportation volume increased by 10 compared with 2022. We are also shifting from road freight to rail freight to improve logistics efficiency. In 2023, with four more suppliers switching to rail, we had a total of 14 suppliers committed to 100 use of rail freight. For finished vehicle logistics, we continue to optimise our distribution network to achieve a lowcarbon transportation network in 2023. We use finished vehicle logistic simulation tool continuously adjust the transportation network through accurate algorithm and flexible configuration, ensure its flexibility and provide more comprehensive plan for the longterm network planning of vehicle logistics. For aftersales parts transport, we used linehaul instead of air freight in Fujian, Guangxi and Guizhou provinces, achieving an annual CO 2 emission reduction of more than 105 tin 2023. At the same time, we refined our carbon emission statistics tool to calculate air freight more accurately. Guided by our lowcarbon strategy, the 2025 Aftersales Strategy, we have seta target to reduce our CO 2 emissions by onethird by 2026 for aftersales logistics. ALTERNATIVEPOWERED VEHICLE EXPLORATION To reduce CO 2 emissions from our logistics operations, we continually seek cleaner energy sources and more efficient transportation. ETrucks are our primary choice of clean energy vehicle for shortdistance logistics. For parts logistics, our collaboration with a logistics service provider has made us China's leading automobile manufacturer for allelectric shortdistance logistics. Our fleet of 40 ETrucks provide shortdistance parts transport around our Shenyang production facilities. We will continue to expand the use of ETrucks in the long term. We have also grown our aftersales logistics fleet to 20 ETrucks in 2023, which achieved a 40. 5 tCO 2 emission reduction. We are also exploring using hydrogen energy as an alternative fuel option for our trucks in finished vehicle logistics. We completed the evaluation of hydrogen energy and site selection fora hydrogen refuelling station, and anticipate that hydrogen trucks will start pilot operation in 2024. GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT LOGISTICS Effective warehouse management is an essential aspect of green logistics, encompassing both the physical infrastructure upgrades and the efficient use of energy and resources. We actively pursue green building certifications to enhance our overall green warehouse management. In 2023, the Beijing Regional Distribution Centre (RDC) and Skylab Beijing received the LEED Interior Design and Construction Gold certification. At BMW Group China, all the Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Vehicle Distribution Centres, Decentralised Distribution Centres, and our centralised parts recycling and removal facility, Relife Point, are powered by 100 renewable electricity 1. Additionally, we continue to make progress on sustainable production and operation through additional warehouse onsite solar PV installations. In 2023, the Shenyang RDC confirmed plans for construction of PV installations, covering 4, 000 m 2 of warehouse roof space. The capacity of the photovoltaic installations is 400 kW, sufficient to supply electricity to the warehouse during the day, with excess power incorporated into the national electric grid. We continue to promote paperless management by replacing paper documents with digital solutions. In 2023, we eliminated printing of transportation sheets and shipping notifications in the RDCs. By providing a digital inbound solution for 753 dealers on the Joychat mobile app, we saved 14 million sheets of paper at BMW spare parts warehouses in 2023. We will continue to implement green logistics practices in our internal warehouse operation. 4, 000 m 2 warehouse roof space covered. 400 kW photovoltaic installed. Shenyang RDC photovoltaic installations construction plan 1. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and IRECs.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202357 Green Logistics OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION GREEN PACKAGING As carriers of automobile components, containers play an important role in the supply chain, and directly affect parts quality and operational efficiency. Guided by a sustainable mindset, our packaging planning function continuously implements the 4 RE principle RETHINK, REDUCE, REUSE, RECYCLE to seek process optimisation and integrate lean concepts throughout the container's lifecycle. In 2023, this resulted in an emissions reduction of 3, 766 tCO. RECYCLE We have conducted feasibility studies and piloted the implementation of recycling and reutilisation nonsteel materials 1. In 2023, secondary material containers were used for new BMW 5 Series. 17, 289 pieces EPP containers have been used, which produced the mixture of 15 secondary material. It reduced emissions by 17 tCO. In addition, 50, 719 pieces of plastics containers, including 28, 358 pieces of small packaging cases, 20, 513 pieces of conpearls, and 1, 848 pieces of thermos, have been implemented, which produced the mixture of 20 secondary material. It resulted in an emissions reduction of 87 tCO. Meanwhile, we are also exploring the organic combination of biomaterials and plastics. REUSE For steel containers, Packaging Planning defined the standardization to reuse based on container status. 1159 pieces containers by 52 bin types are reused in new BMW X 1 iX 1, 2 series, X 3 iX 3, and 5 i 5 series, which brings 547 tCO emissions reduction. Additionally, 12 types of flexiblestructure containers, totaling 332 units, have been deployed. These containers feature adjustable designs to meet varying requirements, resulting in a significant reduction of 365 tons in CO emissions. For aftersales parts logistics since December 2023, Shenyang Regional Distribution Centre began using returnable packaging materials. In the initiation phase, it introduced two specific box types across 18 distribution dealers. After one month of implementation, 9 of oneway packaging are returnable. REDUCE In 2023, the mindset of Standardisation and Light Weight remains the focus for packaging concept development. Packaging Planning strives to design the qualified concept with lean materials. Also, lighter materials are used to replace steel. 12, 219 container pieces, by 85 bin types, were identified to optimise design, which resulted in an emissions reduction of 507 tCO. RETHINK Pcontainer, anew plastic universal container where the components could be replace separately if need, was designed and implemented in the new BMW 5 Series based on the modularisation concept introduced in packaging development. 1, 387 pieces of Pcontainers resulted in a 125 tCO emissions reduction. Apart from this, Cmodule structure, a modularization concept to inhouse containers, is partially implemented in BMW X 5 and i 3. Meanwhile, our binsharing project, which reduces container investment by recycling existing resources, reduced emissions by 181 tCO in 2023. In addition, a 171 tCO emissions reduction was achieved by the density optimisation of our universal bin packaging. SUPPLIER COMMUNICATION To awaken the sense and raise awareness of suppliers, we have also strengthened our dialogue on sustainability issues during audits. We encourage suppliers to use sustainable measures such as green electricity and optimise waste management systems in the production and commend their performance in Annual Packaging Supplier Day. In the process of promoting green packaging, the sustainable development awareness of suppliers continues to increase. FORECAST For our aftersales logistics fleet, we aim to expand the use of NEV trucks in aftersales logistics to 50 of daytime deliveries for dealers in metro areas by 2026. For finished vehicle logistics, we will start a trial run for hydrogen trucks in Shenyang. Additionally, we aim to continue to reduce paper consumption, including use of paper shell boards during logistic process and paper user manuals for end customers. For green packaging, packaging planning will continuously optimise the business module guided by the 4 RE principle. We remain dedicated to the reuse and recycling of containers, the pursuit of lightweight design, and the research and deployment of lowemission containers. Concurrently, we will keep engaging suppliers to jointly explore innovative projects. To further contribute to our action on climate change, we will work with all our partners to progress green transformation and decrease the carbon footprint of the whole value chain. 1. Nonsteel materials include, but are not limited to, expanded polypropylene (EPP), plastics, conpearl and thermos. 3, 766 t CO 2 emissions reduced by integrating 4 RE principles in green packaging. 50, 719 pieces Recycledplastics containers implementation in 2023. 9 oneway packaging are returnable for aftersales parts logistics.
04 The potential impacts from climate change are affecting the security, robustness, and resilience of the auto industry value chain. Dealers and suppliers are not only our partners, but they are also a cornerstone of the sustainability journey. Our suppliers are the backbone of our highquality products, and our dealers are the gateway for excellent customer services. We respond to challenges in the market and jointly shape a sustainable, environmentally friendly, and resilient value chain. CHAPTER 4 DEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN 4. 1 Dealer Management and Empowerment 59 4. 2 Purchasing and Supplier Network 65 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202358 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
4. 1 DEALER MANAGEMENT AND EMPOWERMENT Our dealers are key to excellent customer service. The BMW Group China is rising to the challenges of climate change and social expectations by working closely with our dealers through our Dealer Network Transformation Green Star project, dealer empowerment, and dealer EHS enhancement activities. At the same time, we continue to enhance our dealer capabilities and strengthen the recognition of our sustainable offerings and product transformation. We are aiming to forge a green and lowcarbon dealership network, hence to provide a wholesome experience during business activities. 937 Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide. 251 dealers BMW dealerships awarded NT Green Star certification by the end of 2023. 11, 000 New energy related certifications obtained by dealer workforce. SDG 7, 8, 9, 13 and 17 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202359 Dealer Management and EmpowermentOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202360 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment BMW DEALER NETWORK TRANSFORMATION GREEN STAR The BMW Group China is partnering with dealerships to cultivate a sustainable service ecosystem for our customers, who increasingly focus on sustainable lifestyles. We launched our dealer Network Transformation (NT) Green Star Project in 2022 to empower dealers to provide sustainable customercentric services and to create a positive impact on stakeholders and local communities in terms of sustainable transformation. By the end of 2023, 251 dealerships had been awarded the NT Green Star certification increased from 50 dealers at the end of 2022. To facilitate the networkwide sustainable transformation of dealers, BMW Group China has provided dealers with allround support under the NT Green Star project. We have issued a series of guidebooks to encourage dealer partner's transition to energy efficient and sustainable GREEN ENVIRONMENT We are focusing on the client experience when designing the hardware of our dealership showrooms to build an efficient, safe, comfortable and environmentalfriendly space. Dealer's operational energy consumption was reduced by adopting highefficiency enclosure structures and equipment. By adopting measures including green coverage, natural lighting and natural ventilation, we seek to create a suitable experience space for our customer. We also applied green building materials certified by national standards to ensure the environmental safety and reduce carbon emissions during the construction process. GREEN POWER Our BMW Dealership Green Power Application Guidebook provides technical guidance to dealers on purchasing and applying green power fora lowcarbon transition in operations. In 2023, 251 dealers used green power via Green PPAs, distributed solar panel installations, and internationally recognised renewable energy certificates. Renewable electricity used by NT Green Star dealers accounted for over 80 of their total electricity use, in total 147, 485 MWh of green power. GREEN OPERATION We encouraged our dealers to embed sustainability concepts into their daily operation, such as digitalised services to reduce paper consumption and switching to operational materials with lower carbon footprints. Facing the development of new energy vehicles, we also acton national initiatives and have setup recycle rooms for highvoltage batteries (HVBs) in 517 dealerships for customer convenience. GREEN ENGAGEMENT We developed a Green Engagement Activity Guidebook to empower our dealers to undertake sustainablethemed activities to engage more customers on green issues and to increase the influence of the NT Green Star Project. operations with assistance from planning to implementation of NT Green Star Project practice. The NT Green Star Lighthouse is version 2. 0 of the NT Green Star Project and it covers the use of high energy efficient technology, procurement of 100 renewable electricity, and local cultural initiatives. Our NT Green Star Lighthouse sets the benchmark for the design and operation of green dealerships. In 2023, the Xibaohang store in Wuxi became the first NT Green Star Lighthouse. Inspired by the traditional Chinese courtyard house, the architectural layout pays homage to local heritage by having an inner courtyard at the core. The facade design combines modern materials and traditional construction techniques with white terracotta bricks that feature in regional vernacular houses. The rooftop terrace keeps a traditional residence showing our inheritance and preservation of traditional culture. Moreover, this store uses 100 renewable electricity along with a groundsource heat pump system and solar panel to lower emissions from operations. The open water court located in the centre of the building can be filled with rainwater to minimise the ecological footprint of the building. To encourage more dealers to join BMW Group China's climate action, we have selected and issued 20 green pioneer dealers with our BMW Group China Dealer Sustainability Award. We also invited our customers involved in the BMW Group China Dealer Sustainability Award to vote to enhance customer engagement. We anticipate an evergrowing number of dealers joining us in green transformation. 80 renewable electricity used by NT Green Star dealers. 517 dealerships set up highvoltage batteries (HVBs) recycle rooms. Green Engagement Activity Guidebook developed for dealers empowerment.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202361 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment DEALER EMPOWERMENT AND ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS) We are also stringent about dealer EHS compliance to ensure a healthy environment for dealership teams and customers. To enhance a robust and vibrant dealership network, we involved EHS risk management into dealership network management. Through comprehensive risk analysis, we continually upgrade our EHS management initiatives to reduce the potential risks during business activities and improve customer experience. In 2023, we updated our EHS policy framework to align with national and local environmental, health, and safety regulations and to work with all our dealers to optimise their operational processes. Through regular audits, selfinspections and risk assessments, we identify and mitigate potential EHS risks in a timely manner. In 2023, we conducted 1 round of audits covering all dealers and strengthened dealers selfmanagement through EHS selfinspection via Retail Standards Audit. In addition, in 2023, we delivered a monthly EHS Express, covering local regulatory updates and best practices to equip our dealers with skills and knowledge for effective EHS management. We also held four workshops in Shanghai, Chengdu, Shenzhen, and Beijing with industry experts on industry best practice in leading edge. We also issued short videos and a monthly newsletter related to green operation through the BMW Joylearning App. We will continue to enrich our dealer EHS programme to build a sustainable dealer network. SUSTAINABLE DEALER EMPOWERMENT Our dealers are key drivers of change in our pursuit of sustainable development. We are committed to enhancing dealer capabilities, strengthening the value of the BMW brand, and building an agile organisation with a strong dealer network delivering on our customercentric strategy. We provide comprehensive support for our dealer partners to strengthen the brand fora winwin relationship. Thus, we provide a robust driver for the healthy, stable and sustainable development of the dealer network. SUPPORT DEALERS TO RESHAPE THEIR CAPABILITIES AND ACCELERATE TALENT TRANSFORMATION Talent development and transformation for dealers is key to BMW Group China's sustainable business growth. Centered around creating values for customers, we provide learning and development opportunities for both frontline and management functions of our dealerships to improve their capabilities for premium customer experience and enable them to adapt to the rapid development and changes within the industry. RESHAPE THE COMPREHENSIVE CAPABILITIES OF FRONT -LINE EMPLOYEES We offer a comprehensive onboarding training system for our dealership'snew employees, which is essential for enhancing their job competencies and helping them understand the core values of the BMW Group China. The onboard training highlights sustainable development as a mandatory topic, and this is crucial for deepening their understanding and recognition of BMW brand's commitment to sustainable development. The BMW Group China is continually expanding our electric product lineup, which poses significant challenges to the capabilities of the frontline dealership workforce. So we provide timely and comprehensive BEV training courses and certification systems for frontline staff through both online (BMW Joylearning) and offline channels to enrich their knowledge base and enhance professional skills of BEV products for premium customer services. By the end of 2023, 5, 242 Sales Consultants, 3, 687 Service Advisors and 2, 247 Technicians obtained BEV related certifications. At the same time, we have created new functions such as Test Drive Genius and Charging Expert to improve the instore customer service experience. We launched a customised Test Drive Genius course for dealers frontline sales partners to improve staff professionalism and service skills in a systematic and practical way. We also offer training for Charging Experts to help dealers improve the charging service experience of new energy products for customers. In 2023, BMW dealers fully activated the online marketing strategy utilising social media and live broadcasting platforms. BMW China Training Academy provided social media operation guidance to 102 stores, created four online microcourses for live streamers and social media supervisors, provided tailored training on social media operation and management for more than 300 dealer partners, and worked collaboratively with each region to enhance the customer acquisition capabilities of dealership live broadcasts. 1. The Allnew 5 Series Product Launch Training 2. Social media operation training 1 2
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202362 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment EMPOWER MANAGEMENT TALENT DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFORMATION The transformation of the automotive industry, especially the rise of new energy vehicles, the iteration of digital technologies and shifts in customer behaviour, has posed new requirements and challenges for dealership management. In addition to providing comprehensive career advancement channels and learning and development mechanisms, we also enhance the capabilities of dealership management talent through key talent empowerment programmes. We offer advanced training courses for general managers and sales managers of our dealer partners. The courses focus on topics such as strategic thinking, strategy execution, innovation and organisational change. In 2023, we also held 10 BMW GKL (Grand Klasse) Business General Manager Workshops, in which the training for 156 dealer general managers and area managers on sales management and customer experience for the new 7 Series was delivered. Additionally, to enhance the leadership skills of dealership management, the BMW Business School organised study tours for two groups of MBA students from dealership management. These tours included onsite experiences and understanding of the strategic significance of the Hexi Corridor and the Silk Road, enabling participants to advance in business transformation and innovation. EMPOWER MINI PARTNERS TO EMPLOY NEW SALES MODELS The MINI brand has implemented a retail transformation strategy and launched a new business model. To help MINI partners quickly master the knowledge and skills required for business transformation, we have developed a comprehensive empowerment system with online and offline training, coaching and digital Q&A tool The Answerer for Product Genius, General Managers and MINI Store Managers. During the transition period in 2023, 229 Product Genius passed onboarding training, and 145 Product Genius passed the MINI qualification certification. In addition, we completed the first round of instore coaching for all 143 MINI partners within 80 days. In July 2023, we conducted the second round of business coaching for 74 MINI agents. Through the agile and iterative empowerment mechanism, we quickly identify business pain points and cocreate solutions with MINI partners and related business departments, laying a solid foundation for MINI s business transformation. ENHANCE MOTIVATION AND RETENTION OF TALENTS AND BUILD BRAND CONFIDENCE Talents in our dealer network provide premium service and drive the industry forward. They also disseminate brand culture. Therefore, it is 1. MINI brand new sales model onsite coaching 2. MINI brand seminar on new sales model transition 2 1 crucial for us to select, motivate and retain the best dealership talent. BMW China Training Academy works together with the BMW Group China headquarters, regions and dealers to select outstanding talents. At the end of 2023, there were 5, 503 senior talents and 3, 307 elite talents within dealer network, accounting for 29 of the total number of frontline workforces in the network. By holding competitions and talent sales clubs, we identify talents and buildup a platform for their career development. The elite management staff also have the opportunity to participate in the BMW Business School for further study. Through our BMW GKL Elite Sales Club and Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors, we select top sales talents for specialised roles to inspire dealer talents and build their sense of belonging to the BMW brand, so they can convey BMW s brand value to Bimmers, customers and other stakeholders. 2023 BMW GKL ELITE SALES CLUB Through our BMW GKL Elite Sales Club and Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors, we select top sales talents for specialised roles to inspire dealer talents and build their sense of belonging to the BMW brand, so they can convey BMW s brand value to Bimmers, customers and other stakeholders.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202363 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment RELAX, WE CARE 2023 BMW NATIONAL AFTERSALES SERVICE COMPETITION OF EXCELLENCE (NASCE) NASCE 2023 was themed on the current business and future transformation, focusing on the ability enhancement of key frontline positions and core management positions to promote refined management, and help business growth and premium customer experience. During the competition, more than 5, 930 aftersales staff shared 243, 954 hot questions and answers, and 7 frontline positions in 690 dealers participated in online learning to refresh their knowledge, with 1, 349 replicable excellent management cases produced across the network. NEW PRODUCT LAUNCH TRAINING In 2023, the BMW China Training Academy held new product launch training for dealer partners for the new i 7, the new 7 Series, the new BMW iX 1, the new BMW X 1, the new BMW 5 Series and the innovative BMW i 5. For sales and aftersales positions, product function and design were elaborated in detail, and professional guidance on sales skills and aftersales service skills were provided. 2023 BMW NATIONAL M BRAND SALES COMPETITION In 2023, we held the firstever 2023 BMW National M Brand Sales Competition, providing a stage for the country'stop M sales talents to display their competencies. A total of 609 top sales talents participated in the online competition, with the top 14 contestants gathered for the offline finals. Competitors not only strengthened their professional skills, but also improved their knowledge. Outstanding sales elites were identified as brand ambassadors and benchmarks for excellence. Effective motivation and retention of talents also stem from their confidence in the brand. Through national competitions and new product training programs, BMW China Training Academy deepens dealer partners understanding of the BMW brand and continuously enhances dealer partners confidence in the BMW brand and team cohesion. 2023 PREMIUM CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE AMBASSADORS We worked with dealers to select 30 Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors in 2023 to promote customeroriented cultural transformation. For this reason, based on our annual business priorities, we focused on the aftersales business and formulated the selection criteria around improving the customer experience and delivering brand value.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202364 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment BMW Joylearning App average online learning time peruser 54. 4 hours. BMW Joylearning App average daily active user (DAU) 12, 819 users. FORECAST In 2024, we will accelerate our NT Green Star Project for the sustainable transition of the whole dealership network by encouraging more dealerships to earn the NT Green Star certification. We will continue to upskill dealership management and reshape staff capabilities, strengthen the quality of our talent pool, reinforce confidence in our brand and products through talent empowerment and incentive programs, build an efficient and agile organisation, promote sustainable brand development, and deepen the influence of dealerships within BMW network. These efforts will support the upgrade of dealership operation models for sustainable business growth. To reshape dealers capability, brand training and upgraded sales courses would be used to consolidate the foundational abilities of dealers. With the aim to upskill dealership management, we leverage the Operation Management Competition of National Sales Competition, refresh the management curriculum system, and execute focused coaching initiatives, fully committed to driving the ongoing upgrade of dealership operation management models and the sustainable growth of business profitability. We will enhance brand confidence through the new 5 Series Product Experience Training, attracting more dealer partners to become Bimmers. Additionally, the 2024 National Sales Competition will focus on test drive, social media, GKL sales, and team operation competition. We will enable best practice sharing for talent promotion and boost incentives for retention of frontline talents. By continuously improving GKL Elite Sales Club and sales training camp, we can enhance the confidence and passion of dealer elite talents for the brand and maximise their value and contribution. We also plan to launch a new BMW Brand & Customer Institute with The Resonance Space in Beijing and Guangzhou Training Center with digital and immersive training experience to deliver an exciting brand journey of JOY. In 2024, we will sustainably develop The Answerer into a business tool for frontline staff, and release a series of content management functions to help dealer users obtain highquality business solutions faster, including Editor's Pick section, smart sorting, merging duplicate questions, aswell as searcher optimisation. At the same time, we will incentivise more frontline dealer talents to join the The Answerer enabling community to share the latest information and proven business solutions. BUILD AN EFFICIENT AND AGILE ORGANISATION THAT STIMULATES INDIVIDUAL CREATIVITY The BMW Group China aims to build an efficient and agile organisation that encourages individual creativity. With our digital training platform, we support our dealers in adapting to changing market expectations. We are continuously improving the content and functions of our BMW Joylearning App. We are also exploring the options such as Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies for efficient and highquality talent development for our dealers. The Answerer on Joylearning App is a business enabling platform for the whole dealership. In 2023, a total of 22, 619 questions, 233, 377 answers and 22, 390 business solutions were posted on The Answerer. With an agile content management mechanism, dealers can post business queries and quickly obtain highquality answers on The Answerer. Meanwhile, the Training Academy provides timely responses to frontline business hot issues through The Answerer's Newsletter. In addition, by building an effective user incentive mechanism, The Answerer encourages dealers to share successful experiences and proven business solutions to enable the sustainable development of dealer business. We continue to evolve the dealer training model to improve efficiency. We aim to improve training experience and efficiency through the use of Virtual Reality (VR), Augmented Reality (AR) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). We continue to enrich and update VR course content. In 2023, a cumulative of 25 courses have been displayed in BMW Joylearning, covering practical content such as engine maintenance and replacement, BEV highvoltage battery repair, and technical skills enhancement for Service Advisors. We also launched an AR applet for NEV models, enabling dealers to experience the highlights of EV products and improve sales skills in an immersive manner. In addition, frontline sales staff have been using our AI interactive practice system to improve customer service capabilities since 2020. 1. The Answerer's Newsletter on Joylearning App. 1
4. 2 PURCHASING AND SUPPLIER NETWORK Supply chain sustainability encompasses multifaceted actions to support decarbonisation commitment and to align environmental and social standards for China and BMW Group. The common goal can only be achieved through collaboration with our suppliers. BMW s supply chain sustainability management system in China enables the reinforcement of supply chain resiliency and the promotion of sustainable practices. By doing so, a growing number of our suppliers have integrated sustainability into their daily operations. 100 Of our aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity 1 since 2021. 400, 000 t CO 2 e reduction achieved in the upstream supply chain through contractually agreed decarbonisation measures implemented in China. 100 Challenge Rounds 2 completed by BMW with Tier 1 suppliers for upstream subsuppliers. 100 Renewable electricity adopted for selfproduction by all HVB cells suppliers. SDG 7, 8, 10, 13 and 171. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and IRECs. 2. Both remote and onsite assessments. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202365 Purchasing and Supplier NetworkOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202366 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY Building an efficient, robust, and lowcarbon supply chain is one of the key tasks for BMW Group China to ensure longterm value creation. For this reason, we are implementing persistent approaches that focus on the following three pillars Increase the use of renewable electricity Promote the use of secondary materials Encourage the adoption of lowcarbon technology ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK In 2021, BMW Group China put in place the bespoke Supply Chain Match Plan China, which is an integrated management framework to enable a more sustainable supply chain in China. In response to the changing social and economic agenda, we adjusted the supplier sustainability management structure in 2024 to refocus on supply chain priorities in China across social, environmental, compliance, digitalisation, and stakeholder engagement topics. In 2023 we introduced the Supply Chain Energy Management Strategy in China to aid upstream supply chain decarbonisation, enabling supply chain green transformation. To increase transparency and accountability, BMW Group engages an external service provider to annually review supply chain decarbonisation measures in series production. In 2023, BMW Group China's local suppliers integrated contractually agreed decarbonisation measures into supply chain carbon accounting. As a result, the recognisable decarbonisation measures 3 contributed over 400, 000 tCO 2 e reduction for local supply chain during the reporting period. Meanwhile, our effort to build a sustainable supply chain was also recognised by receiving the national Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise Certificate from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise Certificate Issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). 1. Direct (Scope 1) carbon emissions are emissions generated onsite from the activities an organisation owns or controls. 2. Indirect (Scope 2) carbon emissions include indirect emissions generated from purchased energy. 3. Including the use of renewable electricity and secondary raw materials within local BMW Brilliance models. Strategy, Method & CO 2 Management Updated Supplier Sustainability Management Structure Enabling, Interactive Function & ITDue Diligence Circular Economy & CO 2 measures Production Electrification Supply Chain Energy Management Strategy CO 2 Reduction Energy Efficiency Energy Transformation We have firmly integrated environmental criteria into our supplier selection and management process, which includes a procurement strategy that weights the utilisation of renewable electricity and secondary materials as key selection criteria. We encourage suppliers to establish a systematic approach to energy management by leveraging the ISO 50001 energy management system. We have also initiated the electrification of production processes to reduce supplier's direct carbon emission 1 and encourage the use of renewable electricity to reduce supplier's indirect carbon emission 2.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202367 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN The upstream automotive supply chain involves the procurement of raw materials and parts, including steel, nonferrous metals, and HVBs. A large share of automotive manufacturing s energy consumption and carbon emission comes from the production and processing of these materials. In China, BMW is dedicated to developing, alongside our value chain partners to make a significant impact in improving energy efficiency and accelerating the energy transition. Strong collaboration and partnership are needed within the supplier network to implement series of nationwide lowcarbon initiatives. For the existing supply chain energy structure and production technology, the adoption of renewable electricity is an effective and robust way to reduce carbon emissions in the supply chain. BMW Group specifies 100 renewable electricity usage in future BMW product manufacturing as part of the directsupplier (Tier 1) nomination requirements. At the end of 2023, around 50 of supply chain electricity consumed by nominated local directsupplier (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. Meanwhile, 100 of our aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity since 2021, and all of our HVB cells suppliers have adopted 100 renewable electricity in their selfproduction process. To further empower our suppliers in the journey, we also enhanced our digital platform to assist the lowcarbon transition. We have developed digital training modules to enrich suppliers knowledge and level up management expertise of renewable electricity. Moreover, we also advised suppliers on the accessibility of renewable electricity based on local policies and regional conditions. Meanwhile, nominated suppliers report their electricity consumption for analysis via our Supplier Resource Dashboard. This allows BMW Group China to provide practical advice and insights to suppliers for energy efficiency improvement. ENABLING CIRCULARITY IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN We adhere to the Secondary First principle to reduce dependency on primary resources while ensuring product quality. To this end, we are working to expand the different types and volumes of secondary materials in the supply chain. In 2023, we continued to collaborate with suppliers on precious metals, aluminium, and HVBs recycling. We also piloted secondary plastic materials usage to produce brandnew interior and exterior parts for new vehicles. For more information about our use of secondary materials, please refer to Product Resource Utilisation and Conservation. Precious metals Achieved over 70 secondary raw material use of palladium and rhodium since 2022. Aluminium ingot foundry Achieved 50 secondary raw material use as of the end of 2023. Aluminium casting Achieved 75 secondary raw material use in our Rim pilot project and supplier. HVB Retired HVB closed loop for nickel, cobalt, and lithium recycling in 2023, secondary aluminium and nickel are used in battery cell production. Plastic 30 secondary thermoplastic material utilised in interior and exterior parts in our pilot vehicle project, such as rocker panel, bumper bracket, storage box, etc..
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202368 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CO 2 MANAGEMENT AWARD Shuaiyichi (Henan) New Material Technology Co., Ltd Shuaiyichi has actively supported BMW Group China's sustainable development. In addition to using 100 renewable energy for BMW Group China related production, Shuaiyichi tailored a closedloop aluminium recycling system for BMW Brilliance Automotive. CIRCULAR ECONOMY AWARD Yanfeng Plastic Omnium (Shenyang) Automotive Exterior Systems Co. Yanfeng is contributing to the industrial chain of recycled materials and supporting the sustainability efforts of BMW Group China. Yanfeng rigorously sorts recycled materials by examining their density, colour, and nearinfrared tests. It is estimated that the use of the recycled materials developed by Yanfeng could reduce carbon emissions by 20 to 50, compared to primary materials. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMATION & PARTNERSHIP IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN Collaboration is the only way to achieve supply chain decarbonisation. We work alongside our supply chain partners to explore, develop, and leverage BMW s leadingedge technologies to bring tangible solutions to the table. To address the low carbon transition in aluminium for vehicle production, BMW Group China cooperated with suppliers to signed joint Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) for electrolytic aluminium and recycled aluminium. By enabling renewable electricity in electrolytic aluminium production and using recycled aluminium material, we can reduce carbon emissions by 14 tonnes and 18 tonnes carbon reduction per tonne of aluminium produced respectively, compared to traditionally sourced aluminium raw materials. To celebrate our sustainable development achievements with suppliers, BMW Brilliance Automotive hosted a Grand Supplier Day in 2023 with the theme of Together, We Build a Sustainable and Resilient Supply Chain With Premium Quality. We also launched two Supply Chain Sustainability Awards the CO 2 Management Award and the Circular Economy Award to recognise outstanding initiatives and encourage supplier excellence. The event reinforced communication and united BMW Group China with its suppliers amidst shared challenges. 1 st Supply Chain Sustainability Awards granted on Grand Supplier Day.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202369 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVES FOR SUPPLIERS Socially responsible supply chain management can create, protect, and grow longterm environmental, social, and economic value for stakeholders across the value chain. The BMW Group integrates environmental, social standards and governance factors into its corporate sustainability strategy. With this strategy, BMW Group China has implemented socially responsible supply chain practices, whilst complying with local regulations. The sustainability targets of environment, health and safety (EHS) and social responsibility have been achieved through diverse projects, including thirdparty evaluation of sustainability questionnaires and regular assessments. At the same time, we have enhanced supply chain transparency within the purchasing process with due diligence action. In 2023, BMW Group China updated our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC) with enhanced requirements for responsible business practices, the use of critical raw materials, and environmental and social responsibilities. SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENT BMW Group China believes that robust supplier EHS management and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practices are the foundation of a sustainable supply chain. We advocate all stakeholders in our supply chain working together to further enhance EHS risk management efficiency, achieving highquality and resilient supply chain networks. Over the years, BMW Group China has cooperated extensively with suppliers to improve EHS performance and explore more efficient management approaches through BMW s Supplier EHS Management Programme. We engage independent third party service providers to conduct local riskbased EHS and CSR assessments so our suppliers can RESPONSIBLE SOURCING For BMW Group, responsible sourcing is the result of a holistic approach that considers economic, environmental, and social factors. We have formulated our Supplier Code of Conduct for raw material supply chains in accordance with environmental and social standards. On top of that, we also oblige Tier 1 suppliers to pass these requirements on to their upstream subsuppliers. BMW Group focuses, in particular, on the conflict minerals tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (also known as 3 TG). Utilising standardised tools from the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), BMW Group is able to trace these raw materials back to the smelter. We use existing certifications for other raw materials, and additionally BMW Group is also involved in developing certification standards for critical stages of the value chain, such as being part of the Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance (IRMA) and committed to the implementation by the suppliers. BMW Group has also seta goal to generate a positive impact from selected raw materials through local development projects, which currently includes lithium, mica, cobalt, and natural rubber. identify gaps and improve their capabilities. In 2023, we conducted onsite assessments at 38 suppliers and raised average performance levels from 88 to 94. We are enabling sustainability management by using a digitalised ESG Risk Management System (ERMS) to monitor suppliers sustainability performance. The supply chain risks can be identified and tracked precisely by its risk tracking functions. In 2023, more than 400 risk cases in our supply chain were identified and mitigated without causing any disruptions to our supply chain operations. ENHANCE SUPPLY CHAIN ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY WITH ACTIONS To reduce EHS risks and secure the supply of BMW parts, we require our Tier 1 suppliers to conduct assessments of their upstream subsuppliers. These assessments are then jointly verified by BMW and the Tier 1 suppliers. This is called a Challenge Round. By the end of 2023, we have cumulatively completed 100 such Challenge Rounds through both remote and onsite assessment. FORECAST We look forward to collaborating with suppliers to explore efficient ways to accelerate supply chain decarbonisation and social responsibility progress. By hosting supplier sustainability engagement events in the near future, we aim to provide a platform for suppliers to learn from experts, interact with peers, and explore the latest trends and solutions, thereby further implementing BMW s sustainability strategy within the supply chain. SUPPLIER TRAINING BMW Group China strives for continuous improvement in enhancing supply chain sustainability by continually raising our suppliers awareness and knowledge of BMW s sustainability standards and requirements. We provide online training in Chinese and English aswell as onsite training for suppliers on topics, such as social responsibility, EHS, and decarbonisation. In particular, to improve our circular economy performance, we encourage suppliers to share best practices of secondary raw materials with other suppliers.
05 CHAPTER 5 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Dedicated to fostering a sustainable future, the BMW Group China is peopleoriented. The growth of our business is based on the growth and wellbeing of our employees. As responsible corporate citizens, we recognise our role to make a positive impact on society. We want to empower our employees to contribute, as individuals and together, to sustainability through innovative solutions. 5. 1 Futureproof Job 71 5. 2 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 77 5. 3 Benefits and Wellbeing 81 5. 4 Contributions to Social Prosperity 86 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202370 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
5. 1 FUTUREPROOF JOB The BMW Group China appreciates the importance of longterm talent cultivation and support of talent. Our core values and culture guide us in how we create a high quality work experience for our employees. We provide comprehensive, futurefocused training to help our employees build their skills to drive the transformation of China's automotive industry. 9, 600 Associates received Best YOU award for their outstanding demonstration of corporate Core Values. 98. 7 Training attendee satisfaction rate. 1. 43 Average days of further training per employee. SDG 4 and 8 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202371 Futureproof JobOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202372 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Futureproof Job CORE VALUES AND CULTURE Since the BMW Group introduced our core values in 2018, we have promoted responsibility, appreciation, transparency, trust, and openness across the BMW Group China. We have organised departmentspecific corporate culture activities in our Core Value Space for more than four years, providing teams with a relaxed and open environment to develop their own values initiatives. In 2023, we revamped the Core Value Space Ambassador Programme, empowering more business departments with selffacilitation skills for cultural workshops. Ambassadors can hold workshops for their teams in the Core Value Space. In 2023, there were 98 workshop sessions with 1, 513 participants hosted in core value space, and 30 cultural workshops with 626 participants were facilitated by our Core Value Space Ambassadors. BEST YOU PROGRAMME The Best YOU programme fosters a culture of appreciation, giving recognition to the actions of our employees that embody our core values and company recommended behaviours. In 2023, more than 9, 600 associates received Best YOU award for their outstanding demonstration of corporate core values. There were 5, 053 individuals nominated by peers for the Best in My Eyes award and 5, 975 associates have received Best in My Team awards from departmental management team, as individual or member of a winner team. 26 individuals or teams have received Best of the Year awards for their great contribution to our business. RESPONSIBILITY APPRECIATIONTRANSPARENCY TRUSTOPENNESSOur Core Values EXPERIENTIAL CORE VALUES WORKSHOP FOR YOUNG TALENTS To introduce the BMW Group core values to our post 95 talents those born after 1995 we held a tailored workshop as part of our Beyond Programme. One of the highlights was the opportunity for participants to work together to build their ideal workplace using Lego with the core values as a framework. 5, 975 Associates have received Best in My Team awards from departmental management team, as individual or member of a winner team. 5, 053 Associates have received Best in My Eyes award as the appreciation from peer colleagues. 26 Individuals or teams have received Best of the Year awards for their great contribution to our business. TALENT ATTRACTION In the rapidly changing world, employees are the greatest investment and source of value. At the BMW Group China, with Employer Branding playing an imperative role in talent attraction, we continually innovate in our talent attraction methods and programmes. Our approaches, beyond the job offerings, weave a narrative that embodies our culture, and successfully attracts kindred talents who share our values and vision, thereby shaping a unique and dynamic employer proposition. EMPLOYER BRANDING We shaped our employer brand to attract top talent and create a sense of belonging among our employees by providing opportunities to build futureproof careers. This approach consistently attracts talented individuals who are selfdriven, in a relentless pursuit of excellence, and passionate to make a meaningful impact through their work. We continuously innovate in our talent acquisition efforts, leveraging digital tools and cuttingedge AI technologies to identify exceptional candidates. Through authentic employee experiences shared on social media and recruitment platforms, prospective talents gain direct insight into our employer brand. We also build our employer brand exposure on multiple social media platforms. These efforts helped us attract and retain more key talents, injecting momentum into our longterm development. At the BMW Group China, we want to provide an environment that fosters passion and innovation and to collaborate with our talented employees to make positive contribution to society.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202373 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Futureproof Job BMW INTERNSHIP SUMMER CAMP A highlight of our internship programmes is the Internship Summer Camp, a collaboration between the BMW Group China and the School of Electronic and Information Engineering at T ongji University. This fiveweek programme provides interns with an immersive experience at our Shanghai R&D centre, where they work in teams alongside our autonomous driving and software testing professionals. This opportunity helps them to understand our futureoriented technologies and contribute to research or testing projects. CANDIDATECENTRIC RECRUITING STRATEGY Talent is a vital driver for our future development. It is critical to have the right talent in the right roles and to give them the support and opportunities they need to succeed. We have a candidatecentric recruitment approach, focusing on creating a positive candidate experience throughout the recruitment journey. By closely understanding candidates expectations, we provide a stable career and offer a broad spectrum of career opportunities within the BMW Group China. We pursue digital innovation to enhance the recruitment process with immersive experiences. In 2023, we hosted live streaming events through our recruitment platform We Chat official account, focusing on our three strategic pillars Electric, Digital and Circular. We invited internal experts to explain the meaningful contents and promising development of the future. These events connected the BMW Group China and potential talents. Over 16, 000 participants joined the live streams, growing brand awareness with top talents. ATTRACTING AND ENGAGING TALENTS ATTRACTING YOUNG TALENTS The automotive industry is undergoing unprecedented change. Young talents can bring a futureoriented mindset to address challenges. The BMW Group China refined its recruitment process to embrace more young talents with innovative spirits and passion. We seek highcalibre young graduates and professionals through our Graduates Programme, with diverse campus recruitment events aimed at selecting and nurturing futureproof talents to drive the BMW Group China's sustainable development in cuttingedge technologies, such as digital transformation and connected driving. Our AcceleratiON Programme (International Trainee Programme) garnered widespread attention, attracting applicants through the top universities allover the world in 2023. We also launched a Technical Trainee Programme, specialised to attract young engineers with IT, Electronic, software, Data etc., background to join BMW for R&Dand Supply Chain technology transformation. We also launched campus activities called BMW Needs Youthful You to attract technical young talents with extensive promotion on We Chat public platforms. Our Fastlane Programme, targeted at elite postgraduates from both home and abroad, offering them a clear career path. To attract and cultivate outstanding students with key competencies, we collaborate with top universities, such as Tongji University and Tsinghua University, on campus activities to promote the BMW Group China's career paths and development opportunities. Activities include innovation competitions, career Q&A sessions, and academic challenges. These events attracted more than 1, 600 participants in 2023, building connections for future talent acquisition. EMPLOYER AWARDS Top Employer Institute Top Employer 2023 Liepin Extraordinary Employer Award Top 50 Lockin Power Global Recruiting Employer Shixiseng The Most Attractive Employer Maimai 2023 Annual Outstanding Employer Nowcoder 2023 NFuture Best Employer Zhaopin 2023 China Best Employers Award Top 2 2023 China Best Employers Award for Female Employees 2023 Best Employer Award for Campus Recruitment 51 job Employer Excellence China Top 100 Excellence in Employer Branding Job Graduate Employer China 2023 1. The BMW Needs Youthful You campus activities launched in 2023 to attract fresh graduates who will graduate in July 2024. 1
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202374 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Futureproof Job ENGAGING NEV TALENT With the rapid development of the automobile industry, especially new energy vehicles, the demand for technical talent in related fields is growing. We aim to attract technical talents such as battery, emotor, and electronic control talents, with deep backgrounds and practical experience, with targeted recruitment programmes and innovative channels. To encourage overseas Chinese students to return to China, we also conduct recruitment activities internationally. In 2023, we held a series of special recruitment events targeted to 1 st class universities in Munich and Stuttgart, Germany. Through these activities, we have been able to develop a talent pool for R&Dand NEV, and have good interaction and communication with overseas Chinese students. 2023 HACKATHON EVEN The 2023 Hackathon event BMW iFACTORY was the third time for this cuttingedge programming competition, focused on industrial digital transformation. It featured reallife scenarios from Shenyang s BMW iFACTORY strategy to combine green standards, innovation and economic growth. In the past three years, the innovative competition has attracted nearly 1, 300 young enthusiasts from the top universities, giving them the opportunity to see the BMW Shenyang production base and to bring fresh ideas for our industry's digital future. ENGAGING PROFESSIONAL DIGITAL TALENT To meet the growing demand for digital talent, we are targeting professionals with the skills and mindset to drive our digital transformation process. In Nanjing, our Tanyue Internship Programme attracted a large number of digital talents. During and after their internships, our interns shared their BMW career experiences publicly, providing a glimpse into our culture, values, and working environment. The sharing from the interns created positive word of mouth on social media, helping us build a strong brand image, reach a wide audience and attract more potential young talents. As a bridge between the BMW Group China and society, our interns strengthen our connection and engagement with the public. We can learn about external perceptions and suggestions, continuously optimising our management and services to enhance our social responsibility. ENGAGING LOCAL TALENTS The BMW Group China also has initiatives to target local talent in Shenyang, offering them attractive careers anda positive working environment, which supports local community development. We partnered with the media to publish an article on the renewed interest in Northeast China. The piece promoted the region's profound cultural heritage and featured the BMW Group China as a prominent employment hub. The online article reached more than 100, 000 readers, effectively drawing the public's attention to the attractiveness of the Northeast region and the BMW Group China.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202375 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Futureproof Job EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES The automotive industry, which is being reshaped by new technologies and new energy, requires a broader skill portfolio today. We strive to create adynamic and innovative work environment, with training and incentives to help our employees develop their skills in a rapidly changing environment. DIGITAL BOOST PROGRAMME The Digital Boost programme is our largest digital online learning initiative to date, aimed at helping nonproduction employees to enhance their digital knowledge. It serves as the foundation for our digital transformation journey. This groundbreaking initiative introduced an innovative online learning model with interactive elements for active participation. In 2023, nearly 90 of the BMW Group China employees participated in this programme. Sustainability and technology is akey topic in the programme, addressing crucial aspects of environment, economy and society and how we strive to achieve our goals with technological innovation. CONTINUOUS INNOVATIVE TRAINING The digital age is rapidly changing our ways of learning and working as well as changing the external environment. To develop futureoriented talent, we empower our employees through continuous training. We offer innovative training programmes that provide clear and timely feedback on skill progress. We are continuously pushing boundaries in models, technologies, resources, and engagement to revolutionise the employee learning experience. INNOVATIVE MODEL We have established a gamified digital platform to deliver engaging and interactive training. The training model has greatly enhanced employees interest and engagement, helping them to quickly acquire knowledge and skills for professional growth and personal development. INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY We are using AI to optimise training methods. We launched internal training courses on AI knowledge and applications to improve our employees language and presentation skills through AIassisted. In addition, we introduced metaverse technology to inspire young apprentices. In 2023, we established three VR welding train stations and four 3 D printing training stations and implemented VRbased battery training, VR welding and 3 D printing technology, which makes training safer than using real tools and more environmentally friendly. INNOVATIVE RESOURCE We make full use of our Elearning platform to provide expert competency training and offer a variety of online courses in partnership with top business schools. With the range of options, we have fostered employees enthusiasm for learning. By the end of 2023, around 6, 200 employees voluntarily participated in Elearning activities. INNOVATIVE ENGAGEMENT We have refreshed our approach to employee engagement by integrating offline flipped classes, encouraging participants to interact and share their understanding of courses. This approach promotes teamwork and knowledge sharing, further inspiring employees to actively participate.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202376 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Futureproof Job ALLROUND TRAINING To meet the needs of our employees for skills development and career advancement, we offer comprehensive training programmes across all levels and positions, nurturing personal growth and development within the BMW Group China. These courses include leadership training, technical training, and internal trainer development programmes. These initiatives, supported by personalised learning paths and performance evaluations, foster a culture of continuous learning that keeps our employees engaged and adaptable in a rapidly evolving environment. LEADERSHIP TRAINING Our leadership training equips managers with essential management skills and an understanding of sustainability as a core corporate strategy. In collaboration with top business schools, we offered Mini EMBA programmes to senior executives, providing tools and insights to navigate dynamic business environments. We also offer a teambased leadership workshop, which helps teams enhance their capabilities and performance at various stages of development. TECHNICAL TRAINING Focused on three core pillars of electrification, digitalisation and sustainability, we have developed a series of technical training programmes. BMW Group China is continuously empowering employees through transferring to the new highvoltage qualification. For electrification skills, more than 800 employees participated in the High Voltage Qualification Training in 2023, bringing the total number of certified professionals to over 8, 000, advancing our workforce readiness. For digitisation skills, we launched the Digital Pioneer project, empowering more than 100 digital talents with enhanced skills for data analysts, data scientists, and data architects, supported by certifications. New training courses for our battery plant prepare associates with updated standards and equipment. We also provide an internal trainer development programme for parttime internal trainers who deliver technical and nontechnical subjects, significantly contributing to our corporate training. These experiences also promote personal growth through a learn by teaching approach, driving best practices across functions. In 2023, 226 internal trainers successfully conducted over 6, 116 persondays of training, achieving an outstanding satisfaction rating of 99. 8. These comprehensive training efforts bolster employee development and support the BMW Group China's longterm growth through continuous technological innovation and application. NURTURING YOUNG TALENTS To cultivate promising talent for the future, we collaborate closely with top universities in China, including Tsinghua University, Tongji University, Dalian University of Technology, Northeastern University, and Shenyang University of Technology. These partnerships provide research opportunities for Ph. D. and master's students that give young talents handson experience with the latest industry advancements. We have an agreement with Tsinghua University to establish the Joint Institute for Sustainability and Mobility Innovation. This will not only help to cultivate students innovation skills, but it will promote our technical innovation and sustainable competitiveness. We kept close cooperation with Northeastern University for years and participated in its 100 th anniversary in 2023. It'snot only strengthening our tires with Northeastern University but also inspiring students interest in electric mobility and BMW careers. 98. 7 Training attendee satisfaction rate. 1. 43 Average days of further training per employee. Dual system education with both classroom and onthejob training is part of the German education policy and has contributed to the successful development of BMW Group in Germany. Therefore, based on successful experience, we tailored it to suit the unique conditions of China to cultivate students who possess both crosscultural understanding and professional skills. In 2023, approximately 30 German Ph. D. students visited our Chinese plants, engaging in productive exchanges with our local Ph. D. trainees. Two German students successfully completed a twomonth internship atour Shenyang plant. Subsequently, our students traveled to Germany for workshop internships in September. This exchange marked our first learning exchange within the dual education system, strengthening crosscultural communication and fostering the development of highquality talent.
5. 2 DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION At BMW Group China, we aspire to cultivate a collaborative workspace that embraces all and cherishes each employee, whose wisdom and enthusiasm constitute the cornerstone of our company. Recognising the rich tapestry of cultural background, age and experience, gender, physical and mental abilities, sexual orientation and identity among our staff, we celebrate this diversity as it enriches our team dynamics to foster a workplace devoid of discrimination or prejudice where every team member can feel a sense of belonging and joy, realising their selfworth and crafting exceptional accomplishments together. 28, 074 Total workforce at yearend. 37. 9 Female employees in management positions. 15. 2 Female employees in total workforce. SDG 5 and 10 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202377 Diversity, Equity and InclusionOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202378 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CREATING AN INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT An inclusive work environment opposes discrimination, enhances the quality of work and life, fosters organisational flexibility and vitality, and promotes the development of collective wisdom. BMW Group China has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to embracing diverse groups of people. We emphasise fairness and inclusivity in employment, and strive to integrate the principles of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) into our brand. We are not just offering jobs, but aim to provide a platform for lifelong growth and success. We have been working for years to eliminate unconscious bias and promote gender equality. We are dedicated to cultivating an inclusive and transparent workplace where diverse groups are afforded equitable access to development opportunities. To embrace the hiring of persons with disabilities, we fostered an inclusive culture through indirect support and financial assistance. We OUR COMMITMENTS In the current era, an increasing number of companies across industries are visible in their efforts to promote diversity, inclusion, and female leadership, sparking a global trend. The benefits of diversity and inclusion are numerous, including attracting top talent, improving decisionmaking quality, better understanding customers, enhancing employee satisfaction, building a strong employer brand, and fostering creativity, innovation, and productivity. We have always regarded our diversity as a strength. In this way we attract and retain the best talent and are therefore better prepared to meet our customers expectations wherever they are in the world. Adhering to the BMW Group's principles, we uphold inclusivity across all fronts, regardless of cultural background, age, gender, physical and mental abilities, or sexual orientation and identity. Equity and inclusion are the foundations of our organisation, it is our commitment to foster a corporate culture that respects and appreciates the individuality of each member. This culture strives to be unbiased and celebrates diversity, and we aspire to incorporate these principles into the growth and evolution of our corporate culture. have created an accessible workspace, and addressed bias to promote acceptance. Our ultimate goal is to gradually integrate persons with disabilities into BMW Group China as part of a broader cultural shift. On the We Chat recruitment platform, we have established a dedicated application channel in line with DEI enabling candidates who align with these values to apply. We encourage and welcome talented individuals from all backgrounds to join BMW Group China, and together to foster a diverse corporate culture. In 2023, we also invited social media influencer with disabilities to visit our Plant Lydia and share his her experience on social platforms. By doing so, we helped to raise public awareness of our barrierfree workplace and promote these values on social media. The comments on platforms, such as Bilibili and Douyin, have been overwhelmingly positive, with viewers expressing surprise at the feasibility of barrierfree workplaces. The positive feedback has not only helped strengthen our commitment, but also driven public interest in our products, showcasing the positive influence of the BMW brand. BMW Group China employees according to age group in 2023 (in ) 30 years old 24. 9 3050 years old 73. 8 50 years old 1. 3 15. 2 Female employees in total workforce. 3 7. 9 Female employees in management positions.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202379 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION PROMOTING DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION To continue drawing attention to DEI among our employees, we launched a series of Diversity Day online events and offline experiential activities in 2023. 2023 DEI JOURNEY March International Women s Day May World Cultural Diversity Day August Diversity Summer Carnival November International Day of Tolerance December Unconscious BiasHIGHLIGHTS FROM THE DIALOGUE DIVERSITY DAYS We hosted these activities series to raise awareness about diversity issues within the company, our Diversity Days promoted employee DEI through a range of engaging activities, including themed events, offline roadshows, and online platforms (e. g., newsletters and Joy Chat) to reach our vast employee base and enhance interaction. INTERNATIONAL WOMEN S DAY On March 8, International Women s Day and BMW Group's inaugural Diversity Day in 2023, we celebrated equality and fairness while highlighting the achievements of our female employees. The Our Key to Success Women video campaign in Shenyang showcases the profound impact that female employees have on the development of BMW Group China. With their diverse talents, skills and unique personalities, female employees drive the company forward while inspiring others to fulfill their potential. The video captures their remarkable success stories and shows how they have overcome challenges and triumphed in their respective fields. A livestream Female Career Development Dialogue, centered on eight potential breakthroughs in women s career advancement, featured three Chinese female leaders sharing their experiences. This crossentity event emphasised potential and strength, attracting 895 registrations. BMW believes success is rooted in diversity, and it proudly showcases its diverse culture and female employees. WORLD CULTURAL DIVERSITY DAY People coming together to share their food provides a meaningful way to celebrate our World Cultural Diversity Day. The event highlighted the global culinary riches within BMW Group China and offered an immersive experience for colleagues to sample diverse dishes and understand their cultural backgrounds. The festival departed from traditional intercultural events, focusing on the diversity of BMW in China. We were delighted to have a high participation of employees, with the over 2, 300 joining. In Shenyang, we also organised a weeklong virtual Culinary Journey. Other activities included a lucky draw quiz on cultural tips and an online epostcard platform for sharing diversity stories. These activities fostered a better understanding and appreciation of cultural diversity among our employees. When we do something, we need to focus more on the thing itself, on how we can doit in the best way, rather than on gender restrictions. Cao Amy Brenda We may focus on what kind of person we want to become, recognise our own worth, focus on tasks, and create our value. Maintain on upward and developing trend and make changes in the direction of your career development, rather than blindly following the outside world.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202380 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION INTERNATIONAL DAY OF TOLERANCE To commemorate the International Day of Tolerance in November, BMW Group China sent a letter to all associates, aimed to raise awareness of the day, underline the importance of tolerance and inclusivity, and reiterate BMW s strategy on diversity. UNCONSCIOUS BIAS Shenyang held a weeklong virtual onsite tour From Unconscious Bias to Conscious Inclusion for all associates, aimed to encourage them to get to know six unconscious bias, avoid them and build an inclusive workplace. We received over 759 messages from the 3, 726 participants, including their personal insights and stories, aswell as handdrawn art works and messages, including personal insights and stories, aswell as handdrawn art works and messages. Other activities, included online quizzes, email signatures, story collections, and special events for young colleagues, designed to further enhance cultural diversity. DEI MAZE The Maze included curated information about the different types of Unconscious Bias that are prevalent in our everyday environment. At the end of the maze, there was a short quiz to test the knowledge of our associates. 2, 460 associates and their families experienced the maze and answered the quiz. 28, 000 Employees communicated in whole 2023 DEI events. 2, 460 People participated in a diversity quiz. DIVERSITY SUMMER CARNIVAL The BMW Brilliance's 20 th Diversity Summer Carnival successfully merged diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) with social responsibility, emphasising the inclusion of individuals with disabilities through activities like a DEI maze and DEI intercultural change mapping. The carnival attracted over 7, 000 participants, including associates and their family members, and created a funfilled environment for knowledge sharing, with a special focus on young people and the themes of DEI associated with social responsibility, and the circular economy. EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE My favorite intercultural experience in China was the diverse range of food choices, each region offering unique flavors. I value the experience of traveling and learning about the country's food, art, and history. Diversity and inclusion can make teamwork more efficient, and different experiences allow teams to complement each other's strengths. I was surprised to learn that there are so many unconscious biases! Through learning, I hope to have better emotion management skills, stronger empathy, and find peace in work and life. Expatriate colleagues at BMW Brilliance's 20 th Diversity Summer Carnival
5. 3 BENEFITS AND WELLBEING BMW Group China, as a global enterprise with localised characteristics, embraces a peopleoriented approach, prioritising the safety and happiness of over 28, 000 employees. We uphold the strictest safety standards to ensure a secure workspace. Our comprehensive benefits enrich employees lives and enhance their overall wellbeing, encouraging them to participate in sustainability activities and make a contribution to society. 2, 592 Associates living in public rental housing project in Shenyang. 0. 06 Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked). 25, 000 People participated in cultural and sports activities in Shenyang. SDG 3 and 8 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202381 Benefits and WellbeingOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202382 Benefits and Wellbeing OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY Providing a safe workplace for employees is a fundamental responsibility for the BMW Group China. We strive to create a safe and healthy work environment, making every effort to prevent workplace injuries. We comprehensively implement safety production responsibility systems at all levels for our targets of zero fatalities, zero severe injuries, and zero major fire accidents. We conduct safetyrelated activities throughout the company, including training sessions and emergency drills to enhance employees safety awareness and capabilities. Through these ongoing measures, we continuously raise our employees safety consciousness, so they can fully unleash their potential in a secure environment and contribute to a sustainable business. ROBUST OHS MANAGEMENT A robust occupational health and safety (OHS) management system is paramount to safeguarding the safety and wellbeing of our employees. By ensuring regulatory compliance, we can mitigate occupational health and safety risks and prevent accidents. The BMW Group China complies with all applicable Chinese laws and regulations, aswell as the BMW Group's health and safety policy, to ensure that every employee works in a safe and healthy environment. Our OHS management system meets international and domestic policies and standards, such as the United Nations Global Compact, the ISO 45001 2018 standard and the International Labour Organisation s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. All BMW Brilliance manufacturing sites hold the ISO 45001 2018 accreditation, fulfilling the requirements of OHS management systems. We have also maintained the Work Safety Standardisation Level 2 Certification from the Emergency Management Department of Liaoning Province. In 2023, our accident frequency rate was 0. 06 per million hours worked. The BMW Group China's senior management assumes full responsibility and accountability for preventing workrelated accidents and maintaining safe and healthy workplaces for all employees at manufacturing sites. The management team has established OHS policies aligned with strategic goals, ensuring continuous improvement and effective operation. Our safety production responsibility system is fully integrated at all levels. It is supported by digital solutions such as the ESafety platform for streamlined safety management, including modules with guidance for safety inspections, special equipment management, anda function for electronic signatures for OHS liability letters. In addition to the fullfledged OHS management system, we carry out companywide safety activities and organise training to improve associates safety awareness and capability. We have offer safety training to employees on specific matters such as Lockout Tagout, chemicals, work in confined spaces, Personal Protective Equipment and Hot Work in addition to mandatory training sessions. OHS HAZARDS AND RISK MANAGEMENT OHS risk management is crucial for enterprises to protect employee welfare. Our risk management measures include a dualprevention mechanism for the classification, investigation, and governance of hidden safety hazards. The mechanism supports controlling risks in plants, from organisational, institutional, technical and emergency perspectives. In 2023, the Today for Tomorrow NEXT project, initially launched in 2021 in the assembly shop of Plant Tiexi, strengthened its impact on occupational health and safety hazard mitigation and risk management. In 2023, we emphasised ergonomics, behavioural patterns, and job rotation strategies to safeguard employees from developing musculoskeletal issues. Based on the findings of our Safety and Ergonomics Risk Assessment (SERA) and onsite ergonomic behaviour observations in Plant Tiexi and the logistics department of Plant Dadong, our health department designed workplace exercises. These exercises can be easily integrated into employees daily routines, offering relief from physical stress. To promote healthier work practices, we conducted training sessions on proper work postures. These sessions covered a variety of topics to safeguard the wellbeing of our employees.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202383 Benefits and Wellbeing OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION HEALTH INITIATIVES We provide accessible support to our associates atour onsite medical health service and Physical Assessment & Rehabilitation Centre (PAR Centre). We also have a set of coordinated measures to promote the health and performance of our workforce with a range of health initiative programmes. Drawing from the insights of our annual health check in 2022, we strengthened our Health Management 2025 programme. This programme aims to help employees cultivate healthier habits through initiatives such as Mental Care, Stop Smoking, Burn What You Eat, Hearing Protection, Healthy Sleep and Flu Vaccination. These efforts foster a culture of wellbeing within our organisation, complemented by campaign days, dialogue events, and training sessions on nutrition, fitness, cancer prevention, and mental resilience. MENTAL CARE The BMW Group China places a significant emphasis on mental health. In 2023, we delivered 35 courses on mental health issues, engaged 455 associates in mental health consultations, and trained 811 individuals through online and offline Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) sessions. BMW Brilliance received the 2023 Chinese Enterprise EAP Services Excellent Practice Award. We also launched a series of campaigns to educate the workforce on topics such as addiction prevention and strategies for maintaining robust mental health. HEARING PROTECTION In 2023, we conducted comprehensive hearingprotection training for all noiseexposed employees, and 1, 193 participants joined online training via our Joy Chat. To further promote hearing protection in the workshop, we organised engaging onsite hearing protection activities, such as fun quizzes and lucky draw sessions. The activities attracted 1, 931 active participants, to sustain awareness and participation in hearing protection measures. STOP SMOKING In 2023, our annual health check revealed a reduction in smoking rates down to 39 from 42 in 2019, with 3, 074 employees expressing a desire to quit smoking. We are committed to providing our employees with assistance in quitting smoking and supporting them in achieving their health goals. In 2023, we conducted four onsite training sessions to stop smoking for approximately 200 participants, and organised combined health activities to further promote a culture of wellbeing within our organisation. HEALTHY SLEEP We organised ongoing training to improve sleep quality of our employees. We used the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) evaluation as part of the Healthy Sleep programme. A total of 22, 761 employees participated in the assessment during 2023 annual health check, which enabled us to detect any issues in developing healthy sleep patterns. We provided sleep monitoring devices to 74 employees and organised workshops that attracted 1, 247 online viewers and 330 offline participants. FLU VACCINATION In 2023, we administered flu vaccinations to 3, 046 employees, with 2, 785 individuals in Shenyang and 261 in Beijing. We expanded to include hepatitis B vaccinations, with 241 doses administered in Shenyang. HEALTH CHECK In 2023, we continued to provide annual health checks, with an impressive participation rate of 96 among Shenyang employees, representing a 2 increase from 2022, and 82. 1 among non Shenyang employees, representing a 9 increase. This initiative has significantly improved staff awareness of the importance of health screening and annual health checks. BURN WHAT YOU EAT In 2023, we hosted 14 onsite weight loss promotion activities, involving 1, 160 employees, including personalised plans for 262 individuals. Our weight management meal project in the Plant Tiexi and Plant Lydia restaurants received positive feedback, leading to their continuation to promote healthy eating habits among employees.
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202384 Benefits and Wellbeing OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION WELLROUNDED EMPLOYEE WELFARE An enterprise's success depends not only on the quality products and services, but also ona thriving workforce. We ensure employees welfare for their personal and professional success, anda healthy working environment for the organisation. COMPETITIVE BENEFITS The BMW Group China emphasises the health, happiness, and career development of our employees to cultivate a sustainable business model and foster innovation. We continuously optimise our benefits policies and support for our employees. To comprehensively safeguard employee rights, we enhanced our Associate Handbook and provided employees with more flexible working arrangements, including flexible working time and remote working. Regarding leave policies, we offer various leave options, with a strong emphasis on supporting family care. In line with the new government regulations, we extended paternity leave inapplicable cities, aswell as introduced childcare leave and parent caring leave. We also provided our employees with a range of supplementary insurance options, enabling them to select different health and medical insurance plans for themselves and their families. For retired employees, we also offer a range of benefits, including preferential channels and discounts for personal insurance, annual health checks, and car purchase assistance. These benefits reflect our care for employees personal lives to help them better establish a worklife balance. WELLROUNDED WELFARE Prioritising comprehensive employee welfare is a significant way for companies to fulfill their social responsibilities and enhance employee satisfaction. At the BMW Group China, we care about our associates physical and mental health, aswell as their career development. We strive to create a fair, healthy, harmonious, and friendly working environment. We place significant emphasis on protecting employees rights and continually optimising their welfare benefits. Through the union, we actively listen to our employees, putting forward more than 20 negotiation proposals in 2023 that covered awide range of areas, including compensation, working environment, insurance, and worklife balance. These proposals are directly communicated to the management through collective bargaining, leading to the implementation of welfare policies and continuous improvements in working conditions for employees. We continuously enhance associates sense of belonging by showing care and appreciation for their effort. This recognition includes gifts during festivals, birthdays, and special occasions, movie tickets, discounts on public housing, and kindergarten fees. In 2023, the Associate Charity Funds benefited 1, 724 employees, covering hospital visits, bereavement support, weddings, newborns, medical assistance, and financial aid. A total of 2, 592 associates are living in our public rental housing project in Shenyang, enjoying the convenience and benefits provided by this service. We are also actively promoting the establishment of work break stations and Associate Homes, providing associates with a place to relax and communicate near their workplaces. To support our associates professional development, we continually encourage them to upskill and broaden their career development pathways. In our Model Worker Innovation Studios, skilled employees assume leadership roles, spearheading crossdepartmental projects and leveraging resources to drive technological advancements. This approach fosters initiative and creativity, and in Shenyang, we have 3, 950 Employees who enjoyed childcare or parent care leave. 27, 000 Employees. 25, 000 Family members (including spouses, children and parents). already established 11 Innovation Studios. We also organise competitions and events to enhance employees skills, providing a platform for them to showcase their technical prowess. These opportunities allow skilled employees to gain recognition and appreciation, benefitting both personal growth and business development. We promote a positive and healthy lifestyle and worklife balance through cultural and sports events. Activities, such as the Joy Run Carnivals and Multievents Sport Games, encourage physical activity and healthy habits among associates. Cultural exchanges like Oktoberfest and Sino German activities foster crosscultural understanding and cooperation. Familyoriented events such as parentchild carnivals and family days strengthen bonds between colleagues, families, and the company. In 2023, we organised more than 20 cultural and sports activities in Shenyang plants, with over 25, 000 participants. Commercial Insurance Participants (total of all entities under flex programme)
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202385 Benefits and Wellbeing OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT The longterm sustainability of the BMW Group China calls fora motivating work culture that drives employee performance, resilience, innovation and attracting and retaining top talent. We are guided by trust, transparency, and openness in our human resources policymaking and decisionmaking processes. Every year, we organise themed employee experience events to showcase our products. In 2023, we hosted employee experience events at the Shanghai Auto Show and BMW M Driving Experience China programme in Tianjin. Marking the 20 th Anniversary of BMW Brilliance in 2023, we hosted two allassociates events in Beijing and Shenyang to express our appreciation for our employees achievements. The Beijing Joint Associate Event held the Joint Associate Event in the Winter Olympic venue, associates have not only enjoyed the fantastic show, but also consolidated their confidence in our products and future competency for the transformation. Celebrating BMW Brilliance's 20 th anniversary together, the One Team spirit and collaboration was also fostered. Being appreciated for their outstanding contribution and commitment to BMW, all associates have been further engaged with Passion for the Future, even for former employees. SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES At the BMW Group China, we are dedicated to integrating social responsibility into our employees daily lives. This commitment is exemplified through our Associate Social Responsibility (ASR) initiative, which embeds sustainability into awide range of employee activities, turning our people into active partners in driving sustainable development. Our Social Week initiative encourages employees to engage insocial responsibility activities, with the addition of Social Day in 2023 to emphasise integrating social responsibility into daily life. To enhance awareness of our commitment to social responsibility, the BMW Group China distributed a communication letter to all employees last year. This letter covered an overview of the Group's social responsibility initiatives and featured three educational videos. These videos, curated by local management and former recipients of our social responsibility awards, focused on our sustainability strategy, the BMW Group China's CSR achievements, anda heartfelt account of a sevenyear project to support children. These resources are aimed at deepening our employees understanding of our social responsibility efforts and inspiring them to take part in meaningful social initiatives. CREATING DIVERSE COMMUNICATION CHANNELS We actively listen to employee feedback through various communication channels, including our We Chat official account, internal webpage, Joy Chat Digital Union platform, and bimonthly newsletter, Ujournal. These platforms support sharing of best practices, festival greetings, union activity notices, and information on employee rights protection and employee care, fostering a supportive environment where every voice is heard. CONDUCTING EMPLOYEE SURVEY Our regular employee surveys track engagement and identify areas for improvement. In 2023, we conducted an employee survey across the whole company. Our 2023 employee satisfaction survey revealed a positive satisfaction rate of 95 among pilot department participants, guiding us in implementing measures to enhance the employee experience and workplace environment. ENHANCING THE CONNECTION THROUGH PRODUCT AND BRAND EXPERIENCE As employees are our brand ambassadors in the community, it is important for them to feel a close connection with our products and brand. The BMW Group China strengthens the connection through engaging activities that enable employees to experience our products firsthand to build their understanding of the BMW brand and an emotional connection. 1. BMW Brilliance's 20 th anniversary 1
5. 4 CONTRIBUTIONS TO SOCIAL PROSPERITY At the BMW Group China, we recognise the importance of corporate social responsibility (CSR) for the growth of our company and the prosperity of society. We are dedicated to continuously advancing a positive and responsible image of our brand and our car owners. Sustainability is integral to our enterprise strategy, promoting inclusiveness and balance among the economy, environment, and society. Beyond providing financial support to charities and social initiatives, BMW Group China's goal is to bepart of the solution. We are devoted to truly addressing social challenges by researching these issues and proposing solutions. 35, 542, 888 Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities. 6, 050 Total hours of volunteer service. 93, 322, 786 Accumulated beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities. 34, 166, 849 RMB Expenditure on social commitment activities. SDG 4, 10, 11, 14, 15 and 17 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202386 Contributions to Social ProsperityOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202387 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION OUR CSR APPROACH AND PROGRAMMES Guided by the concepts of Codeveloping in Harmony, Co Creating shared value for both business and society, and Crafting a Beautiful Homeland, the BMW Group China's CSR strategy is built on three principles longterm development; efficacy comes first; and allround stakeholder engagement. We understand the urgent and longterm needs of government and society, and seek to help address them promptly. By aligning our CSR initiatives with social agendas and national priorities, we create value for society, customers, and industry, fostering mutual growth. In our commitment to sustainable development, we systematically design and implement CSR programmes, and deliver around two pivotal themes in China traditional culture protection and biodiversity conservation. In 2023, we continued to innovate in our CSR programmes and encouraged our stakeholders to address social challenges in these areas. We seek to engage with stakeholders to contribute to the development of Chinese society by bringing our innovative thinking and resources to take practical action. In 2023, the number of beneficiaries of our CSR activities reached a high of 35, 542, 888, an increase of 11. 47 from 2022. 1 3 42 1. BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative 2. BMW China Culture Journey 3. BMW Joy Home 4. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202388 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW CHINA CUL TURE JOURNEY We believe culture is akey element that connects people and bridges the world. As a steadfast partner in Chinese society, the BMW Group China cherishes China's cultural diversity. The BMW Group China Culture Journey, introduced in 2007, reflects our peopleoriented approach to sustainable development and corporate social responsibility. This programme seeks to safeguard intangible cultural assets while integrating social innovations. We empower intangible cultural heritage inheritors through crossover social collaboration, inspiring innovative thinking to help the inheritors enter the consumption market and meet social needs. Over the past 18 years, we have visited 421 intangible cultural heritage items in 24 provinces and municipalities, supporting 90 intangible cultural heritage items in urgent need of safeguarding. We have funded and supported nearly 1, 000 inheritors, influencing nearly 210 million people to join in the inheritance and conservation. The BMW China Culture Journey has made outstanding contributions to the protection of China's intangible cultural heritage and the coordinated development of material and spiritual civilisation. BMW CHINA CULTURE JOURNEY INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE PROTECTION INNOVATION DELIVERABLES EXHIBITION In February 2023, the BMW China Culture Journey Intangible Cultural Heritage Protection Innovation Deliverables Exhibition opened at the China Science and Technology Museum in Beijing. The exhibition creatively integrated art, culture, and science to help popularise traditional Chinese culture to the public. It showcased remarkable intangible cultural artworks, and offered an immersive experience through the Scented Intangible Cultural Heritage installation, engaging visitors senses of sight, smell, and touch. The BMW 7 Series Halo Edition, cocreated by BMW Group China and Tsinghua University's Academy of Arts and Design, also embodied the fusion of art and science and Eastern and Western aesthetics. BEAUTIFUL CHINA COLLECTION OF CREATIVE CASES OF INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE The BMW Group China is committed to innovating, protecting, and preserving traditional Chinese culture by revitalising traditional crafts. The BMW Group China and Tsinghua University Arts & Design Academy coedited the book, Beautiful China Collection of Creative Cases of Intangible Cultural Heritage, which was published by Tsinghua University Publishing House in June 2023. The collection gathers features from the work of 29 intangible cultural heritage inheritors who worked with mentors from Tsinghua University's Academy of Arts and Design. It provides a vivid record of the mentors intangible cultural heritage inheritors collaborations, highlighting the inheritors thinking process, exploration, and innovative practices that integrate intangible cultural heritage with modern consumer insights, product design, and marketing. This collection is a perfect interpretation of the BMW Group's At Home in China philosophy, and represents the BMW Group's proactive efforts in connecting stakeholders in China to work together to solve practical social problems, so we can all create a beautiful China for our future generations. 3 Million Livestreamed views. 9, 617 Livestreamed engagements. 106, 410 Exhibition visitors. 8 Interactive workshops. As of 16 00 Feb. 28, 2023
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202389 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION TRADITIONAL HANDCRAFT CREATIVE DESIGN COMPETITION The Traditional Handcraft Creative Design Competition, guided by the concepts of innovative transformation and innovative development, promotes the idea of sustainable development, fostering economic prosperity and harmonious development between the environment and humanity. With main themes Creative cultural souvenirs for tourists, and Furnishings or decoration items for country Bed and Breakfast lifestyle it aligns with social trends such as circular economy, cultural tourism, and rural revitalisation. We facilitate exchanges between traditional artisans and young designers, combining traditional craftsmanship with contemporary industrial design to advocate for sustainable practices. The crossover teams use natural or recyclable materials in their innovative creations, fostering the sustainable development of intangible cultural heritage inheritors and promoting Chinese traditional culture to modern youth. BMW CHINA CULTURE JOURNEY UPGRADE China's Grand Canal is a testament of the wisdom and the national memory of the Chinese people, serving as an important cultural symbol of China. In April 2024, BMW Group China, in collaboration with the Network of International Culturalink Entities and the China Education Development Foundation, jointly launched the BMW China Culture Journey - Grand Canal Cultural Protection and Education Public Welfare Project. As the lighthouse programme of the BMW China Culture Journey, we are committed to protecting the tangible and intangible cultural heritage along the Grand Canal. We will invite renowned experts to promote the protection and education of Grand Canal culture. By selecting and supporting intangible cultural heritage inheritors along the canal, we aim to help them design and develop creative products. The programme seeks to engage nearly 10 million users and national dealers to boost cultural tourism centered around the Grand Canal heritage. As we celebrate BMW s 30 th anniversary in China, we deepen our corporate social responsibility under the At Home in China concept, thereby creating more tangible value for Chinese society. FUJIAN TEA CULTURE TOUR Originating in China and spreading worldwide, tea serves as a bridge between man and nature. In November 2022, traditional tea processing techniques and associated social practices in China was added to UNESCO s Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. In 2023, the BMW China Culture Journey, Fujian Tea Tour, aligns seamlessly with the current social hot trends of culture integration and tourism. The tour offered an immersive journey into Fujian to explore the sustainability philosophy of the harmony between man and nature inherent in tea culture. Through Experience, Engage, Enable and Educate, the Fujian Tea Tour encouraged greater social involvement in rural tourism and rural revitalisation, to educate participants to immerse in, learn about, and promote the richness of China's traditional culture. 1 2 3 4 5 1. Traditional Handcraft Creative Design Competition 2. Traditional Handcraft Creative Design Competition 3. Fujian Tea Culture Tour 4. Fujian Tea Culture Tour 5. China's Grand Canal
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202390 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CONTINUE TO SUPPORT THE CONSTRUCTION OF NATIONAL PARKS The Liaohekou National Nature Reserve plays a vital role in biodiversity conservation, providing a habitat for numerous nationally protected species. It is an important stopover for the northsouth migration of redcrowned cranes along the East Asia Australasia migratory route and serves as the breeding ground for the largest population of blackbilled gulls in the world, holding significant ecological conservation value. This year, we upgraded the BMWdonated Nature Bird Hide in Liaohekou into an intelligent bird hide equipped with a digital monitoring system for realtime dynamic monitoring of birds and ecology conditions in key areas around at the same time. It serves as a multifunctional house for wildlife watching and public education. Additionally, the statue of The World's Largest Breeding Ground for Saunders's Gulls was successfully completed in the Nanxiaohe protection station, conveying our vision of ecological civilisation that pursues harmony between human and nature. This statue plays an important role in shaping the image of the future Liaohekou National Park. The Shandong Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve is on the List of Ramsar Wetlands of International Importance, with its nationally representative ecosystems, natural landscapes, and biodiversity. Acknowledging its ecological significance, we donated to support the Shandong Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve to build a wetland national park and organised a donation ceremony in July 2023 at the Yellow River Delta. We provided 3 BMW iX 3 s as patrol vehicles, developed a set of wetland education courses for local students, and provided wetland biodiversity education in the community, supporting local biodiversity conservation, and raising public awareness. PROMOTE PUBLIC EDUCATION Through our online biodiversity education platforms, we are promoting the importance of biodiversity conservation to our stakeholders and the public. Since 2022, the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative has reached more than 13 million people times through biodiversity education courses, livestreaming and documentaries, etc. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The BMW Group China has organised 106 biodiversitythemed public welfare activities with our dealers and encouraged associates to actively join in beach cleanup activities at the Liaohekou National Nature Reserve, with nearly 100 associates participating twice. BMW BEAUTIFUL HOMELAND INITIATIVE Humanity is now facing a triple environmental crisis global warming, biodiversity loss, and escalating pollution and sustainability is our answer to these challenges. The government of China sees biodiversity as the foundation, objective, and means of sustainable development, and promotes the Chinese modernisation of harmony between humanity and nature. In response, we initiated the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative, a programme dedicated to promoting China's biodiversity and national park construction and enhancing public awareness of biodiversity conservation. In 2023, we continued our longterm support for Liaoning Liaohekou National Nature Reserve and extended support to the Shandong Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve with a donation package. Moreover, we collaborated with the China Green Foundation on the China Nature Watch Three Year Action Plan to establish online biodiversity education platforms for public participation. BMW Group China is firmly committed to its sustainability strategy and is innovatively exploring ways to engage more stakeholders in biodiversity conservation, contributing to the construction of China's ecological civilisation. BMW X Weibo Campus Beautiful Homeland Nature Watch miniprogramme BMW X Tencent Charity Walk Together Joining BMW to Protect Beautiful Wetlands We Chat miniprogram Highlighted the beauty of national parks and offered opportunities for public participation in biodiversity conservation online Enabled the public to support wetland protection by donating their daily walking steps
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202391 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW JOY HOME Launched in 2011, BMW JOY Home promotes rural sports education development for children in alignment with national rural revitalisation and rural education goals. From 2021 to 2023, we trained approximately 180 physical education teachers from 35 rural schools through the Self Strengthening Movement, benefiting nearly 60, 000 students. From 2023 to 2025, we are undertaking a threeyear financial support programme, with a donation of RMB 2 million through the China Education Development Foundation BMW Warm Heart Fund. The money will support improvements to local school conditions and support local talent in Jinping and Malipo counties in Yunnan Province. This is our third donation to the region over 12 years to support educational development, which deeply reflects our longterm commitment to social responsibility, emphasising practical actions to give back to Chinese society. The programme includes a donation of RMB 1 million to assist 125 outstanding high school graduates admitted to university, easing the financial burden on their families and helping them complete their studies. We are also donating RMB 1 million to Malipo County to equip five local primary and secondary schools with 40 interactive teaching machines, supporting the digitalisation of education. Over the next three years, more than 8, 000 local teachers and students are expected to directly benefit from these initiatives, promoting urbanrural education integration and rural revitalisation. 7, 380, 000 Views of Children Traffic Safety Education online live streaming. BMW CHILDREN S TRAFFIC SAFETY EDUCATION The BMW Group China works closely with dealers, car owners and other partners to fulfil its social commitment to traffic safety education. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education (CTSE), launched in 2005, integrates the traditional Chinese value of propriety in 2020. In collaboration with the China Education Development Foundation and China Children s Press & Publication Group, we developed a package of educational materials called Travel with Propriety. The package features scenarios that present three core concepts propriety as a pedestrian, as a passenger and as a driver. We want to give recognition to our dealers who contribute to local community through CSR initiatives. We encourage dealers to communicate and pass on BMW s values to customers and the local community. As such, we consider dealers CSR activities, including CTSE events, as part of the evaluation for the BMW Dealer Excellence Award. By providing training and educational materials, we support our dealers to engage in CSR activities related to CTSE and other social issues. In 2023, 355 dealerships participated in the implementation of 605 CSR events, 60 of which were children s traffic safety education. We believe that organising BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education course helps children protect themselves under complex traffic circumstances. 1. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education 1
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202392 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING For years, the BMW Group China has promoted the concept of sustainable development, pursuing harmonious development of business and society, showing care for local communities, and contributing to society with innovative CSR concepts. BMW Group China believes that volunteerism is not defined by a single individual undertaking a substantial amount of work, but rather by many individuals contributing a small effort. In particular, we raise sustainability awareness among BMW associate volunteers. We organise and encourage our associates to participate insocial responsibility and sustainability activities, committed to creating opportunities for more BMW associates to give back to society. In 2023, we organised 11 volunteer activities, which involved 904 volunteers who contributed 6, 050 volunteer hours. 904 Total participants of CSR activities in 2023. 6, 050 Total hours of volunteer service in 2023. 60 participants 400 Volunteer Service HoursVOLUNTEERING WITH THE CHINESE TRADITIONAL CULTURE Promoted the intangible cultural heritage, associates enhanced their understanding of China's intangible cultural heritage. 280 participants 2, 400 Volunteer Service HoursRIVER AND BEACH CLEANUP ACTIVITIES Associates took part in river and beach cleanup activities, protecting the ecological environment and enhancing environmental protection awareness. 120 participants 2, 000 Volunteer Service HoursVOLUNTEERING WITH BMW JOY HOME Associates visited schools in a mountainous area, conducting interest classes, providing futuristic technology experiences, bringing donations of supplies, and offering care and encouragement to the children. 120 participants 600 Volunteer Service HoursFOREST MANAGEMENT 1 Associates participated in tree planting and sand control activities, to connect with nature, build resilience and team cohesion, and enhance their recognition of corporate social responsibility. 30 participants 180 Volunteer Service HoursPLOGGING ACTIVITIES Associates worked tirelessly, hiked in the mountains to pick up trash, and made their own contribution to cleaning up the Earth. 260 participants 300 Volunteer Service HoursVOICE FOR KIDS Associates and their families recorded uplifting messages to offer emotional support and encouragement to leftbehind children. 1. Including BEYOND Programme and Shenyang Union Sand Control Afforestation Programme
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202393 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SOCIAL DONATIONS The BMW Group China shows proactive support to Chinese society, stepping up in the occurrence of natural disasters, or other incidents. SUPPORT BEIJING FLOOD RELIEF In July 2023, Super Typhoon Doksuri caused serious human and property loss in the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region. We immediately responded to the call of the government and the needs of the people in the disaster area with a donation of RMB 15 million to the Beijing Charity Association for flood relief assistance and postdisaster reconstruction work. SUPPORT GANSU EARTHQUAKE RELIEF In December 2023, a 6. 2 magnitude earthquake hit Jishishan County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province. The earthquake caused casualties, road traffic disruption, and supply shortages. We quickly responded and donated RMB 3 million in an immediate response to the disaster. LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT Committed to the At Home in China philosophy, we emphasise local community development and deep stakeholder engagement to achieve synergistic growth with the local region. In Shenyang, the birthplace of BMW in China, we have launched a series of programmes to promote cultural exchanges and cooperation. EMBRACING SUSTAINABILITY WITH ARTISTIC INNOVATION With a longterm commitment to corporate sustainability anda passion for art, the BMW Group China has partnered with Luxun Academy of Fine Arts (LAFA) in Shenyang to launch the New Plant Art Project. Aligning with the BMW iFACTORY production strategy of sustainability at the Shenyang production base, the project features 10 remarkable artworks created by young artists, including oil paintings, sculptures and installations, exhibited at the Plant Dadong and Plant Tiexi Lydia Site. The project aims to the raise awareness of sustainable development among employees and the public through cultural and artistic activities. It enhances sensitivity to sustainability issues through exhibitions and performances. By fostering intercultural communication between China and Germany and blending industrial intelligence with contemporary art, we aim to inspire young artists to offer diverse interpretations of sustainability through unique artistic experiences and innovative narratives. REMARKABLE ARTWORKS 1 2 IMMERSIVE ART PROJECT EXHIBITION 3 1. Chatting No. 1 2. Beyond the mirror 3. Immersive art project exhibition
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202394 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 100 Innovation Cases to Make the Society Better In September 2023, The BMW China Culture Journey was given an honourable mention in the 2023 South Review's Social Innovation Conference case collection, 100 Innovation Cases to Make the Society Better. Most Socially Responsible Automaker 2023 In November 2023, BMW China Automotive Trading Ltd. and BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. were named Most Socially Responsible Automaker 2023 by the 21 st Century Golden Engine Evaluation on Competitiveness of Automobile Industry. Silver Award in Sustainable Development In November 2023, the 2022 BMW JOY Home Summer Camp received the Silver Award in Sustainable Development at the 10 th Su Qin Awards Ceremony. 2023 Golden Flag Grand Award In December 2023, the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative was awarded the 2023 Golden Flag Grand Award. FORECAST Looking ahead to 2024, the BMW Group China remains committed to strengthening our core values and fostering a strong sense of identity and belonging among employees in an inclusive workplace. We will continue to attract and empower talent through innovative recruitment and training practices and bolster our employer brand. We envision a sustainable future where CSR is seamlessly integrated into our core business practices as we work to create sustainable growth for our business and lasting value for society. OUR CSR AWARDS AND HONOURS IN 2023
066. 1 Sustainability Data Summary 96 6. 2 GRI Content Index 102 6. 3 Limited Assurance Report 113 6. 4 Basis of Reporting 115 CHAPTER 6 OTHER INFORMATIONBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY 95 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAINFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
SUSTAINABILITY DATA SUMMARY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Revenues from operations (in RMB million) 172, 692 189, 006 214, 787 - - 334, 312 336, 93526. 8 Tax (in RMB billion) 35 38 43 49 49 80 74. 53 -6. 8 Vehicles produced (in unit) 536, 537 602, 936 700, 787 674, 663 728, 562 8. 0 674, 663 728, 562 8. 0 Retail vehicle deliveries 3 (in unit) - - - - - 791, 985 824, 932 4. 2 Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide 4 (number) 647 666 683 707 744 5. 2 893 937 4. 9 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. 2. Revenues from operations of BMW Group China. Additional information on Revenues from operations of BMW Brilliance is not disclosed for reasons of confidentiality. 3. Include BMW brand and MINI brand vehicles delivered to customers. 4. Renamed from authorised dealer outlets nationwide, as the MINI brand made transition to the agency sales model in the Chinese market in 2023. 5. This figure is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 by MIIT on April 1 st, 2024. PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Average fleet CO 2 emissions (domestic) (ing km) 137. 8 142. 1 152. 8 144. 1 142. 9 -0. 8 144. 1 142. 9 -0. 8 Average fleet CO 2 emissions (imported) (ing km) - - - - - - 171. 6 165. 7 -3. 4 Corporate average fuel consumption (domestic) (in l 100 km) 5. 79 5. 97 6. 42 6. 0856. 03 -0. 9 6. 08 6. 0350. 8 Corporate average fuel consumption (imported) (in l 100 km) - - - - - 7. 24 6. 9953. 5 Retail New Energy Vehicles deliveries 3 (in unit) - - - - - 59, 118 99, 972 69. 1 Highvoltage batteries recycled (in pieces) 3, 262 4, 347 6, 173 10, 153 41, 759 311. 3 10, 318 42, 072 307. 8 Highvoltage batteries recycled (in kg) 78, 875 98, 261 123, 111 579, 231 1, 020, 470 76. 2 589, 384 1, 029, 390 74. 7 Spare parts recycled (number) 124, 600 108, 070 278, 000 275, 421 351, 634 27. 7 275, 421 351, 634 27. 7 Spare parts recycled (in t) 563 669 867 595 766 28. 7 595 766 28. 7 Public charging pillars provided in China (number) 130, 405 306, 891 365, 713 470, 534 588, 550 25. 1 470, 534 588, 550 25. 1 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 96 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
PRODUCTION AND OPERATION BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change CO 2 emissions per vehicle produced 2 (in tCO 2 vehicle) 0. 21 0. 19 0. 17 0. 19 0. 18 -5. 3 0. 19 0. 18 -5. 3 Total Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2 CO 2 e) 21, 251, 988 24, 113, 170 29, 201, 934 32, 560, 605 34, 780, 313 6. 8 39, 720, 941. 00 40, 211, 085 1. 2 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2) 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 57, 309 - 54, 306 58, 532 - BMW Group China locations - natural gas 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 53, 044 -2. 3 54, 306 53, 044 -2. 3 Company vehicles 3- - - - 4, 265 - - 5, 488 - Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions 4 (in tCO 2) 68, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 80, 662 6. 0 76, 121 81, 109 6. 6 Electricity heat purchased 468, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 80, 662 6. 0 76, 121 81, 109 6. 6 Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2 e) 21, 141, 245 23, 998, 281 29, 079, 393 32, 430, 178 34, 642, 342 6. 8 39, 590, 514 40, 071, 444 1. 2 Purchased goods and services 5, 6 9, 624, 538 10, 711, 299 12, 881, 245 12, 973, 070 13, 774, 060 6. 2 14, 724, 598 15, 060, 222 2. 3 Logistics 7173, 102 175, 113 310, 772 519, 304 619, 572 19. 3 711, 850 821, 111 15. 3 Utilisation phase 11, 058, 404 12, 799, 547 15, 521, 957 18, 562, 014 19, 818, 887 6. 8 23, 693, 045 23, 688, 313 0. 0 Disposal 6, 8267, 321 300, 866 352, 059 361, 245 411, 124 13. 8 444, 234 47 7, 8 8 0 7. 6 Business trips 98, 815 2, 105 2, 606 2, 560 6, 438 151. 5 4, 802 11, 657 142. 8 Employees commuting 9, 065 9, 351 10, 754 11, 985 12, 261 2. 3 11, 985 12, 261 2. 3 Share of renewable electricity (in ) 100 100 100 100 100 0. 0 100 100 0. 0 Total energy consumption 10, 11 (in MWh) 974, 642 1, 026, 890 1, 106, 295 1, 169, 425 1, 245, 906 6. 5 1, 189, 231 1, 267, 107 6. 5 Total fuel consumption from nonrenewable resources (natural gas) (in MWh)233, 127 238, 834 295, 209 297, 7 27 298, 231 0. 2 297, 7 27 298, 231 0. 2 Total electricity consumption 10 (in MWh) 557, 572 590, 214 590, 662 625, 039 664, 759 6. 4 644, 845 684, 848 3. 1 Total heating consumption 11 (in MWh) 183, 943 197, 8 42 220, 424 246, 659 282, 916 14. 7 246, 659 284, 028 14. 6 Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle) 1. 63 1. 51 1. 40 1. 60 1. 58 -1. 3 1. 60 1. 58 -1. 3 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)0. 52 0. 50 0. 12 0. 12 0. 11 -8. 3 0. 12 0. 11 -8. 3 Total water consumption (in m 3) 1, 332, 876 1, 188, 228 1, 275, 998 1, 191, 954 1, 255, 579 5. 3 1, 191, 954 1, 255, 579 5. 3 Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m 3 vehicle) 2. 40 1. 97 1. 82 1. 77 1. 72 -2. 8 1. 77 1. 72 -2. 8 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. 2. CO emissions per vehicle produced by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and by other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. R&D centres, training centres, office buildings), excluding emissions from energy consumption of construction and onsite suppliers of BMW Brilliance plants. The previous years' figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. 3. Include the emissions of company vehicles since 2023. 4. Include the emissions from heat purchased of nonmanufacturing sites since 2023. 5. The methodology used to calculate emissions changed in the 2023 reporting year. Enhancements to the IT system have made it possible to perform a differentiated calculation for all vehicles taking into account different energy mixes and carbon emission factors for different production regions. The values in the time series were adapted using this new methodology (values based on prior methodology for BMW Brilliance 2019 3, 981, 487 tCO 2 e, 2020 4, 339, 177 tCO 2 e, 2021 5, 071, 706 tCO 2 e, 2022 5, 179, 693 tCO 2 e, 2023 5, 666, 641 tCO 2 e; for BMW Group China 2022 6, 410, 297 tCO 2 e, 2023 6, 658, 211 tCO 2 e). 6. Emissions of the vehiclerelated purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera. 7. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the adjustments to emissions factors and the increase in weight transported. 8. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase of the total number of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market. 9. Include employees' air travel for business purposes. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase in the frequency of domestic and international travel. 10. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase in production volume. 11. Include the heating consumption of nonmanufacturing sites since 2023. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 97 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
PRODUCTION AND OPERATION BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Total waste 2 (in t) 8 7, 013 181, 791 210, 691 208, 564 231, 484 11. 0 208, 564 231, 484 11. 0 Total waste for recycling 2, 3 (in t) 83, 004 179, 987 208, 940 207, 214 230, 235 11. 1 207, 214 230, 235 11. 1 Total waste for disposal 2 (in t) 4, 009 1, 804 1, 751 1, 350 1, 249 -7. 5 1, 350 1, 249 -7. 5 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle) 7. 47 2. 99 2. 50 2. 00 1. 72 -14. 0 2. 00 1. 72 -14. 0 Total nonhazardous waste 2, 3 (in t) 76, 814 172, 349 200, 283 198, 662 221, 245 11. 4 198, 662 221, 245 11. 4 Total nonhazardous waste for recycling 2, 3 (in t) 74, 891 172, 007 200, 068 198, 474 221, 245 11. 5 198, 474 221, 245 11. 5 Total nonhazardous waste for disposal 2, 4 (in t) 1, 923 342 215 188 0 -100. 0 188 0 -100. 0 Total hazardous waste 2 (in t) 10, 199 9, 442 10, 408 9, 902 10, 239 3. 4 9, 902 10, 239 3. 4 Total hazardous waste for recycling 2 (in t) 8, 113 7, 9 8 0 8, 872 8, 740 8, 990 2. 9 8, 740 8, 990 2. 9 Total hazardous waste for disposal 2, 3 (in t) 2, 086 1, 462 1, 536 1, 162 1, 249 7. 5 1, 162 1, 249 7. 5 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. 2. Waste generated by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants). 3. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase in production volume. 4. In 2023, Powertrain Plant achieved zero landfill waste. 5. Include parts and raw material's suppliers and purchasing volume of BMW Brilliance only. 6. Newly added indicator since 2023. DEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Local content suppliers in China 5 (number) 394 400 436 429 455 6. 1 429 455 6. 1 Purchasing volume in China 5 (in RMB billion) 49. 68 54. 89 71. 39 73. 47 86. 53 17. 8 73. 47 86. 53 17. 8 Certificated BMW NT Green Star dealers 6 (number) - - - - - - - 251 - BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 98 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change T otal workforce at yearend (number) 19, 824 20, 739 22, 829 25, 802 25, 856 0. 2 27, 9 8 2 28, 074 0. 3 Female employees in total workforce (number) 2, 389 2, 465 2, 725 2, 931 3, 119 6. 4 4, 066 4, 256 4. 7 Female employees in total workforce (in ) 12. 1 11. 9 11. 9 11. 4 12. 1 6. 1 14. 5 15. 2 4. 8 Male employees in total workforce (number) 17, 435 18, 274 20, 104 22, 871 22, 737 -0. 6 23, 916 23, 818 -0. 4 Male employees in total workforce (in ) 87. 9 88. 1 88. 1 88. 6 87. 9 -0. 8 85. 5 84. 8 -0. 8 Employees, age 30 (number) 7, 48 6 6, 893 7, 099 7, 881 6, 811 -13. 6 8, 089 6, 985 -13. 6 Employees, age 30 (in ) 37. 8 33. 2 31. 1 30. 5 26. 3 -13. 8 28. 9 24. 9 -13. 8 Employees, age 3050 (number) 12, 192 13, 675 15, 515 17, 670 18, 741 6. 1 19, 582 20, 718 5. 8 Employees, age 3050 (in ) 61. 5 65. 9 68. 0 68. 5 72. 5 5. 8 70. 0 73. 8 5. 4 Employees, age 50 (number) 146 171 215 251 304 21. 1 311 371 19. 3 Employees, age 50 (in ) 0. 7 0. 8 0. 9 1. 0 1. 2 20. 0 1. 1 1. 3 18. 2 Employees in Shenyang (number) 19, 068 19, 963 21, 563 24, 174 24, 027 -0. 6 24, 260 24, 131 -0. 5 Employees in Shenyang (in ) 96. 2 96. 3 94. 5 93. 7 92. 9 -0. 9 86. 7 85. 9 -0. 9 Employees in Beijing (number) 756 776 1, 266 990 1, 073 8. 4 2, 709 2, 802 3. 4 Employees in Beijing (in ) 3. 8 3. 7 5. 5 3. 8 4. 1 10. 5 9. 7 10. 0 3. 1 Employees in Shanghai (number) - - - 103 96 -6. 8 377 387 2. 7 Employees in Shanghai (in ) - - - 0. 4 0. 4 0. 0 1. 3 1. 4 7. 7 Employees in other cities (number) - - - 535 660 23. 4 636 754 18. 6 Employees in other cities (in ) - - - 2. 1 2. 6 23. 8 2. 3 2. 7 17. 4 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 99 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Female employees in management positions 2 (in ) 30. 6 30. 2 31. 4 31. 8 33. 2 4. 4 37. 1 37. 9 2. 2 Local employees in management positions 2 (in ) 86. 7 87. 2 90. 0 91. 7 91. 7 0. 0 91. 3 91. 5 0. 2 Share of employees with fixedterm contract (in ) 48. 1 41. 0 41. 4 48. 8 46. 7 -4. 3 47. 8 45. 8 -4. 2 Total local new employee hires 3 (number) 1, 628 1, 691 3, 510 4, 716 1, 082 -7 7. 1 5, 044 1, 277 -74. 7 Total local new employee hires 3 (in ) 8. 2 8. 2 15. 4 18. 3 4. 2 -7 7. 0 18. 0 4. 5 -75. 0 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. 2. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. 3. This figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 100 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA 1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Local attrition rate 2 (in ) 3. 7 3. 8 7. 4 6. 9 3. 8 -44. 9 7. 1 4. 1 -42. 5 Local voluntary attrition rate 2 (in ) 2. 6 2. 9 6. 6 6. 0 2. 94 -51. 0 6. 2 3. 1 -50. 7 Local involuntary attrition rate 2 (in ) 1. 1 0. 8 0. 9 0. 8 0. 83 3. 7 0. 9 1. 0 14. 4 Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked) 0. 17 0. 09 0. 13 0. 08 0. 06 -25. 0 0. 08 0. 063 -25. 0 Training days of training organised by the Academy of Human Resources Department 4 (in day)24, 311 15, 491 19, 524 25, 844 36, 730 42. 1 28, 241 40, 047 41. 8 Average days of further training per employee 4 (in day person) 1. 23 0. 75 0. 86 1. 00 1. 42 42. 0 1. 01 1. 43 41. 6 Training attendee satisfaction rate (in ) 98. 2 98. 4 99. 0 99. 8 99. 0 -0. 8 99. 4 98. 7 -0. 7 Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number) 2, 628, 710 11, 568, 364 11, 459, 458 - - 31, 885, 474 35, 542, 888 11. 5 Accumulated beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities 5 (number) 2, 866, 602 14, 434, 966 25, 894, 424 - - 57, 7 79, 89 8 93, 322, 786 61. 5 Expenditure on social commitment activities (in RMB) 16, 513, 831 36, 619, 722 23, 439, 759 - - 24, 210, 755 34, 166, 8496 41. 1 Total participants of CSR activities 7 (number) 212 85 300 - - 916 904 -1. 3 Total hours of volunteer service 7, 8 (in hour) 1, 915 923 1, 914 - - 1, 960 6, 050 208. 7 Note 1. Selected key figures for BMW Group China are audited on the basis of a limited assurance engagement. See LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT on p. 113 for details. 2. This figure does not include employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death. 3. Compared to 2022, there were fewer accident cases that happened in 2023. 4. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the scope expansion by including elearning courses into the scope. 5. Accumulated figure which highly depends on the data in the reporting year and the previous years. 6. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the donations to the Beijing heavy rains and flood disasters and the Gansu earthquake relief. 7. Started from 2023, the voluntary activities held by BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland are included into the scope. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. 8. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the reporting scope expansion and the long duration of the held volunteer activities. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary 101 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI 2 GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021 The BMW Group China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1 st, 2022 to December 31 st, 2022 with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 21 Organisation details 09 -- -- GRI 22 Entities included in the organisation s sustainability reporting 02 -- -- GRI 23 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 02 -- -- GRI 24 Restatements of information -- Where necessary and possible, restatements are explained in footnotes to the respective groups. -- GRI 25 External assurance 113 -- -- GRI 26 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 10, 5969 -- -- GRI 27 Employees 7185, 99101 -- 6 GRI 1 FOUNDATION GRI 1 applied GRI 1 Foundation 2021 Applicable GRI Sector Standard (s) None BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 102 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 28 Workers who are not employees -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 29 Governance structure and composition 20 -- -- GRI 210 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 20 -- -- GRI 211 Chair of the highest governance body 0406 -- -- GRI 212 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 20 -- -- GRI 213 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 20 -- -- GRI 214 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 20 -- -- GRI 215 Conflicts of interest -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 216 Communication of critical concerns 1719 -- -- GRI 217 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 20 -- -- GRI 218 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. -- GRI 219 Remuneration policies -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. -- GRI 220 Process to determine remuneration -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. -- GRI 221 Annual total compensation ratio -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. -- GRI 222 Statement on sustainable development strategy 0406 -- -- GRI 223 Policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 224 Embedding policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 225 Processes to remediate negative impacts 2224 -- -- GRI 226 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 2224 -- -- GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 2224 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 103 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 228 Membership associations -- CAAM (China Association of Automobile Manufacturers) CAEFI (China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) IAC (The Investment Association of China) LNAEFI (Liaoning Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) SYAEFI (Shenyang Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) BAEFI (Beijing Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) ABNEA (Association of Beijing New Energy Automotive) AHK (German Chamber of Commerce in China) EFQM (European Foundation for Quality Management) Road Vehicle Committee of China Intelligent Transportation Systems Association (ITS China) CBCSD (China Business Council for Sustainable Development) Global Compact Network China-- GRI 229 Approach to stakeholder engagement 1719 -- -- GRI 230 Collective bargaining agreements 7780 100 of local employees are members of the BMW Brilliance Trade Union, and all Union members are covered by the Collective Contract on Labour Remuneration. This excludes expatriates, who are not eligible for the Trade Union. 3 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 104 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES FOR MATERIAL TOPICS We report all relevant information on our material topics inaccordance with our management approaches. For reasons of confidentiality, we do not disclose on the personnel and financial resources that are used for the management of these topics. Sustainable Product Portfolio GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 3025 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 12, 4950 -- -- Product Quality and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- GRI 4161 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 2830 -- -- GRI 4162 Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services-- BMW Group China did not have significant noncompliance with laws regulations in 2022 that resulted in a financially material impact.--GRI Standard Page index Further Information GRI 31 Process to determine material topics 18 -- GRI 32 List of material topics 18 -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 105 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Decarbonisation across the Value Chain GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 3021 Energy consumption within the organisation 97 -- -- GRI 3022 Energy consumption outside of the organisation -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 3023 Energy intensity 97 -- -- GRI 3024 Reduction of energy consumption 12, 4950 -- -- GRI 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 20, 4851 -- -- Circular Economy GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 3011 Materials used by weight or volume 35 -- -- GRI 3012 Recycled input materials used 35 -- -- GRI 3013 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 35 -- -- Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 3051 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 97 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 106 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3052 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 97 -- -- GRI 3053 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 97 -- -- GRI 3054 GHG emissions intensity 97 -- -- GRI 3055 Reduction of GHG emissions 12, 4950 -- -- Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 3061 Waste generation and significant wasterelated impacts 47, 5154 -- -- GRI 3062 Management of significant wasterelated impacts 47, 5154 -- -- GRI 3063 Waste generated 98 -- -- GRI 3064 Waste diverted from disposal 13 This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 3065 Waste directed to disposal 5154 -- -- GRI 3031 Interactions with water as a shared resource 5154 -- -- GRI 3032 Management of water dischargerelated impacts 5154 -- -- GRI 3033 Water withdrawal -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. -- GRI 3034 Water discharge 5154 -- -- GRI 3035 Water consumption 5154, 97 -- --(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 107 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3042 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity 52 -- -- GRI 3043 Habitats protected or restored 90 -- -- Responsible Sourcing GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 110 GRI 3081 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 3082 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 6669 -- -- GRI 4141 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 4142 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 6669 -- -- GRI 2041 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 98 -- -- Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 4, 5, 6 GRI 4051 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 7780 -- --(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 108 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Occupational Health and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819, 82 -- -- GRI 4031 Occupational health and safety management system 82 -- -- GRI 4032 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 8182 -- -- GRI 4033 Occupational health services 8384 -- -- GRI 4034 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 85 -- -- GRI 4035 Worker training on occupational health and safety 8284 -- -- GRI 4036 Promotion of worker health 8284 -- -- GRI 4037 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 8284 -- -- GRI 4038 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 8284 -- -- GRI 4039 Workrelated injuries 8182 -- -- GRI 40310 Workrelated ill health -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. --Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 4052 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. -- GRI 4061 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. --(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 109 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Employee Development and Talent Retention GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- GRI 4041 Average hours of training per year per employee 7376 -- -- GRI 4042 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes 7376 -- -- GRI 4043 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews -- Some of BMW Group China's entity carries out a companywide portfolio process on an annual basis to assess associates performance and career development. The percentage information is not currently available due to the complexity of the portfolio process and variations among different job functions.-- Attractive Workplace GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- GRI 2013 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 84 -- -- Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 110 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 2052 Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures 2224 We define governance bodies as those committees which receive active regular reports by the compliance function. All committee members are informed about each entities anticorruption policies and procedures. All committee members who are BMW Group China employees have also received training on anticorruption. Committee members representing our shareholders are covered by the compliance programmes of BMW Group respectively. Our compliance training includes mandatory online training for all nonproduction employees, additional classroom training for new employees and managers, and special workshops and training for specific target groups (e. g. Sales, Purchasing, and Finance). Information unavailable The number of business partners that policies and procedures have been communicated to is not reported.-- GRI 2061 Legal actions for anticompetitive behaviour, antitrust, and monopoly practices 2224 In 2023, there were no legal actions regarding anticompetitive behaviour or violations of antitrust and monopoly legislation.-- Information Security and Privacy Protection GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- GRI 4181 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data-- BMW Group China did not encounter substantiated complaints in 2023 concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.--(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 111 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Sustainable Governance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- Public Policy Participation GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 33 Management of material topics 1819 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index 112 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Limited Assurance Report 113 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Limited Assurance Report 114 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
BASIS OF REPORTING Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide (number)Number of authorised dealership outlets and agents in operation in Chinese mainland at yearend, including BMW brand and Rolls Royce brand dealership outlets, and MINI brand agents. The figure does not include BMW Motorrad dealerships. Vehicles produced (in unit) BMW vehicles produced by BMW Brilliance of the year. Corporate average fuel consumption (domestic) (in l 100 km)Average fuel consumption of automobiles produced by BMW Brilliance of BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market of the year. The calculation is based on the GB 279992019 Fuel Consumption Evaluation Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People's Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 of the MIIT of the People's Republic of China on April 1 st, 2024. Corporate average fuel consumption (imported) (in l 100 km)Average fuel consumption of automobiles imported by BMW China of BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market of the year. The calculation is based on the GB 279992019 Fuel Consumption Evaluation Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People's Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 of the MIIT of the People's Republic of China on April 1 st, 2024. Average fleet CO 2 emissions (domestic) (ing km)Average CO 2 emissions of automobiles produced by BMW Brilliance of BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market of the year. Average fleet CO 2 emissions (imported) (ing km)Average CO 2 emissions of automobiles imported by BMW China of BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market of the year. Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2)Direct CO 2 emissions generated by fossil fuel consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), aswell as the direct CO 2 emissions of company vehicles of BMW Group China, excluding the fossil fuel consumption of construction and onsite suppliers of BMW Brilliance plants. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). The emissions of company vehicles refers to the direct CO 2 emissions generated from company vehicles that are controlled by BMW Group China, and the emissions are calculated based on kilometres driven and the corresponding emission factors. Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2)Indirect CO 2 emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity and purchased heating of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), excluding the purchased electricity and purchased heating consumption of construction and onsite thirdparty suppliers. Scope 2 CO 2 emissions calculated using the marketbased method inaccordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance issued by the World Resources Institute. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO 2 e)Indirect emissions generated in the upstream and downstream stages of the value chain of BMW Group China of the year. Emissions of the vehiclerelated purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera. Transport logistics emissions are based on the mode of transport, weight transported and the distance travelled in kilometres. Emissions factors are derived from contemporary standards such as the GLEC Framework V 3. 0 and DIN EN 16258 ISO 14083. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (asper VDA 900100). Employee commuting emissions include trips by shuttle bus between Shenyang downtown and BMW Brilliance plants. Business trips emissions include employees air travel of BMW Group China entities for business purposes. Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle)Productionrelevant energy consumption per vehicle produced in BMW Brilliance plants, excluding the energy consumption of R&D, Vehicle Distribution Centre (VDC), construction, onsite thirdparty suppliers, and other nonproduction relevant energy consumption of the plants. Total energy consumption (in MWh) Total energy consumption generated by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and by other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings) of the year, including electricity, purchased heating, and natural gas. Share of renewable electricity (in ) The ratio of renewable electricity consumed to the total electricity consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings). Renewable electricity includes the generation of solar power electricity, Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), and the International Renewable Energy Certificates (IRECs). BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Basis of Reporting 115 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)Productionrelevant VOCs solvent emissions per vehicle produced in BMW Brilliance plants. VOCs solvent emissions are mainly generated during the painting process. CO 2 emissions per vehicle produced (in tCO 2 vehicle)CO emissions per vehicle produced by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and by other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (nonmanufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), excluding CO emissions from energy consumption of construction and onsite suppliers of BMW Brilliance plants. Waste for disposal per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)Productionrelevant waste for disposal per vehicle produced in BMW Brilliance plants. Total nonhazardous waste (in t) Productionrelevant nonhazardous waste for recycling and for disposal of the year in BMW Brilliance plants. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. Total hazardous waste (in t) Productionrelevant hazardous waste for recycling and for disposal of the year in BMW Brilliance plants. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. Total waste (in t) Productionrelevant nonhazardous and hazardous waste for recycling and disposal of the year in BMW Brilliance plants. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m 3 vehicle)Productionrelevant potable water consumption per vehicle produced in BMW Brilliance plants, excluding the potable water consumption of R&D, VDC, construction, onsite thirdparty suppliers and other nonproduction relevant potable water consumption of the plants. Total water consumption (in m 3) Productionrelevant potable water consumption of the year in BMW Brilliance plants. Local content suppliers in China (number)Total number of parts suppliers and raw material suppliers of BMW Brilliance of the year including the runout suppliers of the year. Purchasing volume in China (in RMB billion)The amount of purchasing volume, including tax, paid by BMW Brilliance to parts suppliers and raw material suppliers in Chinese mainland of the year. Total workforce at yearend (number) The number of employees of BMW Group China entities (BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (BMW Brilliance) and its whollyowned subsidiary Ling Yue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Ling Yue), BMW China Investment Ltd. (BMW China Investment), BMW China Automotive Trading Ltd. (BMW China), BMW China Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. (BMW Automotive Finance), BMW China Services Ltd. (BMW China Services) and Herald International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Herald Leasing) at yearend. The figure does not include interns, while it includes dispatched employees. Female employees in total workforce (in )The ratio of female employees at yearend to the total workforce at yearend. Female employees in management positions (in )The ratio of female employees in management positions at yearend to total employees in management positions at yearend. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Local employees in management positions (in )The ratio of local employees in management positions at yearend to total employees in management positions at yearend. Local refers to managers with local contracts. People deployed to work at the location who do not have a local employment contract are not included. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Total local new employee hires (in ) The ratio of newly hired local employees of the year to the total workforce at yearend. The figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. Local attrition rate (in ) Departures of local employees divided by the number of monthly average local employees of the year. Employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death are not included. Training days of training organised by the Academy of Human Resources Department (in day)Total training days of LRG (Learning Resources Guide) training and department training organised by the Academy of Human Resources Department of the year. The data also include elearning courses. Average days of further training per employee (in day person)Average training days for employees participating in the training organised the Academy of Human Resources Department. The data also include elearning courses. Training attendee satisfaction rate (in )Average training satisfaction evaluated by employees who have attended training organised the Academy of Human Resources Department. The data include offline training only. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked)The scope only covers directly contracted employees in BMW Brilliance plants. It is calculated by the number of accidents with one day lost time or more divided by the total working hours (in million) of the year. Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number)Number of times people benefited from CSR activities organised by the BMW CSR team, BMW Brilliance Trade Union in Chinese mainland and BMW Brilliance Shenyang Associate Social Responsibility Programme. Beneficiaries of online video and live stream activities is counted by visiting times. Expenditure on social commitment activities (in RMB)Expenditure on the social commitment by BMW Brilliance, BMW China, and China Education Development FoundationBMW Warm Heart Fund. Total participants of CSR activities (number)Total number of times volunteers attended voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association, BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Total hours of volunteer service (in hour)Total hours that volunteers spend on voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association, BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland, including direct service hours and indirect service hours. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Direct service hours refer to activity hours, and indirect service hours refer to the hours that volunteers spend on transportation, onsite preparation, and lunch hours during the activities. Certificated BMW NT Green Star dealers (number)Number of Certificated BMW NT Green star dealers in operation in Chinese mainland at yearend. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Basis of Reporting 116 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION
Contact for questions regarding this report BMW Group China Corporate Sustainability 28 th Floor, Tower B, Gateway Plaza, 18 Xiaguangli, North Road East Third Ring, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100027, P. R. China Tel 86(0)10 8455 7000 Further information and publications are available at http www. bmwbrilliance. cn cn en csr download. html
