Corporate Social Responsibility Report Governance Social Environmental Forever and Ever, Man and Nature Stand Together The Yangtze River, the Yellow River, and the Lancang River flow ceaselessly, nourishing the splendid and enduring civilization of the Chinese nation. Here, Bank of China, brimming with deep affection for the land, joins hands with the Three Rivers Source Ecological Protection Foundation to launch the One Yuan, One Drop of Water Love the Three Rivers Source public welfare project. Together with 20, 000 individuals, we are dedicated to safeguarding the Chinese Water Tower and contributing to the creation of a magnificent panorama where mountains are pristine, waters are abundant, and all things flourish. Bank of China Limited
Message from the Chairman 02 Message from the President 04 About BOC 06 10 42 96 ESG Key Performance Responsibility Management Commitment and Progress Outlook About the Report Assurance Statement Indexes 122 136 138 140 141 142 147 Governance 12 Strategies and Policies 14 Managing ESG Risks Associated with Customers 20 Indicators and Targets 31 Green Finance Capacity Building 40 44 67 74 83 Party Building as A Guiding Beacon 98 Enhancing Corporate Governance Efficiency 100 Upholding Talent Driven Development 106 Enhancing the Quality and Effectiveness of Digital Financial Services 112 Deepening Comprehensive Risk Management 116 Strict Adherence to Bottom Line of Internal Control and Compliance 119 Contents Environmental Chapter Governance Chapter Social Chapter Promoting Harmonious Coexistence between Humanity and Nature Opening a New Chapter of Serving the Nation and the People Management Measures Highlighted Cases Highlighted Data Embarking ona Path of Green Development Embarking ona Path of Green Development Laying the Groundwork for Exceptional Growth Upholding Integrity and Fostering Innovation Staying True to Original Aspirations Serving Higherquality Development of the Chinese Economy and Society Fulfilling People's Aspiration fora Better Life through Financial Services Providing Highquality Customer Services Creating and Sharing the Diverse Value of Charity
03 02 Message from the Chairman The year 2023 that has just passed was the first year for fully implementing the guiding principles from the 20 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. We adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics fora New Era, highlighted the political significance and peopleoriented nature of financial work, earnestly fulfilled our economic and social responsibilities as a major bank, built a diversified and professional system of financial products and services and went all out to support highquality economic and social development. We stayed committed to our fundamental mission, optimized financial supply and did a better job in serving the real economy. Our RMB loans increased by about RMB 2. 4 trillion, strongly supporting the recovery of the real economy. In a bid to boost the development of new quality productive forces, the balance of loans in strategic emerging industries, manufacturing industry, and technology finance increased by 74. 35, 28. 05, and 30. 94, respectively. Focusing on the comprehensive financial needs of micro and small enterprises (MSEs), we expanded the coverage of more convenient financial services. The number of MSE customers and the balance of inclusive loans to them both grew by 43, and continued to reduce fees and provide benefits to the inclusive customer groups. We supported the formation of a new model of real estate development, with rental housing loans up by 97. 48, and the interest rate lowered for stock personal housing loans totalling about RMB 2. 5 trillion, promoting the steady and healthy development of the real estate market. We put people first, enhanced service warmth, and continued to deepen finance that benefits the people. We continued to carry out the job stabilization and expansion campaign thematic activity and provided special loans to MSEs to help expand employment. Making efforts on both the supply and demand sides of the silver economy, we actively created new financial products, business forms, and models for elderly care, accelerating the establishment of a finance pension service system. Our silver service scene served 9. 26 million people, a yearonyear increase of 40. 94. We went all out to serve rural revitalization, and our agriculturerelated loans increased by 28. 53 to reach RMB 2, 656, 100 million, driving the effective connection between the achievements of poverty alleviation and rural revitalization, and we extended our institution network to cover 26 more counties. We doubled down on assistance to the four counties of Yongshou, Changwu, Xunyi and Chunhua of Xianyang. In 2023, we implemented 101 assistance projects and spent nonreimbursable funds of RMB 80, 570 thousand on them, continually enhancing the public's sense of gain and happiness. Acting on the belief that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, we supported green development, and served the construction of a beautiful China. Actively responding to climate change, we continued to internalize the green and lowcarbon development philosophy in all processes and aspects of business development, and worked with all sectors of society to create a highquality ecological environment. We reviewed the Group's green finance indicator system for the 14 th Five Year Plan period, revised the green finance work plan, and clarified our development goals and work measures. In 2023, the actual new green loan amounted to RMB 1. 1195 billion, an increase of 56. 34 from the beginning of the year. We continued to lead the market in the scale of green bond underwriting. Aimed at the goal of becoming the preferred bank for green financial services, we upgraded and improved the BOC Green product and service portfolio and enhanced the ESG risk management level of customers. We actively performed our duties in over 10 domestic and foreign green mechanisms, including the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) and Green Investment Principles for the Belt and Road Initiative (GIP), and promoted international cooperation for green development. We leveraged our global advantages to serve highlevel opening up and support the formation of a new development pattern that would feature positive interplay between domestic and international economic circulations. Making full use of our institutional network covering 64 overseas countries and regions, we served going global enterprises and bringing in enterprises and helped to stabilize foreign trade and foreign investment. We provided highquality services for the China Central Asia Summit and thoroughly participated in the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, making our contributions to global sustainable development. Phnom Penh Branch and BOC (Serbia) were approved to operate as RMB clearing banks by local authorities, and the crossborder RMB clearing volume of the Group increased by 26. 55 yearonyear. We delivered more convenient crossborder RMB use, and saw the volume of crossborder RMB settlement business rise by more than 80 yearonyear and the number of Crossboundary Wealth Management clients increasing by 62. 71, better meeting the financial service needs of crossborder trade and investment. We strengthened our bottomline thinking, solidified our risk defences, and continuously improved our robust operational capabilities. We enhanced comprehensive risk management, improved risk assessment, investigation and emergency response mechanisms, and strengthened the management and control of nontraditional risks, continuously increasing our risk resilience and firmly safeguarding against systemic financial risks. We promoted the alignment of risk management with market conditions and business strategies, facilitating a dynamic balance and mutual reinforcement between development and security. We strengthened risk management and control in key areas such as real estate, local government debt, and small and mediumsized financial institutions, and stepped up efforts in collection and risk mitigation. We reinforced overseas risk management and control, effectively responding to fluctuations in the international financial market, and ensuring the safety of our overseas assets. We continuously improved the Group's work safety system, conducted hidden danger investigations, and strived to ensure complete safety. We consolidated the foundation of management, improved corporate governance, and continued to strengthen the momentum of sustainable development. The ESG philosophy is deeply embedded into our corporate governance. The Board of Directors regularly reviewed issues concerning consumer rights protection and green finance. We improved the effectiveness of corporate governance and stepped up in the daily communication of the Shareholders' General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the management. We made timely and comprehensive information disclosures to the public and received the highest rating from the Shanghai Stock Exchange for ten consecutive years for our information disclosure work. To build a strong talent force, we improved mechanisms for talent cultivation, recruitment, and utilization. We also promote talent exchanges between the Head Office and branches, between domestic and foreign institutions, and between departments, and broaden the career development channels for employees. We took solid steps to promote the development of digital finance, promoted the deep integration of business and technology, accelerated digital and intelligent transformation, and focused on making our financial services more convenient and competitive. This year marks the 75 th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China anda crucial moment for achieving the goals and tasks outlined in the 14 th Five Year Plan. Bank of China will unswervingly apply the new development philosophy, and find out how to strike an optimal balance between serving macro economic and social development and driving our highquality corporate development, whereto start and what points of support we can leverage. We will take the initiative to fulfil our mission and responsibility as a large bank, and actively serve the sustainable development of the economy, society and environment. We will contribute more to building a great country and rejuvenating the nation. Chairman
05 04 Message from the President In 2023, Bank of China fully and faithfully applied the new development philosophy on all fronts, adhered to a peoplecentred value orientation, carried on our centuryold fine tradition, took the initiative to seize market opportunities, actively responded to various challenges, and continuously enhanced the adaptability, competitiveness, and inclusiveness of its financial services, so as to continuously improve the quality of its development in the course of fully serving the sustainable development of the economy, environment and society. We fulfilled our responsibility as a major bank and helped drive economic recovery and improvement. We continuously optimized financial supply, channeling more resources into major strategies, key areas, and weak links. We provided comprehensive financial services to over 15, 000 national and provinciallevel specialized, refined, unique, and innovative enterprises, better meeting the full lifecycle needs of technology companies. Lending growth in the private and small and micro sectors exceeded the Bank's overall average, and corporate integrated financing costs declined. We extended our reach in pension services, supported the accelerated development of the elderly care industry, enriched elderly care service scenarios, and deepened the agefriendliness of various financial service channels. With the goal of high standards, sustainability, and benefiting livelihoods, we cumulatively followed up on over 1, 000 credit projects in countries jointly building the Belt and Road Initiative, cumulatively providing over USD 316 billion in credit support. It served investment promotion and exhibition activities at nationallevel events such as the China International Import Expo and China International Consumer Products Expo, interfacing and serving over 100 local overseas investment promotion delegations. Throughout the year, we held 19 crossborder business matchmaking activities, in which nearly 3, 000 domestic and foreign enterprises reached the intent of cooperation, involving more than USD 20 billion. We optimised the service plan for protecting micro, small and mediumsized enterprises from exchange rate risks, and helping them better cope with market risks. We worked toward China's carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals and promoted green and lowcarbon development. We have incorporated climate and environmental factors into the comprehensive risk management system, and added the requirements for green development to over 90 industryspecific credit policies. The Group's green financial service system was perfected, and has fully covered such areas as loans, deposits, investment, debt, stocks, leasing, insurance, and carbon markets. The incentive and restraint mechanisms were improved, too. We moved faster to build use into a preferred bank for green financial services, and contribute to ecological conservation. We enriched the scenariobased financial service system, upgraded and iterated online products, and vigorously supported green and lowcarbon consumption. Green operations were advancing solidly. 310 more outlets were designated ona cumulative basis as specialty outlets in green finance. We are moving orderly towards the goal of a carbonneutral operation. In 2023, we received more than 10 awards from authoritative organizations at home and abroad, including the Best ESG Bank in China, Best Sustainable Finance Bank in China and Exemplary Units for Green Banking, and our brand influence in the field of green development continued to increase. We enhanced service quality and effectiveness and went all out to provide livelihood financial security. Focusing on education, healthcare, employment, childcare, elderly care, housing, urban renewal and other fields, we coordinated efforts in product innovation, process optimisation and scenario integration. We continued to improve the customer experience, expanded the finance government affairs service scenarios at smart counters to over 1, 100 scenarios, optimised services for groups with special needs, and provided customers with warmer finance service. We continuously enriched mobile banking functions and optimized services in clothing, food, housing, transportation, medical, education, and entertainment scenarios, continuously enhancing the diversity and convenience of its services. For 24 consecutive years, we have conducted the national student loan business, supporting over 1. 9 million students to complete their studies. We organized 75 thousand awareness activities on consumer rights protection, reaching about 800 million consumers. We launched a campaign to crack down on account frauds, and put into use the monitoring model and control tools before, during, and after the event, to effectively protect the moneybag of customers. We fulfilled our social responsibilities and actively participated in charitable activities. To facilitate rural revitalization, we helped poor people build the confidence and capacity to help themselves. We offered 32 thousand training opportunities to primarylevel government officials, role models in rural revitalization, and technical personnel. We established bases for the convenience of the public, with nearly nine thousand BOC Sharing Stations opened, covering all provinces in China. To promote peopletopeople exchanges between China and the rest of the world, BOC, as the financial envoy, supported a number of landmark projects such as the concert to commemorate the 50 th anniversary of the Philadelphia Orchestra's inaugural visit to China. We also reformed the financial model of philanthropy, built a BOC philanthropy platform, promoted charitable fundraising projects, and raised nearly RMB 25 million in 2023. We colaunched the BOC Private Enjoyment Love Spring Bud project with the China Children and Teenagers' Fund for 10 consecutive years and immediately raised funds and materials for disasterstricken areas such as Gansu and Hebei. We assisted clients in setting up over 50 charitable trusts in the fields of rural revitalization, education, medical care, and art. In 2024, BOC will unswervingly adhere to the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics, strike an even better balance between functionality and profitability, vigorously promote the financial culture with Chinese characteristics, forge ahead with shareholders and employees, seek common development with customers and partners, and write anew chapter in the highquality corporate development on the grand blueprint of Chinese modernization. President
About BOC Profile of BOC Bank of China is the bank with the longest continuous operation among Chinese banks. Formally established in February 1912, the Bank served consecutively as the country's central bank, international exchange bank and specialised international trade bank. After 1949, drawing on its long history as the statedesignated specialised foreign exchange and trade bank, the Bank became responsible for managing China's foreign exchange operations and offering international trade settlement, overseas fund transfer and other nontrade foreign exchange services. Restructured into a wholly stateowned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2006, becoming the first Chinese bank to launch an AShare and HShare initial public offering and achieve a dual listing in both markets. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy tobe designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 13 consecutive years. With its growing international status, competitiveness and comprehensive strengths, the Bank has marched forward into the ranks of the world's large banks. At present, following the guiding principles of the 20 th National Congress of the CPC and the Central Financial Work Conference, the Bank takes serving the real economy as its mission, risk prevention and control as its eternal theme, consolidating and expanding globalised advantages and improving global layout ability as its primary task, and improving market competitiveness and serving national strategies as the core key. Proceeding from deepening reform, opening up and innovation, improving governance and operation efficiency, and promoting financial culture with Chinese characteristics, the Bank concentrates on the five major tasks of promoting technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance, and contributes to the building of a strong financial powerhouse through practical and earnest practice. As China's most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 64 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local noteissuing banks in their respective markets. The Bank has a wellestablished global service network and an integrated financial service system based on the pillars of its corporate banking, personal banking, financial markets and other commercial banking business, which covers investment banking, direct investment, securities, insurance, funds, aircraft leasing, asset management, financial technology, financing leasing and other areas, thus providing its customers with financial solutions featuring global expertise and allround services accessible at any point of contact. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of commitment and responsibility. Since its establishment 112 years ago, the Bank has steadfastly upheld its historic mission of promoting social welfare and contributing toa prosperous nation. This mission has formed a valuable spiritual legacy that aligns with the financial culture with Chinese characteristics to remain committed to honesty and trustworthiness, to seek interest without compromising moral principles, tobe prudent and cautious inwork, to uphold fundamental principles and break new ground, and to be compliant with law and regulations. On the new journey towards building a modern socialist country in all respects, Bank of China will adhere to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and faithfully implement the new development philosophy. It will accurately identify the convergence points, focal points, and supporting points for implementing the national policies and plans and achieving its highquality development. It will serve as the main force in supporting the real economy and as the bedrock for maintaining financial stability. It will unswervingly follow the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics, continue to open new grounds for its highquality development, and make greater contributions to the comprehensive advancement of building a stronger country and the great cause of national rejuvenation with Chinese modernisation. 07 06
09 08 Awards and Honors Category Awards Awarding institution General category 4 thin the Global Top 1, 000 Banks 2023 The Banker 4 thin the Global Bank Brands Value 500 2023 The Banker, Brand Finance 49 thin the Fortune Global 500 2023 Fortune Fortune Best ESG Bank in China 2023 Asiamoney Forbes China ESG Innovation Enterprise 2023 Forbes China New China Net ESG Excellent Case 2023 Xinhua Net ESG Enterprise of the Year Titanium Award 2023 The Asset Environmental category China's Best Sustainable Finance Bank Award Outstanding Leader in Sustainable Finance in the Asia Pacific, Outstanding Leader in Sustainable Bonds Global Finance Product Innovation Award Green Investment Principles for the Belt and Road Initiative (GIP) Carbon Neutral Benchmark Enterprise of the Year 2023 Caijing 18 th People's Enterprise Social Responsibility Award - Green Development Award People's Daily Best Environmental Responsibility Award, Annual Sustainable Development Award, Best Bank for Responsible Investment Sina Finance Category Awards Awarding institution Social category China's Typical Case of Inclusive Finance (2023) China Banking Association Outstanding Case of Inclusive Finance 2023 People's Daily ESG Pioneer Annual Responsible Pioneer Bloomberg Green Outstanding Contribution Bank for Rural Revitalization (BOC Fullerton) Economic Observer 20 th People's Craftsmanship Service Award (BOCG Insurance)People's Daily Governance category 9 Party Branches Named as the Top Four Party Branches Central and State Organs Central and State Organs Working Committee China Listed Companies Investor Relations Pegasus Award Best Investor Relations Case Award Securities Times BestIR Hong Kong Listed Company (AH Shares) New Fortune Best Practice Award for 2022 Annual Report Performance Presentation of Chinese Listed Companies China Listed Companies Association Highest Rating A for Annual Information Disclosure Evaluation Shanghai Stock Exchange
Embarking on a Path of Green Development Promoting Harmonious Coexistence between Humanity and Nature Green is the base colour of highquality development. BOC firmly establishes the concept that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, endeavours to build the preferred bank for green financial services, continuously optimises the green toplevel design, strengthens the management of environmental (climate), social, and governance risks (hereinafter referred to as Customer ESG risks ) associated with customers, and enhances the capacity for managing climaterelated risks. The Bank diversifies the mix of green finance products and services to provide green and sustainable momentum for highquality economic and social development. Better geared up for attaining green development, it gets actively involved in global climate governance, practises the concept of green and lowcarbon operation, works to achieve the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality ( dual carbon ) goal, and does what it canto advance the overall green transition of economic and social development, thus making greater contributions to the modernisation in which human beings and nature coexist harmoniously. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Environmental Chapter 11 10
13 12 Governance While implementing the philosophy of green development on all fronts and optimising the toplevel design related to financial support for green, lowcarbon development constantly, the Bank has put in place a threetier governance architecture in which the Board of Directors, the Senior Management, and professional teams work together to improve environmental (climaterelated) governance and greatly underpin the sound development of green finance. Governance framework Duties assumed Progress made in 2023 Board of Directors and its special committees They are responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan aswell as the green finance targets and the green finance reports. At the same time, they also supervise and evaluate the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. Directors of the Bank have rich experience in the field of environmental (climate) risk management. For instance, Mr. Huang Binghua, Nonexecutive Director of the Bank, used to work at the Ministry of Finance of China (MOF) fora long period of time, where he was dedicated to enhancing stateowned enterprise (SOE) environment and social corporate responsibilities (CSRs). The Board of Directors and its Strategic Development Committee reviewed and adopted the report on green finance development for 2022 and the green finance targets for 2023. The Board of Directors and its Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee reviewed and adopted the Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2022 of Bank of China Limited (Environmental, Social, Governance). The Risk Policy Committee of Board of Directors deliberated the Group's risk appetite statement and comprehensive risk management policy and reviewed heard the Group's quarterly risk reports in written form, which all covered the content related to ESG risk management. The Audit Committee of Board of Directors continued to monitor and timely updated on sustainable development trends. Chairman of the Board of Directors convened the ESG and green finance meetings to make arrangements for such aspects of work as toplevel design related to ESG and green finance, business development, and data governance. The Senior Training Course on Green Finance was held, with course materials sent to all directors for reference. A fulltime member of the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) was invited to have discussions around the topic of environmental information disclosure. Senior Management The Green Finance Committee is responsible for the overall management and professional decisionmaking of the Group's green finance work. Its main functions include implementing the resolutions and decisions of the Board of Directors (or its special committees) related to green finance, forwarding and acting on important national and regulatory policies, reviewing important policies and systems for the management of green finance and Customer ESG risks, organising or conducting selfevaluations of green finance, and hearing reports on green finance development. The Green Finance Committee reviewed and adopted such proposals as the list of demonstration institutions for green finance in 2023 and the Report on Green Finance of Bank of China in 2022 (TCFD), and heard the reports on performance in green finance, progress in key aspects of work, inventory of business environment information, etc. Professional teams The Credit Management Department of the Head Office sets up a green finance team to promote the specific work of green finance across the Group. Each department sets up fulltime and parttime positions to carry outwork related to green credit, green bonds, management of ESG risks associated with customers, carbon market services, data system development, and carbon neutral operation, among other aspects. Professional teams developed green finance across the Group with concrete efforts and put it in place properly. Board of Directors Senior Management (Executive Committee) Green Finance Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee Strategic Development Committee Risk Policy Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Incorporate dual carbon and other indicators into the performance assessment of its senior management members, linking the results to their remuneration Regularly review the green finance strategy and its implementation Regularly review issues such as the Bank's green finance and customers' ESG risk management, with a bank leader serving as the chair Regularly review the Bank's environmental and social risk management related topics Regularly review the Bank's ESGrelated development plans, policies and reports Note Details of the environmental (climate) governance structure and responsibilities are provided on the next page.
15 14 Strategic goals BOC has setout the basic principles, strategic goals, and incentives for the development of green finance in the 14 th Five Year Plan for Green Finance of Bank of China Limited. In 2023, the Bank actively implemented the core requirements put forth at the Central Financial Work Conference and, reexamined the Group's 14 th Five Year Plan and the Action Plan for Green Finance, and formulated more aggressive green finance targets in light of market conditions and business developments, including implementing the green and lowcarbon concept to become the preferred bank for green financial services, achieving leapfrog development of green finance business, managing environmental and social risks properly, exploring and progressively reducing carbon footprints of group operations and asset portfolios. Strategies and Policies The Bank has fully integrated the concept of sustainable development into its own development strategies, and contributed positively to the achievement of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. The Bank's green finance has developed rapidly and gained market recognition. In 2023, it won more than ten international and domestic authoritative awards in the field of green sustainability. Green credit The target of new credit support for green industries during the 14 th Five Year Plan period was raised from at least RMB 1 trillion to at least RMB 3 trillion. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically amounted to RMB 3, 106. 7 billion, an increase of 56. 34 from the end of the previous year. Green bonds The target of scaling up investment in green bonds year by year and leading the market in the underwriting of green bonds was proposed. Investment of BOC in green bonds exceeded RMB 100 billion as at the end of 2023. The Bank ranked first in the interbank market by green bonds underwritten both domestically and overseas, and took the first place among Chinese institutions in Bloomberg's global offshore green bond rankings. Therefore, it became the most active Chinese sustainability bond issuer. Customer ESG risks The current management policy on ESG risks associated with customers of the Bank is applicable to corporate banking (including corporate working capital loans and project financing), and runs through the business processes such as risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund appropriation, postlending management, and postinvestment management. Green operations Based on local policy requirements and actual condition, the Bank continuously improved and refined its energy and resource management system, vigorously promoted green and lowcarbon production and lifestyle, actively applied energysaving technologies and utilized green power, and persistently controlled and reduced the total consumption and intensity of various energy resources, taking practical actions to support the implementation of the dual carbon goal. Asset portfolios The Bank explored and researched a methodological system suitable for the carbon accounting of its asset portfolios and finished a trial calculation of carbon footprints for asset portfolios in carbonintensive industries. On the premise of ensuring energy security and industrial chain supply chain stability, it kept reducing the carbon intensity of asset portfolios in a progressive way until they finally became carbon neutral, as a response to the dual carbon goal of the state. Practice by BOC Environmental (climaterelated) policies An overall set of policies With the aim to achieve the dual carbon goal of the state, BOC took the 14 th Five Year Plan for Green Finance as the strategic guide to continuously improve the 1 1 N green finance policy system. 14 th Five Year Plan for Green Finance Policy System 1 1 N Action Plan for Green Finance Introduction of policies related to green finance by domestic branches, major overseas institutions and comprehensive operation companies Business Development Industry Policies Guidelines on Industrial Credit Orientation Asset Portfolio Management Plan for Industries Customer ESG Risks Management Self Performance Add green procurement Label in group procurement projects Credit Policy for the Lithiumion Power Battery Industry Credit Policy for Water and Water Environment Treatment Industry More than 90 industrial policies Credit Policy for Hydropower Industry Credit Policy for Hydropower Industry Credit Policy for Wind Power Equipment Manufacturing Industry Credit Policy for Photovoltaic Power Generation Industry Marketing guidelines for photovoltaic, lithium battery and other industries Development plan for outlets featured with green finance Evaluation methods for green finance demonstration institutions Activity for securing a leading green finance position in industry rankings Set upstaff expenses and honourary awards for green finance Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan Service Programme Working Guidance for Green Finance of Overseas Institutions Strengthening the management of green finance incomprehensive operation companies Guiding Opinions on Further Promoting the Development of Institutions in the Green Financial Reform and Innovation Pilot Zone Strategic Evaluation Plan for Serving Ecological Progress Green Finance Talent Engineering Programme Strengthen the management of green credit contracts Adjustment of credit approval authority for some industries related to green finance Twolist management requirements for environmental and social risks Management Plan for Credits Granted to Industries with High Energy Consumption and High Pollution Risk weight policies for green finance and other businesses Guidelines on the Collateral Management of Pollution Discharge, Energy Use and Water Use Administrative Measures for Mortgage and Pledge of Carbon Emission Permit Customers' environmental (climate), social and governance risk management policies Green operation Green procurement Talent training Specifications for Green Outlet Development Green Action Initiative and Green Action Guidelines System building Operation Procedures for Green Credit Statistics Table Guidelines for Green Industry Classification Labeling requirements for environmental and social risk classification system By far, the Bank has developed a policy support package covering 13 areas such as performance assessment and incentive reinforcement, economic capital optimisation, differentiation of related authorities, and staff cost allocation, establishing four beams and eight columns for its green finance policy system. The Bank formulated a green finance work plan, outlining a comprehensive roadmap covering 15 aspects, including reinforcing toplevel design, optimizing process management, supporting green industries, facilitating the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries, enhancing intelligent management of green finance, serving the construction of the carbon market, promoting green and lowcarbon operations within the Bank, strengthening external exchanges and cooperation, and bolstering capacity building. The Bank established and improved the green finance appraisal mechanism, setup targets for the Head Office departments, domestic branches, overseas branches, and comprehensive operation companies, which covered business development, management of ESG risks associated with customers, and other aspects of work, and added sustainability indicators to the assessment of senior management personnel, such as serving the dual carbon goal, serving inclusive finance, serving the rural revitalization strategy, case risk rate, and market risk control. Such indicators had a combined weight of more than 20, and the appraisal results were linked to the distribution of remuneration.
17 16Industryspecific credit policies Master credit policy of BOC for green finance The Bank formulated the Industryspecific Credit Investment Guidelines of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) and the Industryspecific Asset Portfolio Management Program for Bank of China Limited (Version 2023), in which green and lowcarbon industries such as new energy vehicles, wind power, newtype energy storage, ecological conservation, and environmental governance were put under the active growth category and supporting measures were improved to direct the supply of credit to related industries. In addition, the Bank newly formulated or revised credit policies for related green industries such as environmental governance, wind power equipment, and solar photovoltaic (PV) manufacturing, providing detailed guidance in terms of customer and project access standards, identification and prevention of related risks, credit management strategies, etc. The Bank shall offer support for the enterprises that belong to green industries and those carrying out ecofriendly production and operational activities, conserving biodiversity, protecting employees and their health, conducting sound corporate governance, safeguarding legitimate rights and interests of shareholders, and putting in place a complete set of financial management and risk management mechanisms. On the premise of effective risk prevention, the Bank shall channel resources to the green industries in the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries, a document of the competent authority in China. The Bank shall facilitate the construction of a clean and lowcarbon energy system, support key industries and fields to save energy consumption, reduce pollution, cut carbon emissions, increase the adoption of green operation, and prevent disasters, and implement clean production, and promote the adoption and application of green and lowcarbon technologies. The Bank shall strengthen the combination of green finance and inclusive finance, to support green and inclusive enterprises. The Bank shall actively guide customers and their upstream and downstream industrial chains to regulate their ESG behaviour. While resolutely curbing the blind expansion of energyintensive, highemission, and lowlevel projects, the Bank shall promote the transformation and upgrading of carbonintensive industries, pursue the approach to overall planning, categorised strategies, and differentiated management requirements, and refrain from onesizefitsall solutions and movementstyle carbon reduction attempts. At the same time, the Bank shall optimise the structure of assets allocated to brown industries, promote production capacity replacement, green transition, and technology upgrading, and get resources concentrated in key areas of advanced capacity, low power consumption of output per unit, technology upgrading and transformation, safe, green, intelligent and efficient operation, etc. Supporting ecofriendly industries Tightening the control overbrown industries 1 1 The brown industries mentioned herein are the eight major industries under emission control that have been and will be included in the national carbon market as well as the coal industry. Specifically, the eight industries are the thermal power generation, iron and steel, petrochemical, chemical engineering, nonferrous metals, cement, papermaking, and civil aviation industries. Key industry or field Credit policy Crop seed industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Crop Seed Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Opinions of the State Council on Accelerating the Development of Modern Crop Seed Industry, the Modern Seed Industry Enhancement Program for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of China (MARA), and other policy documents. Customers that trigger severe environmental accidents, face significant environmental and social risks, and fail to comply with quality control, environmental protection, and other policies provisions of the international crop seed industry shall be included in the category of exit. Slaughtering and meat processing industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Slaughtering and Meat Processing Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China adopted by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), the Regulations on the Management of Pig Slaughtering of the State Council, the Guiding Opinions on the Action to Improve the Quality and Safety of Meat Products of the State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR), and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. With respect to environmental risks, special attention shall be paid to the annual environmental ratings of enterprises aswell as records of previous environmental penalties and rectification measures. It shall be cautious about involvement in customers (projects) with great environmental risks. In terms of social risks, focus shall be put on checking whether the slaughtering process complies with norms for humane slaughters and respects religious and folk customs. It is strictly prohibited to provide credit for enterprises that slaughter wild animals and protected animals in violation of the law. The Credit Policy for Electricity Industry of Bank of China Limited (Version 2020) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated in accordance with the Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of Nonwater Renewable Power Generation of the Ministry of Finance, the NDRC, the National Energy Administration (NEA), and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. BOC shall meet the demand of thermal power generation, biomass power generation, and other subsectors for energy conservation and emission reduction technological renovation. The Bank shall pay close attention to the progress in technological renovation of credit projects, closely track the preparation of compliance documents for hydropower projects in terms of river basin conservation, compensation for migrant settlement, etc., and assess the reasonableness and feasibility of the relevant work programs. For the nuclear power, waste power generation, and other projects that require operational expertise, it is important to focus on the operational capability and experience of project owners. It is prohibited to support small thermal power projects, small hydropower projects that do not have the capacity for adjustment, and oilfired power generation projects. When undertaking credit projects, the Bank will focus on whether the environmental impact assessment opinions have been obtained from the environmental authority and the communication between projects and local governments and communities. BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry & fishery Electricity industry
19 18 The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Coal Industry (Version 2022) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (Version 2019) of the NDRC, the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries (Version 2019), the Opinions on Playing the Role of Advanced Capacity in the Process of Eliminating Overcapacity to Transform and Upgrade the Coal Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. BOC shall provide key support to large advanced and efficient coal mines with good product quality, cuttingedge production technology, good safety conditions, and qualified energy conservation and emission reduction. The Bank shall cut the volume of businesses carried out with or even withdraw from the coal enterprises that have small production capacity, weak profitability, and poor production conditions and cannot comply with the national industry policy. It shall accelerate the withdrawal from the coal mines that do not meet environmental protection requirements. It shall adopt strict management and control measures on new coal mining and coal power projects outside China. Starting from the fourth quarter of 2021, it shall no longer provide financing to such projects, except for those already signed, which shall be implemented inaccordance with commercial principles. The Bank shall, together with financial institutions, release the Initiative for Supporting BRI Energy Transition with Green Finance, and continue to strengthen support for green and lowcarbon energy transition in the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) participating countries. Petroleum refining industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Petroleum Refining Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Guiding Opinions of the State Council General Office on Structural Adjustment, Transformation Promotion, and Efficiency Enhancement in Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (Version 2019), the Planning and Deployment Program for the Petrochemical Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. The Bank shall strictly implement the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects with Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019), aswell as pollution dischargerelated policies and systems. Natural gas industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Natural Gas Industry (Version 2022) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Opinions on Accelerating the Utilisation of Natural Gas of the NDRC and other 12 departments, the Opinions on Accelerating the Construction of Gas Storage Facilities and Improving the Marketbased Auxiliary Service Mechanism for Gas Storage and Peak Regulation of the NDRC and the NEA, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. It is required to implement green credit concepts and requirements and strengthen environmental and social risk management. The Bank shall pay adequate attention to the environmental impact of ongoing projects and refrain from supporting projects with significant environmental and social risks hazards. Energy and coal Oil and natural gas Steel and copper industries The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Iron and Steel Industry (Version 2022) and Credit Policy of Bank of China for Copper Industry (Version 2022) are currently adopted at the Bank. They were formulated as per the Guiding Opinions of the State Council on Addressing the Problem of Severe Overcapacity, the Specifications for Iron and Steel Industry (Revision in 2015) of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), the Implementation Measures for Capacity Replacement in the Iron and Steel Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. Support shall be focused on projects in line with capacity replacement, energy consumption reduction, process optimisation, intelligent transformation, green transformation, and ultralow emissions. It is required to gradually withdraw from projects with backward technology and equipment, unqualified products, substandard energy consumption and emissions, and backward production capacity. BOC pays close attention to the impact that its customers cause on the ecosystem in their business activities, strictly complies with the laws, regulations, and rules on the protection of biodiversity, and prohibits the provision of credit support for acts that seriously damage biodiversity. For controversial projects, after making sure their compliance with the laws and regulations in the countries regions where they are located, the Bank will extensively solicit the suggestions of professional assessment agencies, residents, media, and nonprofit environmental protection organisations, among other stakeholders, prudently assess the environmental and social risks and nail down credit strategies, and urge related enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake ecological protection and restoration obligations. BOC incorporates clear biodiversity protection requirements into the credit policies of key industries such as wind power generation, pumped storage, and coal, as part of its efforts to safeguard the boundary of natural ecological protection as well as the national ecological safety. For the enterprises (projects) that are found to go against national policies and regulatory requirements, fail to meet environmental protection standards, and have significant environmental and climate risks; destroy critical habitats, important biodiversity areas and national nature reserves; illegally log, fish, and poach wildlife; blindly expand oil palm plantations leading to deforestation; and illegally occupy and destroy forest lands, the Bank requires not providing credit or investment support for these corporate customers; as to the existing business relations, it shall urge related customers to make rectifications and take effective measures to mitigate risks; and if rectifications are impossible, it shall exit from the projects with such customers as soon as possible. As a copublisher of the Common Action Plan for Banking Sector to Support Biodiversity Conservation, the Bank shall continuously step up the financial support for biodiversity undertakings. BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields To ensure the binding nature of the credit policies for key industries or fields, the Bank shall specify customers' ESG risk management requirements in related contracts, set rigid limits for the industries with overcapacity such as iron and steel and cement, carry out listbased management, and strengthen authorisation management. Meanwhile, it shall strictly examine project documents of projects in the industries featuring heavy pollution, high energy consumption, and overcapacity with respect to approval and filing, environmental assessment, and energysaving review, among other aspects and refrain from providing credit support to projects that do not meet the requirements for controlling the intensity and total volume of energy consumption, projects that are constructed prior to approval, or projects without any energy consumption quota or environmental capacity. Biodiversity Mining and metallurgy Key industry or field Key industry or field Credit policy Credit policy
21 20 Managing ESG Risks Associated with Customers As global climate change intensifies, the prevention of nontraditional financial risks, such as ESG risks, has become akey issue of concern for banking financial institutions. BOC proactively identifies climaterelated risks and opportunities, and made every effort to build anew system of green finance and makes the management of ESG risks associated with customers akey task in serving the dual carbon goal and implementing and developing green finance, so as to better manage such risks. Climaterelated risks and opportunities Climaterelated risks Taking for reference the definition and classification of climate risks by the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for Greening the Financial System (NGFS), the Bank, from the perspectives of physical risk and transition risk, identified and analysed the shortterm, mediumterm, and longterm impacts of climate risk on its credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk, country risk, and other major risks. Risk Type Risk Type Impact Timeframe Impact Timeframe Examples of environmental (climate) risks Examples of environmental (climate) risks Credit risk Market risk Medium to longterm Shortterm and medium to longterm Physical risks Extreme weather events damaging assets held by the Bank's clients, leading to the destruction or devaluation of collateral, or affecting supply chains, thereby impacting clients' operations, profitability, and survival, resulting in increased default rates. Transition risks Carbon reduction policies affecting the profitability of carbonintensive corporate clients, with related assets potentially becoming stranded. Liquidity risk Medium to longterm Physical risks Extreme weather events may cause extensive damage to physical properties, resulting in substantial construction and repair costs, leading to a surge in customer fund withdrawals and demand for emergency loans, exacerbating the Bank's liquidity pressures. Transition risks With increasing environmental awareness, depositors and investors will strengthen their support for green finance businesses, affecting the funding sources of other financial businesses. Operational risk Mediumterm Physical risks Extreme weather events negatively impacting the Bank's infrastructure, systems, processes, and staff, disrupting business continuity. Transition risks Inadequate internal procedures and systems to address climate change can lead to losses. Reputation risk Shortterm to medium to longterm Physical risks Providing financial support to clients and projects that harm habitats and biodiversity may expose the Bank to reputation risks. Transition risks Continuously financing highpollution, highenergy consumption, highemission enterprises or significantly increasing holdings of carbonintensive assets may result in reputation risks for the Bank. Country risk Medium to longterm Physical risks Rising sea levels causing adverse effects on coastal countries' infrastructure and economy. Transition risks Countries relying on traditional highcarbon development models will face impacts and challenges in transitioning to green and lowcarbon development models. Information Technology Risk Shortterm to medium to longterm Physical risks Extreme weather events negatively affecting the Bank's equipment and systems, potentially causing system failures, data loss, or damage, resulting in financial or reputational losses. Transition risks Significant changes in customer business operations due to the lowcarbon transition may render the Bank's existing information technology inadequate to meet new demands, resulting in financial losses. Physical risks Extreme weather events may damage national infrastructure, weaken economic growth and employment, lead to credit rating downgrades, thereby impacting the value of assets held on the Bank's balance sheet. Transition risks Carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goal will trigger a shift in investor preferences, reducing expected returns of carbonintensive assets, posing risks of valuation decline and increased investor volatility for the Bank. Shortterm to medium to longterm.
The regime of managing ESG risks associated with customers The Bank has established a customer ESG risk governance architecture that is appropriate to its business scale and attributes, and defined ESG risk management responsibilities within the architecture. Assuming the ultimate responsibility for the comprehensive risk management, including the management of ESG risks associated with customers. Assuming the implementation responsibility for the management of ESG risks associated with customers and executing the resolutions of the Board of Directors. The Chief Risk Officer acts as the Chair of the Green Finance Committee, and is responsible for managing ESG risks associated with customers. Independent from operation and business lines, the Chief Risk Officer can directly report to the Board of Directors updates about comprehensive risk management. Board of Directors Senior Management Professional teams Business departments (the first line of defence) They are responsible for implementing the policies and processes related to the management of ESG risks associated with customers. They shall accurately categorise, identify, measure, assess, monitor, control, and properly manage and address ESG risks associated with customers, and adequately identify and assess ESG risks associated with new products or businesses. They are responsible for developing ESG risk management policies and processes. They shall provide guidance for, give training to, monitor, and inspect the work done by the first line of defence, while transmitting ESG risk appetite effectively. They are responsible for organising and conducting internal audits of green finance ona regular basis. Risk management departments (the second line of defence)Audit departments (the third line of defence) At this stage, banking financial institutions face significant transition risk. While the Chinese economy and society go green, related enterprises in traditional industries will see their financial position change to different degrees. In the process, their solvency will be impacted. There may be a rise in the default rate, which will inturn impact the asset quality of banks. At a time when the world is active in addressing climate change and China has announced the dual carbon goal, the ongoing industrial restructuring and upgrading drive has presented both challenges and opportunities for the banking industry. Climaterelated opportunities A growing climate conducive to green finance worldwide Green finance has become a common discourse worldwide. The exchange and cooperation in green finance have become key drivers for the global development of the Group. Considerable policy dividends for green finance in China From the central to local governments, multilevel and diversified green finance policy systems promote the vigorous development of green finance business in commercial banks. Huge development potential in green industries The green industries are presented with new opportunities, triggering a wave of green upgrades in traditional industries. Abundant opportunities in the field of carbon finance China's carbon emission trading market is poised to expand under the zerocarbon vision. Deep involvement of banks in the carbon finance field can effectively promote revenue growth. 23 22
25 24 In 2023, the Bank revised the Comprehensive Risk Management Policy of the Bank of China Limited, updating environmental and social risks as environmental (climate), social, and governance risks, and including Customer ESG risks in its comprehensive risk management regime. The qualitative statement about ESG risk appetite was also updated in the risk appetite statement Customer ESG risks. The Management Policy on Environmental (Climate), Social, and Governance Risks Associated with Customers of Bank of China is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated according to regulatory requirements and the Group's 14 th fiveyear plan for green finance, and with reference to the guidelines regarding climaterelated financial risk management and sustainability performance standards, including those released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, International Finance Corporation, and the Equator Principles. Approved by the Green Finance Committee, the policy is applicable to corporate banking (including corporate working capital loans and project financing) and investment, and runs through the business processes such as risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund appropriation, postlending management, and postinvestment management. Besides, the Bank has included requirements related to environment protection in due diligence on investment banking business. The Bank has included binding requirements for environmental and social risk management in more than 90 industry credit policies, which involve agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery, mining and metallurgy, oil, gas and chemical engineering, construction and real estate, and transportation and logistics. It has also specified requirements for biodiversity conservation in credit policies for key industries like wind power generation, pumpedstorage hydropower, and coal. The wholeprocess management of ESG risks associated with customers The Bank has established a wholeprocess management approach that could cover risk identification, measurement, assessment, monitoring and reporting, and control and mitigation to control and reduce ESG risks associated with customers. BOC categorises customers into three categories, that is, A, Band C, given many factors such as their potential environmental (climate) and social risks, industries to which they belong, and their stage of development, labels them in related business management systems, and takes more stringent assessment and review measures for highrisk customers. The categorisation results are reexamined periodically. Incase of unexpected events that cause changes to the categorisation results, updates are made to the relevant systems in a timely manner. Risk identification The Bank conducted bankwise stress testing under the macro scenarios of climate risk. The stress tests were designed to examine the impact of various factors including temperature rise and carbon emission prices, on the change in credit risk associated with corporate loans across the Bank. Risk measurement In 2023, overseas branches institutions of the Bank did work related to climate risk stress testing. They analysed the impact of physical risk caused by extreme climate conditions such as floods, typhoons, and sea level rise on key industries, with testing results indicating that relevant risks were manageable overall. BOCHK In accordance with the latest requirements of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority in the Guidelines for Banking Sector Climate Risk Stress Test in 2023, it optimized the climate risk stress testing method and finished the shortterm scenario climate risk stress testing as per regulatory requirements to assess financial impact of transition risk and physical risk on the banks.. BOC (UK) It actively advanced work related to climate risk stress testing to assess potential financial impacts of transition risk and physical risk under stress scenarios. Singapore Branch and Paris Branch They completed the climate risk stress test for the electricity industry. Based on the global stress scenarios provided by the NGFS, they devised transmission paths for transition risk and physical risk, and comprehensively assessed the impact of climate risk on the business and credit risk of the electricity industry in terms of regulatory policies and regulations, movements of carbon price, changes in market demand, changes in the cost of major raw materials, technological replacement, and losses due to climate disasters, among other aspects. Conducting climate risk stress tests to analyse and manage climate risk in a sciencebased manner The Bank explored and researched the methodological system suitable for the carbon accounting of its asset portfolios, and finished the pilot calculation of carbon footprints of the asset portfolios in carbonintensive industries. Taking reference to the Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry released by Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and the Guide on the Carbon Accounting Technology for Financial Institutions (Provisional) released by the PBOC, the Bank conducted trial accounting of carbon emissions from the corporate loans in three major carbonintensive industries, including thermal power generation, iron & steel, and building materials.
27 26 BOC manages and assesses its ESG risks of customers and their projects in a categorybased manner from 13 dimensions given the characteristics of the industries and regions to which they belong. Risk assessment In addition, other key elements in the assessment of ESG risks associated with customers and their projects include community health and safety, land acquisition and involuntary relocation, respect for cultures and customs of indigenous peoples and ethnic, cultural heritage protection, explosives and chemicals management, ESG risk management among supply chain, organizational framework and operational management, and financial management and risk management. Specific assessment standards Key elements under mandatory inspection in the assessment of ESG risks associated with customers (1) whether a management system is in place to prevent ESG risks; (2) whether management personnel are in place to prevent environmental ESG risks; (3) whether there is a strong awareness of preventing ESG risks; etc. Assessment and management system of ESG risks associated with customers and their projects (1) whether workers are treated fairly and provided with equal opportunities; (2) whether workers are provided with a safe and healthy work environment or appropriate safeguards; (3) whether employment and labour laws of the countries where projects are located are complied with; (4) whether there is a grievance mechanism for workers (and their organisations, where they exist) to raise workplace concerns; etc. Labour and working conditions (1) whether customers projects have formulated strategic plans or management policies concerning the green and lowcarbon transition; (2) whether customers projects carry out carbon emission accounting; (3) whether customers projects intensify their energy and resource management to gradually reduce the carbon emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2; (4) whether customers projects pay enough attention to the carbon footprints of enterprises along supply chains to gradually reduce the carbon emissions in Scope 3. Carbon footprint management (1) whether customers projects, as a matter of priority, seek to avoid impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem services; (2) when avoidance of impacts is not possible, whether customers projects adopt measures to minimise impacts and restore biodiversity and ecosystem services; (3) given the complexity in predicting project impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem services over the long term, whether customers projects adopt a practice of adaptive management in which the implementation of mitigation and management measures are responsive to changing conditions and the results of monitoring throughout the project lifecycle. Biodiversity conservation and sustainable natural resource management Pollution prevention and control(1) whether customers projects have committed environmental violations and whether they have been rectified and passed acceptance examinations of the competent management authorities; (2) whether customers projects avoid the release of pollutants or, when avoidance is not feasible, minimise or control the intensity and mass flow of their release; (3) whether customers projects avoid the generation of hazardous or nonhazardous waste materials or, when wastage generation cannot be avoided, reduce the generation of waste, and recover and reuse in a way that is safe for human health and the environment (climate); etc. Due diligence and risk assessment Credit business The Bank required the customer relations departments to carry out due diligence on the ESG risks of customers (projects), make clear the key elements of due diligence based on the characteristics of the industries and regions where the customers or projects were located, analyse and assess relevant risks in business launch reports and related business management systems, and carry out compliance risk reviews. For the customers (projects) that may have potential and significant impact on social stability and public interests, such as nuclear power projects, waste incineration projects in densely populated areas, and large hydroelectric projects, the Bank required the customer relations departments to fully evaluate relevant risks, and promptly withdraw from the customers (projects) if no due diligence had been conducted on their Customer ESG risks. Bond underwriting business The Bank required customers (projects) tobe strictly reviewed for Customer ESG risks in the processes of customer or project selection, business access, etc. For the carbonintensive industries, such as coal and thermal power generation, the Bank made ESG riskrelated factors, including environmental protection improvement and governance efforts, environmental impact reports, and energy conservation evaluation reports of customers, an important part of due diligence at the stage of business access. Due diligence
29 28 Risk monitoring and reporting Risk control and mitigation The Bank intensified monitoring of ESG risks associated with customers, issued internal risk prompts or early warnings for the customers (projects) located in the industries or regions identified by national environmental protection or work safety authorities as key ones for rectification of illegal practices, tracked and monitored relevant risk events throughout the process, and adjusted risk levels and disposal measures as appropriate based on actual conditions. The Bank continued to improve the customers' ESG risk emergency response measures and reporting mechanism, categorised sudden ESG risk events into four levels, i. e. average, big, significant, and particularly significant, and required institutions where the events took place to initiate the plan right after the events, address the events legally, scientifically, efficiently, and properly, and report the events in a timely, objective, true and compressive manner based on the principle of leveled response. ESG risks associated with customers were fully investigated, monitored, and reported in a timely manner. The Bank took risk management moves including key business strategies, differentiated authorities and processes, and listbased management, to actively control and ease the customers' ESG risks. In credit strategies, the Bank defined risk levels including active support, prudent credit granting or investment, and no credit granting or investment based on the environmental protection ratings of customers, and linked environmental protection ratings with credit ratings. In line with the implementation of the green finance development strategy and the adherence to the green lending concept, the Bank strengthened environmental (climate) and social risk management and reexamined the differentiated credit authorization delegation schemes across BOC. For industries with high Customer ESG risks, such as iron & steel, cement, electrolytic aluminium, and coal chemical, it was further clearly stipulated that incompliance with certain conditions, credit applications shall be submitted to the Head Office for approval. For green industries in the active growth category to which more credit would be extended, authorisation delegation shall be expanded. The Bank exercised listbased management for customers involving higher Customer ESG risks, differentiating management of members on the list, and urging customers to take measures to alleviate Customer ESG risks, such as formulating and implementing risk response plans and smoothening the complaint channels for stakeholders. The Bank continued to improve the intelligent management of green finance. Phase II of the green finance management system was put into operation, enabling intelligent categorisation of ESG risks associated with customers and export of customer lists, dynamically monitoring customers' environmental protection information like ratings and punishments, and supporting intelligent forewarning, regular evaluation, and wholeprocess control of ESG risks associated with customers. Circumstances in which the Bank will provide active support Circumstances in which the Bank will be cautious about providing credit or investment support Circumstances in which the Bank shall not provide credit or investment support The Bank will actively channel resources into the green industries on the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries, which engage in energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructures, and green services. It will actively serve the green and lowcarbon implementation of the BRI. Enterprises whose environmental credit rating has a colour code of yellow. Enterprises that are above the industry average in pollutant emissions or energy consumption and have no technological adaption plans. Enterprises that may have a significant adverse impact on the health or living environment of indigenous people and ethnic minorities, or that may trigger severe conflicts over resources or land and have not developed effective mitigation measures. Enterprises that seriously infringe on the rights of shareholders of small and medium enterprises and that are severely short of financial management and risk management mechanisms and have no plan to rectify the situation. Enterprises that fail to pass national environmental impact assessment, whose environmental protection credit rating is red or black, that are put on the black list for illegal environmental practices, that destroy key habitats, important biodiversity areas or national natural reserves, or that illegally log, fish, poach wildlife, cause deforestation through the excessive expansion of oil palm plantations, or illegally occupy and destroy forest lands. Existing businesses that involve any of the said circumstances shall be urged to rectify the problems and those that cannot rectify shall exit as soon as possible. Key business strategies Differentiated authority and processes Listbased management Digitising the management of ESG risks associated with customers BOC Shanghai Branch developed a model specialising in environmental climate evaluation. Capable of measuring an enterprise's environmental friendliness, potential for lowcarbon development, and resilience to climate change with 60 indicators, the model could assess the enterprise's risks in relation to environmental and climate performance and sustainability comprehensively and dynamically, in an effort to effectively empower all aspects of the credit management process. Developing a model specialising in environmental climate evaluation to strengthen climate risk prevention capabilities Environmental (Climate) Risk Evaluation Indicators... Environmental profiling factors Green industries Pollution discharge security permit Energy consumption intensity and efficiency Green certification Pollution monitoring and governance Environmental input Environmental violation Environmental credit Green insurance Climate carbon efficiency factors Climate risk transition risk and physical risk Climate opportunities Climate governance Climate resilience factors Carbon emission intensity and efficiency Optimisation of green asset structure Resource utilisation efficiency
31 30 BOC Zhejiang Branch explored the establishment of a transition finance management system to standardise the objectives, paths, progress, and information disclosure of entities in transition. The system could provide a centralised view of the geographical industry distribution of carbonintensive enterprises as a percentage of all enterprises in Zhejiang Province, aswell as data of the performance of key customers in transition, such as the carbon efficiency level, carbon emission volume, and carbon emission intensity of enterprises, thus visualising the transition process of carbonintensive enterprises. The system has two modules, namely, the transition tracking module and the enterprise tracking module. The transition tracking module is used to record the pilot transition finance projects, and the enterprise tracking module could automatically verify and disclose key performance indicators (KPIs) during the loan duration, such as transition progress, carbon emission data, and corporate governance information. The data in the system can be used to carry out postlending management of customers and decide preferential terms and drawdown ratios in loan contracts considering the progress of enterprises in transition. The transition finance management system was created to follow the transition process conveniently Indicators and Targets With becoming the preferred bank of green financial services as a goal, BOC improved its green finance products and services. While increasing its support for green industries such as clean energy and paying particular attention to the financial needs of traditional industries during their green transition and upgrading, the Bank continued to build the BOC Green global brand by launching dozens of green finance products and services in five categories, covering deposit, loans, bonds, consumption, and integrated services, to actively support the green and lowcarbon transition of the Chinese economy and society. Target during the 14 th Fiveyear Plan period Status of completion in 2023 New credit support for green industries will be at least RMB 3 trillion. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically reached RMB 3, 106. 7 billion, which included new credit of RMB 1, 119. 5 billion and represented an increase of RMB 2, 209. 9 billion from the end of the 13 th Five Year Plan period. The balance of credit finance will goup year by year. Yearonyear growth of 56. 34 BOC will maintain sound asset quality. Nonperforming ratio of green credit remained below 0. 5, which was lower than the overall NPL ratio of the Group. Green bond investments will goup year by year. The Bank will lead the market by the green bond underwriting capacity. Investments in green bonds expanded in size continuously. Investment of BOC in green bonds exceeded RMB 100 billion as at the end of 2023. The Bank ranked first in the interbank market by green bonds underwritten both domestically and overseas, and took the first place among Chinese institutions in Bloomberg's global offshore green bond rankings. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. There was no financing for new coal mining projects or new coal power projects overseas.
33 32 Green investment and financing BOC Green financial product and service Green loans The Bank made efforts to support green industries and projects, gave priority to approving green, lowcarbon, or ecofriendly customers, and promoted fast growth of green credit. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically was equivalent to RMB 3, 106. 7 billion, representing a yearonyear increase of 56. 34. In 2023, BOC Shanghai Branch arranged a sustainabilitylinked syndicated loan worth RMB 1. 5 billion for COSCO Shipping Energy Transportation Company Limited (COSCO Shipping) as the first of its kind in China's shipping industry. Relying on the strategic plan of COSCO Shipping for sustainable development, the branch selected appropriate environmental and social KPIs, examined the progress the company had made toward its sustainable development targets in the past two years, and assisted the company in making energy transportation by ships a green and harmless process and in holding work safety management to high standards. BOC, as a global colead bank, contracted a 1 GW wind power project located in Bash and Zankeldi, Bukhara, Uzbekistan. It is the largest standalone wind power project in Central Asia and an important project planned by the Uzbek government for the benefit of the people. Upon completion, it could provide 3. 5 billion k Wh of electricity to the local power grid every year, reduce carbon emissions by 1. 6 million tonnes, and create about 500 jobs in the local community. BOC Sydney Branch, as the sustainability coordinator, launched an innovative sustainabilitylinked loan that contained biodiversity conservation indicators to support the sustainable development of the Macquarie University campus in Australia. Serving as the exclusive lead arranger for the first sustainabilitylinked loanin China's shipping industry Highlights of globalisation practices BOC Zhejiang Branch participates in the syndicated loan for the Dongtou Bay Sea Garden for Common Wealth ecologyoriented development (EOD) project, China's first comprehensive marine environment governance project, to support the environmental improvement in the nearshore sea areas and the ecological restoration in islands and surrounding waters. The Bank provides enterprises with green financing support Green loans Green inclusive finance Green credit granted by rural banks Green fixed asset loans Green loans and sustainabilitylinked loans aligned with international codes Carbon emission quota pledge financing Green equity backed loans Renewable energy subsidy authentic right loans Green factoring Green bond investment Green trade finance Green bond investment Frontend green project loans Green M&A loans Featured green and inclusive credit Green deposits ESG funds green funds Green financethemed wealth management products Cash management of green enterprises Green liquidity management Green asset management The Bank supports personal customers in leading a green and lowcarbon life Personal green housing loans Creditbased personal installment loans for new energy vehicles Personal green themed credit card Personal green business loans Green personal consumer credit Green personal business loans The Bank supports customers through integrated green financial services Green bond underwriting Green bond underwriting Green ABS Green stock underwriting Underwriting of stocks of green enterprises Green equity investment Green financial leasing Risk security insurance for green industries Carbon market settlement BOC Ecommerce Connect Risk security insurance for environmental pollution Security insurance for green transport Green financial consulting Green index Carbon transaction deposit custody Energyefficient aircraft leasing Green equity investment Green leasing Green insurance Green carbon market Green consulting and analysis The Bank actively responds to investors' demands for green development Issuance of green blue bonds Green custody Green capital market sales Issuance of sustainabilitylinked bonds Green bond issuance Green custody Green capital market sales The Bank assists customers in managing green liquidity and green assets
35 34 Green bonds The Bank developed the Sustainability Bond Management Statement (Version 2023) inaccordance with the latest principles related to sustainability bonds published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). Meanwhile, it refined the Transition Bond Management Statement in accordance with the Common Ground Taxonomy for Sustainable Finance of the International Platform on Sustainable Finance (IPSF), the European Union Taxonomy for Sustainable Activities, and the industry recognition standards of the Climate Bonds Initiative. As the sole lead underwriter, the Bank assisted Fujian Energy Group Co., Ltd. in issuing the second tranche of ultrashortterm financing bonds (carbon assets) in 2023, which is the first carbon asset bond linked to the local carbon market and the first carbon assetbased bond issued by an enterprise qualified for issuing debt financing instruments (DFIs) in China. Therefore, it is of great significance for the companies in Fujian to explore the use of financial instruments to move toward the dual carbon goal. Underwriting China's first nonfinancial enterprise debt financing instrument linked to local carbon market transactions BOC Sydney Branch issued the world's first USD 300 million sustainabilitylinked loanbacked bond and the first sustainabilitylinked loanbacked bond in the Asia Pacific region with the independent secondparty opinion from an international ESG assessment agency. Highlights of globalisation practices Green inclusive finance To promote the integrated development of green finance, inclusive finance, and technology finance, the Bank increased support for the green development of inclusive finance customer groups such as agriculturalrelated enterprises and small and micro manufacturing enterprises. By the end of 2023, the Bank's green and inclusive finance loan balance was RMB 16. 737 billion, registering a growth rate of 41. 69 in the year. Green consumption The Bank innovated green finance products from the consumption side, guided or encouraged consumers to increase lowcarbon behaviour and choose green products, and promoted the green and lowcarbon transition of personal spending. As at the end of 2023, the Bank sold on an agency basis 49 green finance products such as ESG Premium. The outstanding products had a size of RMB 47, 517 million. Wealth management products on the theme of green finance As at the end of 2023, the Bank sold on an agency basis 50 green financethemed mutual funds in aggregate, with an outstanding size of RMB 10, 081 million. These funds were invested in a wide range of green industries such as ecological conservation, lowcarbon transition, new energy, and new materials. Mutual fund products on the theme of green finance Debit cards Green, lowcarbon debit cards were issued on a pilot basis for the first time in places including Qinghai. BOC Qinghai Branch used these debit cards and the green account privilege platform of the mobile banking app to build an account privilege service system. Combining the upgrading of green industries with the upgrading of green spending, the system could encourage the public to adopt a green and lowcarbon lifestyle in their daily life and extended scenarios. As at the end of 2023, about 480, 000 people were attracted to live a green and lowcarbon life. Credit cards Green, lowcarbon credit cards were upgraded. The 12-34 Green Travel campaign (1 penny for one shared bike ride, 80 off bus fare, 70 off metro fare, and 60 off highspeed rail fare) to persuade new citizens into traveling green. Green, lowcarbon bank cards New energy vehicle (NEV) instalment loans The Bank introduced a diversity of zerointerest loans, lowinterest loans, and flexible repayment plans with low monthly instalments in cooperation with carmakers, to reduce financial costs of car buyers. Meanwhile, it strengthened the coordinated support throughout the whole process from instore acquiring to approval and disbursement of loans, thus opening up an efficient, green business channel. As at the end of 2023, the outstanding balance of New Energy Vehicle installment loan receivables reached RMB 34, 464 million, representing a 105. 06 increase compared to the beginning of the year. Green home appliance loans In response to the green home appliance subsidy policies of local governments, BOC launched the Green Home Appliance Instalment Loan activity, in which it cooperated with more than 8, 000 stores of many largescale home appliance sales chains across China. Green consumption services In February 2023, the Bank acted as the exclusive lead underwriter and bookrunner to help XCMG New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd. in Xuzhou issue the first tranche of green, private assetbacked notes in 2023, with an issuance amount of RMB 597 million and a term of three years. While assisting the issuer to make its debut in the debt capital market, the Bank landed the first green bond in the field of new energy commercial vehicles in China. The proceeds would be used to support the issuer in manufacturing new energy commercial vehicles, in an effort to facilitate energy conservation and emission reduction. Supporting an NEV manufacturer to issue green assetbacked securitisation products
Green integrated services Focused on the requirements of national strategies for economic restructuring and industrial development, BOC gave full play to its advantages in integrated operation and used various financial instruments such as equity, bond, investment, funds and asset management to provide green industries with a variety of financial services. (Note The data are available as at the end of 2023. In March 2023, BOC Hong Kong Greater Bay Area Climate Transition ETF was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. This ETF is the first of its kind in the Hong Kong market, focusing on climate transition and investing in the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area Index. It aims to assist investors in capturing the economic growth opportunities arising from the climate transition in the Greater Bay Area. Listing of BOC Hong Kong Greater Bay Area Climate Transition ETFGreen operations The Bank advocated the concept of green operations. Based on local policy requirements and actual condition, the Bank continuously improved and refined its energy and resource management system, vigorously promoted green and lowcarbon production and lifestyle, actively applied energysaving technologies and utilized green power, and persistently controlled and reduced the total consumption and intensity of various energy resources, taking practical actions to support the implementation of the dual carbon goal. The Bank didn't receive any punishment for violation of environmental laws and regulations in 2023. In 2023, the Bank made an inventory of environmental information available across the Group, including GHG emissions, water, paper, waste, and green buildings. Results of the inventory show that compared with 2019, the total energy consumption across the Group in 2023 fell by 2. 18, and direct GHG emissions dropped by 4. 49. 37 36 BOC Guangdong Branch sets up in Zhuhai the first financial institution in the banking sector of Guangdong Province, which is Carbon Neutral and LEED Gold certified. 37 36 Green asset management products Green insurance products Green leasing products Green bonds Green investment productsBOC Wealth Management continued 17 green finance themed products, with the cumulative product volume of about RMB 51, 371 million. BOCIM developed green and ESG mutual fund products under the three categories of lowcarbon and green development concept funds, social responsibility funds, and ESG concept themed funds, managing funds of around RMB 3, 214 million. (Calculated with reference to the ESG fund rating system of CITIC Securities) BOCG Insurance developed 109 green financethemed insurance products, in 2023 assuming insurance liabilities of RMB 272. 2 billion cumulatively. The balance of green assets under the management of BOC Financial Leasing was RMB 24, 011 million, accounting for 43. 79 of its total outstanding leasing assets. BOC Aviation ranked first place among the aircraft leasing companies in Asia as measured by the value of selfowned aircraft, and possessed new aircraft using the latest green technology. BOCI underwrote 11 green and sustainability bonds for 2023, with the underwriting amount exceeding USD 4. 215 billion in equivalent. BOC Securities underwrote a total of RMB 30, 175 million through green bond issuance. Green finance projects of BOC Asset Investment made proprietary investments of RMB 33, 539 million, accounting for 42. 54. BOCSamsung Life had outstanding green finance investments worth RMB 4, 247 million, which included debt investment schemes, equity funds, bonds, and equities.
39 38 The operating efficiency of existing equipment was improved through proper cleaning and maintenance. The water pumps, airconditioners, and other facilities that were unworthy of maintenance after their operating efficiency declined were replaced with energysaving alternatives. The sanitary wares in the Head Office buildings were gradually replaced with new watersaving products. Based on factors such as weather conditions and the number of office staff, the operation plan for air conditioners was optimised. Utilizing the newly installed refrigeration unit inverters, reasonable operating parameters were set to reduce the operating load of air conditioning systems. Offices went paperless by making full use of teleconferencing and videoconferencing systems to reduce conference travel emissions. A total of 2, 844 video conferences were held by the Head Office and facilities in Beijing throughout the year. The Head Office established consumption standards, quantitative control targets, and postevaluation mechanisms for resources such as electricity and water. Energysaving training courses were provided for energy management personnel, energysaving posters and slogans were posted at busy places such as entrances of office buildings, lifts, cafeterias, and bathrooms, and continued efforts were made to disseminate national policies on energy conservationand emission reduction policies as well as knowledge of the use of energy and other resources. In strict accordance with the Evaluation Standards for Green Buildings, BOC took building energy conservation as an important reference for its construction, purchase, and leasing of offices. Priority was given to energy conservation in the entire process including the approval, design, tendering, construction, and use of office building projects. As a result, the energy efficiency of the Bank's office buildings reached a nationally advanced level. Energysaving technology was adopted more extensively. Energysaving renovation projects such as energysaving renovation of lighting, chiller repair, and replacement with new energy vehicles were carried out in the main office buildings of domestic institutions. Green buildings Running a green office The upgraded BOCe Procurement platform was promoted across the Group, which supported a host of functions such as ecommerce procurement, intelligent reimbursement & accounting, and supplier management, making procurement management an automated, refined, digital, and intelligent process faster. The concept of green procurement was integrated into the procurement management policies. A green procurement logo was added to the centrally procured equipment. Energysaving, watersaving, ecofriendly, recyclable, lowcarbon, renewable, organic, and other factors were considered in nailing down procurement demands with reference to national standards, industry standards, and government procurement requirements setout in the catalogues of ecofriendly and energysaving products, products up to environmental standards, green products, etc. Green procurement BOC (Macao) creates an ecofriendly business premise, by highlighting natural lighting and ventilation at the stage of spatial design, adopting energysaving and ecofriendly products such as LED lighting systems, sensorcontrolled devices, and renewable building materials, and increasing the area of greenery. In 2023, all the newly built or decorated outlets met the basic standards for green construction. At the same time, further progress was made in building model outlets for green construction on a pilot basis. As at the end of 2023, 28 model outlets for green construction were built, four of which passed external certification for green construction and carbon neutrality in operations. Green outlets Taking advantage of the low ambient temperature of the local region, the Inner Mongolia Park Data Centre adopted the indirect evaporative cooling technology, which could exchange the hot air in the server room with the natural source of cold air when the outdoor temperature was low to achieve the cooling effect, with the PUE value at 1. 18. Leveraging the abundant water resources in the city, the Hefei Park Data Centre adopted the technology of chilled water cooling system, which could make use of water evaporation and natural cold sources to cool the server room, and rely on the technology of residual heat recovery to recover large amounts of heat generated by the server room for heating the office area, with the PUE value at 1. 23. Green data centres
41 40 Green Finance Capacity Building The Bank further built its green finance capacity to lay a solid foundation for accelerating the leapfrog development of green finance and properly managing climate risks. Advancing green cooperation among multiple parties Green Cooperation The Bank got actively involved in global green governance, intensified international exchanges and practical cooperation, and contributed wise solutions for the global response to climate change. Undertaking climate risk management and disclosure under the PRB framework and participating in relevant communication activities organised by the PRB. As the only commercial bank, launching the Green Development Investment and Financing Partnership and the Beijing Initiative for BRI Green Development with Chinese and foreign partners. Getting various aspects of work related to the GIPs done properly, performing the duties assigned to the cochair of the GIP Working Group for Transition Finance, and winning the Product Innovation Award from GIP. Getting actively involved in the work of the ChinaUK Green Finance Group to promote the cooperation of the two sides in this regard. Getting actively involved in seminars and exchanges on information disclosure. Being reelected as the vice chair of the SMI China Council and taking an active part in the cooperation and communication between Chinese and British enterprises on sustainable development. United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (UN PRB) Green Development Investment and Financing Partnership Beijing Initiative for BRI Green Development ChinaUK Green Finance Group Working Group for Sustainability Information Disclosure by UKChina Financial Institutions Green Investment Principles (GIPs) for the Belt and Road Initiative The Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) In December 2023, Green Finance and Climate Change Response The Role of and Opportunities for China's Banking Sector was held as aside event at the 28 th Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 28). Coorganised exclusively by BOC Dubai Branch, the event focused on the current objectives of and requirements for the development of green finance, provided a centralised view of what China's banking industry did and achieved in supporting the dual carbon strategy and responding to climate change. Liu Jiandong, Chief Risk Director of the Bank, delivered a speech via video link. The UAE Corporate Sustainability Report, compiled by BOC Dubai Branch in cooperation with the United Arab Emirates University (UAEU), was released at the side event for the first time as the only selected research result. Focusing on the ESG practices of local enterprises in the UAE, the report tried to explore a roadmap for sustainable development. It is the first corporate sustainability report (white paper) in the UAE and also the first indepth research cooperation between Chinese financial institutions in the UAE and local higher education institutions. The Bank actively built an online training regime for green finance personnel, offering around 100 courses on eight themes, which registered over one million views. Offline training courses at different levels were organized for customer lines, risk lines and operation lines. The Bank held competitions on innovative green finance products, performance competitions, and labour competitions, carried out a series of activities to select and commend individuals and groups with outstanding achievements in green finance, and took various measures to motivate employees to improve their skills and performance in green finance business. To enhance the competitiveness of domestic institutions in the field of green finance, the Bank selected 20 tier 1 branches and tier 2 branches as demonstration institutions of green finance in the year, and constructed 310 green finance outlets cumulatively. The Green Action Initiative for Employees of Bank of China Limited and the Green Action Guide for Employees of Bank of China Limited were implemented to develop and raise the awareness of green development among staff members. The Research Report on Green Finance Practices under the Belt and Road Initiative was published, which was included in the list of outcomes of the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation. The Bank made efforts to compile publications on green finance, ESG, and other themes to communicate and exchange views on the latest industry developments. Green Finance and Climate Response Side Event at the COP 28 Fostering green development capabilities among all employees Building a green finance workforce In 2023, the Bank made active progress in establishing a green finance personnel training system for the 14 th Five Year Plan period, which could cover 10, 000 persons at three levels and in six areas. It completed searching and selecting the first batch of green finance talents at various levels, so as to make headway in green finance team building. (Note The data above are available as at the end of 2023.)
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Social Chapter 43 42 BOC stayed in sync with the latest requirements of the country and the times, firmly upheld the concept of serving the country and the people with finance, proactively integrated into and served the formation of anew development pattern, to provide higherquality financial services as needed by economic and social development. With the fundamental mission of providing financial services to the real economy, the Bank got the channels for funds to enter the real economy unimpeded, with financial products and services accessible to the vast number of business entities. Guided by the peoplecentred values, it took the desire of the people for a better life as its goal and shared the dividends of financial development with the general public. Staying True to Original Aspirations Opening a New Chapter of Serving the Nation and the People
45 44 Serving Higherquality Development of the Chinese Economy and Society Focusing on major strategies, key areas, and weak links and relying on its globalisation and integration advantages, BOC optimised the allocation of resources, improved the quality and efficiency of financial services, and acted as a socially responsible major stateowned bank in providing quality financial services as needed by the development of the Chinese economy and society. As at the end of 2023, the Bank provided 1, 299, 300 private enterprises, registering a growth rate of 26. 20 in the year, with credit support of RMB 3. 73 trillion of credit support, which grew by more than RMB 797. 1 billion compared with the beginning of the year and of which new credit accounted for 44. 09. Supporting scientific and technological innovation to gear up for tremendous development The Bank supported the implementation of the innovationdriven development strategy by channeling more financial resources in key areas such as scientific and technological innovation, advanced manufacturing, and industry chain & supply chain, helping to accelerate the formation and growth of new productive forces and propelling the modernisation of the industrial system. The balance of loans extended by the Bank in strategic emerging industries hit RMB 1. 9 trillion, registering a growth rate of 74. 35 in the year. The balance of loans extended by the Bank to hightech companies went up by 30. 94 to RMB 1. 4 trillion in the year. The Bank provided credit support worth about RMB 1. 47 trillion to hightech enterprises, along with a variety of comprehensive financial services worth over RMB 610 billion. The balance of credit lines worth over RMB 260 billion the Bank provided for over 15, 000 enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products at national and provincial levels, with the Bank ranking among the top in the industry by loan amount, and number of customers. A total of 242 technology finance outlets were constructed across the Bank. Focused on key customer groups such as hightech enterprises, scitech enterprises of small and medium sizes, and small and medium enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products and keenly aware of what scitech enterprises actually needed, the Bank created a credit approval process and credit evaluation model adapted to the characteristics of scitech enterprises, used artificial intelligence, big data, and other information technologies to improve the credit risk assessment capabilities, and provided the accurately layered and categorised support through digital means. The Bank surveyed a number of strategic emerging industries such as IC, new energy vehicles, smart wearable devices, lithiumion batteries, medical research and experimental development, and electric motor manufacturing, and revised the credit policies of related industries based on the surveying findings. The 1 2 3 4 (one channel, twowheel drive, three key points, and four tools) service system exclusive to enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products was improved. The Bank provided inclusive finance services for these enterprises, and provided financial products that meet the needs of these enterprises throughout their life cycle. Therefore, it could serve these enterprises on all fronts with quality and efficiency further assured. Serving the growth of scitech enterprises The Bank endeavoured to build a technology finance system that could meet requirements for greater selfreliance and strength inscience and technology, thus actively promoting the highlevel planning, highstandard service, and highquality development of technology finance. (The data above are available as at the end of 2023.)
47 46 Aware of the fact that small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technological innovation are usually short in length of operation, highly innovative, and lacking in traditional collateral, the Bank in 2023 launched two fully online inclusive finance products, namely Hightech Startup Loan and Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, to support the small and micro enterprises with strong innovation capabilities and intellectual property rights and to enable wholeprocess online business processing. The products made financing more conveniently and easily accessible. The Bank worked with the Ministry of Science and Technology of China (MOST) to develop the BOCTorch Innovation Reward Point Loan credit model as a solution for scitech enterprises that were assetlight and short of collateral. Based on the innovation reward points of enterprises, a policy tool issued by the MOST for technology finance, the intelligent model integrated the credit analysis methods of commercial banks with the value analysis perspectives of investment banks to quantitatively evaluate the credit risk and growth potential of scitech enterprises, a prerequisite for providing them tailormade credit services. Hightech Startup Loan Unsecured loans were provided to eligible small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technology innovation, with a view to flexibly meeting their needs for current funds. Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners Allowing enterprises touse intellectual property rights (IPRs) as collateral, it could revitalise the financing attributes of intangible assets such as patents. Meanwhile, the flexible combination of IPR pledge and collateral was effective in meeting the diversified financing needs of various types of small and micro enterprises. BOC Chongqing Branch It launched the BOC Innovation Reward Point Loan product in cooperation with Western Science Town in Chongqing Hightech Industrial Development Zone, which introduced guarantee companies to pregrant credit lines to scitech enterprises with innovation reward points, thus realising the purpose of fast and accurate lending. As at the end of 2023, the branch pregranted credit lines of more than RMB 400 million to enterprises in the list of enterprises with innovation reward points assembled by the development zone, and 36 enterprises already obtained credit lines of RMB 131 million. BOC Shenzhen Branch Based on the model for assessing innovative scitech enterprises and combined with the Innovation Reward Point Loan and the internal big data platform, it built a quantitative assessment system with 150 million entries of IPR data at its core, so as to create an effective tool of technology finance for prelending customer outreach, duringlending approval, and postlending management, which could enhance the service capacity of technology finance. Launching an online financial service mode for small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technological innovation An innovative financial product for hightech startups Helping stabilise and unblock industrial chains and supply chains Fully leveraging its advantages in integrated operation, the Bank embedded a full package of comprehensive financial services such as investment banking, insurance, and leasing into the supply chain finance service system and created seven supply chain finance product lineups, namely, note, certificate, financing, loan, debt, insurance, and leasing to provide customers along industrial chains with a service experience by coordinating all product lines. As an important force in the development of inclusive finance, the Bank implemented the guiding principles put forth at the Central Financial Work Conference and the State Council's Implementation Opinions on Promoting the Highquality Development of Inclusive Finance. Committed to providing accurate and effective financial services toa wide range of inclusive finance customers, it enhanced the coverage and satisfaction rate of inclusive finance services and promoted highquality development of inclusive finance.. Promoting the highquality development of inclusive finance to further move toward common prosperity Serving small and micro market players Large in number, small and micro market entities play an important role in promoting growth, ensuring employment, and improving people's wellbeing, among other aspects. The Bank focused on the finance needs of small and micro enterprises, selfemployed individuals, small and micro business owners, and other market players, and continued to refine the comprehensive service system for inclusive finance. The Bank provided innovative services as per the comprehensive and targeted policies to help stimulate the vitality of the real economy. The balance of inclusive loans extended by the Bank to small and micro enterprises stood at RMB 1, 758, 543 million, registering a growth rate of 43. 17 for the year, which was higher than the average growth rate of various loans granted by the Bank in the year. 2, 889 green finance outlets were constructed cumulatively. Small and micro enterprises getting inclusive loans numbered 1. 0710 million, registering a growth rate of 43. 21 for the year. BOC Guangdong Branch staff visit the local piece market to get informed of the financing needs of commercial tenants there. BOC Hebei Branch staff learn about how a corporate customer manufactures and operates its power quality products.(The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) Focused on the positioning of Shanxi Province to build an advanced manufacturing base in the central region at a faster pace, BOC Shanxi Branch formulated the Financial Service Programme for Key Industrial Chains of the Manufacturing Sector around the ten major industrial chains, and set up the Work Group for Industrial Chains to thoroughly analyse the situation of customers in each link of an industrial chain, and establish the fulllifecycle financial services mechanism for enterprises along industrial chains. Propelling the manufacturing industry toward highquality development
49 48 Serving the persons who started their own businesses or got employed The Bank further implemented the longterm mechanism for employment stabilisation and expansion by launching an employment promotion campaign in 2023, which provided comprehensive inclusive finance services for small and micro enterprises and the vast number of persons who started their own businesses and got employed in terms of credit services, job searching and matching, financial needs concerning people's wellbeing, skills training, and policy dissemination, in an effort to help these enterprises develop stably and create more job opportunities. In 2023, the Bank extended more than RMB 270 billion in special loans to 47, 300 enterprises for the purpose of stabilising and expanding employment. In addition, the Bank carried out the Proentrepreneurship inclusive finance service campaign, published the Guidelines on the Formulation of the Inclusive Startup Loan Service Programmes for Entrepreneurial Customer Groups and eight measures in support of university college graduates and people starting their own businesses, and approved comprehensive solutions for inclusive finance such as special financing, entrepreneurial training, and supply and demand matching to provide precise support for those who started their own businesses and sought flexible employment. Serving the selfemployed individuals customer groups The Bank took the initiative in supporting the development of selfemployed individuals. In 2023, it continued to carry out the Benefit Merchants, Promote Consumption special campaign, coordinated with government authorities, launched special service programmes, and organized special events to provide precise financial services for the financial needs of selfemployed individuals. As at the end of 2023, the balance of business loans extended by the Bank to selfemployed individuals exceeded RMB 260 billion, with a growth rate of 40. 51 for the year, which covered more than 480, 000 customers, with a growth rate of 44. 61 for the year. During the second National Service Month for Selfemployed Individuals campaign, it visited the markets and business districts in order to disseminate policies and provide diversified products and services to the selfemployed individuals indifferent industries and scenarios. It organized over 200 Benefit Merchants, Promote Consumption campaigns throughout the year. BOC Gansu Branch in cooperation with the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Gansu Province, introduced the Longyuan Employment Promotion Loan financing business to the public and enterprises, answered questions about related policies, and provided financial services to small and micro enterprises and individuals who started their own businesses and got employed. BOC Shandong Branch signed with the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Shandong Province the Cooperation Agreement on Special Loans for Employment Stabilisation and Expansion. The branch unveiled Shandong Employment Loan, a special loan product for employment stabilisation and expansion, which would arrange RMB 15 billion of credit funds in three years to support eligible small and micro enterprises. BOC Ningbo Branch signed with the Human Resources and Social Security Bureau of Ningbo Municipality the Ningbo Employment Loan Service Cooperation Agreement at the launching ceremony of the Financial Assistance for Enterprises to Stabilise and Expand Employment campaign Ningbo Employment Loan. The exclusive products, credit lines, and services were arranged to help small and micro enterprises in Ningbo stabilise and expand employment. Working to stabilise job creation and promote employment Serving the customer groups engaged in foreign exchange and foreign trade businesses Small and micro enterprises in the sector of foreign trade The Inclusive Finance Solution of Bank of China for Small and Micro Enterprises Engaged in Foreign Trade was released to carry out themed activities. Relying on innovative service modes in eight aspects, that is, orders, support policies, funds, labour, technologies, support services, logistics, and information, the Bank could provide small and micro enterprises engaged in foreign trade with a wide range of services such as order matching, matchmaking of upstream and downstream enterprises, credit support, employment promotion, technical cooperation, insurance coverage, customs clearance and settlement, policy interpretation, and product publicity, to help these enterprises find funds, services and information they needed. Crossborder matchmaking platform Relying on the BOCe Enterprise global service platform that could integrate governmentbankenterprise cooperation, crossborder matchmaking activities, and financial services, the Bank provided indepth services to six major exhibitions, and served the China International Import Expo for six consecutive years. In 2023, the Bank organised 19 matchmaking activities. As at the end of 2023, a total of 120 matchmaking events were held, which provided finance intelligent valueadded services for more than 50, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions around the world, and reached more than 10, 000 intentions of cooperation, amounting to over USD 54 billion.
51 50 In the process of developing digital finance, the Bank boosted its ability to support the real economy and enhance the accessibility, convenience and precision of inclusive financial services. Developing digital finance and inclusive finance Optimising products Building up capabilities Expanding scenarios Diversifying the product system BOC Quick Loan was created as a series of online inclusive finance products. As at the end of 2023, the series consisted of more than 25 products such as credit, mortgage, pledge, and warranty, and relevant online inclusive loans grew by 120. 26 compared with the beginning of the year, of which new loans accounted for more than 70. Focusing on regional characteristics The Bank rolled out featured online products and services such as Foreign Trade Loan, Carbon e Loan, and Quick Loan for Farmers for the supply chain and industrial chain, foreign trade, green development, and agriculturerelated scenarios in different places. Upgrading the integrated service platform for inclusive finance The precise forecasting and intelligent recommendation service for loans was added to the Inclusive Loan app, providing customers with efficient financing experience. The integration of BOC Enterprise e Manager as the operational management tool satisfied the demand of diversified business development. Constructing an intelligent operation platform for inclusive finance An intelligent inclusive finance platform was created to realise realtime monitoring of multidimensional data such as business scale, asset quality, institutional efficiency, and system operation and integrate automated management and control mechanisms such as indicator configuration, early warning issuance, and thresholdtriggered circuit breaker. Enhancing digital inclusive finance service capabilities The Bank expanded the application of external data, diversified customer profiling means. Ajoint laboratory was built with the National Center for Public Credit Information, with which Credit Easy Loans nationwide conducted further cooperation. Strengthening the construction of online supply chain scenarios The Order Loan online financing service mode was introduced, which supported the connection to supply chains, other scenario platforms and characterised data, so as to enhance the online service capability of small and micro enterprises along supply chains. Serving digital government affairs service scenarios Government Procurement e Loan was developed as an innovative product to provide online financing services for small and micro enterprises participating in government procurement. BOC Fullerton Community Bank created a mobile service mode that featured online and offline integration by making use of technologies such as digital mapping, face recognition, electronic certificates, and electronic seals. Under this mode, staff could handle information collection, bank card opening, onsite deposit and loan, and other major businesses on their i Pads for customers when visiting them. In addition, BOC Fullerton Village Community actively innovated financial products. It developed the Automatically Approved Loan over i Pad product exclusive to agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents and tailored the Villagewide Unsecured Loan batch business for particular scenarios. Applications for petty loans could be automatically approved within 15 minutes. Besides, BOC Fullerton Quick Loan was developed as a purely online unsecured smallamount business loan product, which could provide convenient and efficient credit services for small and micro enterprises whose credit records were not as complete as they might be needed. It allows customers to apply for loans, sign contracts, and make repayments by themselves via their mobile phone. It usually takes three minutes on average from loan application to fund disbursement. Practising the concept of digital and inclusive finance to effectively reach out to inclusive finance customer groups A strong agricultural sector is fundamental to the building of a great modern socialist country, and promoting rural revitalisation on all fronts is an important task for building up China's strength in agriculture in the new era. With the strategic goal of modernising agriculture and rural areas and building China into an agricultural powerhouse, the Bank stepped up financial support for agriculture, optimised the agriculturerelated finance service system from the supply side, and enhanced the quality and efficiency of agriculturerelated finance services. In 2023, a number of documents, including the Guiding Opinions of Bank of China Limited for Supporting the Building of an Agricultural Powerhouse and Modernising Agriculture and Rural Areas during the 14 th Five Year Plan Period, Key Points of Work of Bank of China Limited on Supporting Poverty Alleviation in Key Counties for National Rural Revitalization in 2023 were formulated to further improve the toplevel design, enrich financial products and strengthen service capabilities. As at the end of 2023, the balance of agriculturerelated loans extended by the Bank was RMB 2, 656, 079 million, representing a growth rate of 28. 53 for the year, and the balance of agriculturerelated inclusive loans stood at RMB 376, 521 million, representing a growth rate of 44. 64 for the year. Serving the rural revitalisation strategy Innovative products Profarmer Loan was upgraded in light of what agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents actually needed to prioritize supporting selfemployed individuals along the rural industrial chains, such as planting, breeding, forestry, and procurement of agricultural products, and processing of agricultural products. The Bank issued RMB 10 billion of special financial bonds for agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents, with the funds raised tobe used exclusively for the disbursement of agriculturerelated loans.
53 52 Upgrading serivces BOC Smart Chain - Food and Beverage Chain was launched to create a set of comprehensive products and services that could combine supply chain finance with inclusive finance. Awide range of financial services covering upstream farmers and breeders, production and processing enterprises, and downstream sales channels and end consumers were available to provide strong financial support for the development of upstream and downstream industries related to food and beverages and for the emergence and development of new industries and business forms in rural areas. Expanding channels The service reach of the Bank was extended. As at the end of 2023, 1, 013 rural revitalisation outlets were constructed across the Bank accumulatively, 20 of which were distributed in nationallevel key counties designated to receive assistance for rural revitalisation. Mobile smart counters were extensively placed in rural areas and counties to increase the accessibility of financial services. Staff members of the Bank took the initiative to go into townships, bazaars, and other places to enhance the offsite and doortodoor service capacity. As at the end of 2023, a total of 11, 028 mobile smart counters were installed across the Group, representing a yearonyear increase of 29. 5, of which 3, 335 were deployed in county areas, representing a yearonyear increase of 33. 7. With the aim of taking roots in county areas and supporting farmers and smallsized enterprises, BOC Fullerton Community Bank was committed to providing modern financial services to small and micro enterprises, selfemployed businessmen, the wageearning class, and rural residents. As at the end of 2023, 134 BOC Fullerton Community Banks were set up in 22 provinces (municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions) across China, of which 87 were located in the central and western regions. Innovative agriculturerelated service programme under inclusive finance. BOC Anhui Branch launches the beef cattle breeding loan to support the beef cattle revitalisation programme in Anhui Province and promote the sustainable and sound development of the beef cattle breeding industry. BOC Hubei Branch launches CP Feed Loan to provide financing support to small and micro enterprises and farmers along the upstream and downstream industrial chains in which CP Group is involved. Focusing on key areas Financial services were provided to ensure food security throughout the entire industrial chain from grain production, spring plowing preparation, and grain circulation, storage, and processing. As at the end of 2023, the balance of loans extended by the Bank in the key food areas was RMB 121, 618 million, representing an increase of RMB 32, 243 million from the beginning of the year and a growth rate of 36. 08 for the year. The Bank provided financing support for top seed enterprises in terms of scientific research, operation, and integration of breeding, propagation expansion, and promotion, made use of IPRs in the seed industry, and provided related enterprises with preferential interest rates and exchange rate hedging services. As at the end of 2023, the balance of credit lines extended by the Bank to seed enterprises nationwide stood at RMB 13, 629 million. Seed Industry Loan, as an inclusive finance product, had a credit balance of RMB 980 million. BOC Guangdong Branch launched the Villagewide Credit Service Programme. Based on the industrial plans of villages, townships, and countries aswell as credit records of farmers, the programme initiated the creditgranting process for all eligible farmer households across a village. Unlike the traditional practice where farmers could only geta loan if it's secured by collateral, the programme made it possible for farmers with good credit records to obtain a loan directly. This change, therefore, directed the flow of financial resources to agricultural economic entities with good credit records. Since the launch of the villagewide credit programme, related policies have continued to benefit more people. As at the end of 2023, 92 villagewide credit projects were approved, with a total credit line of RMB 3. 4 billion, and 503 single business deals were granted, with a credit amount of RMB 2. 3 billion. Villagewide credit programme was created as an agriculturerelated loan solution Thanks to the villagewide credit programme, we have a better chance of getting rich in the future! -A Farmer in Zhaoqing, Guangdong
54 55 BOC Xinjiang Branch relying on the advantageous industries in Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture, launched the Chilli Loan service programme, an inclusive finance product under BOC Proagriculture Pal to meet the financing needs of local chilli processing enterprises during the chilli harvesting season. As at the end of 2023, the branch approved credit facilities of RMB 47. 8 million for 16 local chilli processing enterprises. BOC Shandong Branch unveiled the Yimeng Profarmer Loan series of credit products in Linyi Prefecture City, which comprised eight subseries, that is, wood loan, vegetable loan, honeysuckle loan, peanut processing loan, wickerwork loan, poultry slaughtering loan, Jinluo meat loan, and fruit loan, which helped the featured industries of counties under the jurisdiction of the city to grow larger and stronger. BOC Hainan Branch introduced the Smart Livestock Farming Loan product, which aimed at helping livestock farming enterprises get rid of obstacles to obtaining guarantees. Allowing livestock tobe used as collateral, the product relied on the Hainan Cloud Mobile Platform for Livestock Management, to get a realtime view of the geographic location and physiological status of livestock, a prerequisite for ensuring the safety of livestock as collateral assets. BOC Guangxi Branch innovated a supply chain finance mode combining banks, guarantee companies, top enterprises, and farmer households represented by sugarcane loans, hog loans and poultry loans to facilitate the sound development of the featured industry in Guangxi. As at the end of 2023, the branch extended loans of RMB 3, 872 million through the service mode to more than 3, 000 upstream and downstream enterprises and farmer households in the featured farming industry chain. BOC Dalian Branch implemented the Opinions on Accelerating the Highquality Development of the Fishery Industry of Dalian Municipal People's Government. The Fishing Boat Loan product was devised by the branch in light of the needs of fishermen, with the agricultural development guarantee companies introduced. As a solution to the lack of standard real estate collateral among fishermen, the product could direct financial resources to the customer group directly. BOC Chongqing Branch joined hands with Chongqing Anyou Feed Co., Ltd. to provide individual business loan service solutions for pig farmers to promote the development of the pig farming industry in Sichuan and Chongqing. Devising innovative product and service solutions to support the development of distinctive industriesBOC Hunan Branch staff visit farmers to understand their financial needs. BOC Jiangxi Branch extends B&B Loan to B&B operators in Wuyuan County, Shangrao in the hopes of facilitating rural B&B development.
56 Supporting the highquality development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt Spearheaded by the strategy of ensuring overall ecological conservation and refraining from largescale development and prioritising ecological conservation and boosting green development, the Bank was active in providing quality financial services in a host of areas critical to the highquality development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt, including the green transition and upgrading of industries in provinces and municipalities along the Yangtze River, the ecological conservation and restoration of the Yangtze River, the modernisation of industry chains and supply chains, and the optimisation of the industry distribution along the river. In 2023, the Action Plan of Bank of China Limited for Supporting the Highquality Development of the Yangtze River Economic Belt was formulated, in which 22 concrete measures were put forward around six areas, namely, green development, transportation, upgrading of industries along the Yangtze River, new urbanisation, opening up to the outside world, and cultural and tourist consumption, to provide proper financial services or support. As at the end of 2023, 13 branches of the Bank along the Yangtze River Economic Belt had outstanding loans totaling RMB 7. 55 trillion, which grew by 15. 59 in the year. Intensifying cooperation to promote coordinated regional development Supporting the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei regionBOC took the initiative to get aligned with the national strategy for coordinated regional development and major regional strategies. Dedicated to the construction of key regions and cities, the Bank strengthened the toplevel planning of key regions for financial services, boosted the coordinated support capacity across regions, and provided highquality support that integrated financing, consulting, and commercial services for regional development, helping to build a regional economic structure that would feature complementary advantages and facilitate highquality development. The Bank got deeply involved in serving the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region. In the year, the Work Plan of Bank of China Limited for Supporting the Coordinated Development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei Region was formulated to prioritise relieving Beijing of functions that were nonessential to its role as the capital city. A total of 35 financial support measures were proposed around the key areas concerning the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region, such as the construction of Beijing Municipal Administrative Center and Xiongan New Area in Hebei, transport integration, ecological conservation, industry upgrading and transfer, equal access to public services, and infrastructure improvement and upgrading. As at the end of 2023, the Bank continued to enhance the level of financial services provided in key areas related to the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region. Its balance of loans for the projects supporting the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region amounted to RMB 455, 358 million, of which new loans reached RMB 192, 819 million in the year. The Bank takes it as its responsibility to provide highquality financial support for the construction of the Xiongan New Area and continued to increase its efforts in this regard. As at the end of 2023, its balance of credit lines of RMB 31, 792 million in Xiongan New Area of Hebei Province hit RMB 6, 1890 million, a 49. 78 increase compared to the previous year, which strongly supported the construction of a highspeed railway network featuring four vertical and two horizontal lines and an expressway network consisting of four vertical and three horizontal routes in the area, the development of marketoriented subdistricts, and other major projects in Xiongan New Area. Supporting the construction of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area The Bank continued to support the coordinated development of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area (Greater Bay Area) by helping local governments attract investment, launching an integrated platform to serve customers in the Greater Bay Area, leveraging the Group's advantages in joint operations, and seizing the opportunities for the development of technology finance, industry finance, and crossborder finance within the Greater Bay Area to support a number of landmark projects. In 2023, the Action Plan of Bank of China Limited for Serving the Construction of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area (20232025) was formulated to launch appropriate support measures around an array of areas such as serving highstandard opening up to the outside world, facilitating greater selfreliance and strength in science and technology, supporting the modernisation of industries, and promoting coordinated regional development. As at the end of 2023, four commercial banks of the Bank in the Greater Bay Area had outstanding loans equivalent to RMB 4. 52 trillion. BOC Guangdong Branch closely followed the development plan of the Greater Bay Area, focused on major projects in key domains, and spared no efforts to support the Greater Bay Area in realising infrastructural connectivity, capital integration, and life of convenience, thus helping stabilise investment and growth. In 2023, the branch provided financial support of RMB 39, 771 million for transport and logistics enterprises, and granted credit lines of more than RMB 8. 2 billion to 20 major infrastructure projects such as the Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge, Shenzhen Zhongshan Bridge, Shiziyang Channel, Nansha Port, and Hengqin Port and Comprehensive Transportation Hub Development Project. Supporting the implementation of major projects in the Greater Bay Area To implement the Northbound Travel for Hong Kong Vehicles scheme and meet the travelling needs of Hong Kong residents, BOCG Insurance took the leadin launching Hong Kong Guangdong Cross Board Motor Insurance (Unilateral Recognition Extended Coverage), which could provide onestop auto insurance services for Hong Kong private car owners and drivers travelling to and from Guangdong Province via the Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge (HZMB), thus facilitating peopletopeople contacts between the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) and the Chinese mainland. Policies can become effective immediately after purchase. Throughout the year, 223 insurance policies were issued under the scheme with the coverage amounting to HKD 0. 41 million. Facilitating the Northbound Travel for Hong Kong Vehicles scheme to promote integrated development in the region Supporting ecological conservation and highquality development in the Yellow River basin Supporting the construction of the Chengdu Chongqing Economic Circle The Bank provided allaround financial services by focusing on six key areas, that is, strengthening ecological conservation and environmental governance, building a modern industrial system with distinctive advantages, constructing a new pattern of coordinated development among different regions and between urban and rural areas, strengthening infrastructure connectivity, bolstering weak links and weaknesses in fields concerning people's wellbeing, and preserving, carrying forward, and promoting culture of the Yellow River basin. As at the end of 2023, branches of the Bank along the Yellow River basin had a green loan balance of RMB 650. 5 billion, representing a growth of 57. 38, had a balance of agriculturerelated loans worth RMB 644 billion, up 32. 37, and had a balance of inclusive finance totaling RMB 288. 3 billion, up 65. 66. Asper the requirement for planning the development of Sichuan and Chongqing as a whole, the Bank advanced the joint operation between commercial banking and comprehensive management companies within the Group, better propelled the integrated development of the Chengdu Chongqing region with financial services, facilitated the construction of key projects in the Chengdu Chongqing region such as Chengdu Dazhou Wanzhou Highspeed Railway, Yunyang Pumped Storage Power Plant, and Chongqing Wanzhou Highspeed Railway, and supported the construction of a western financial centre in Chongqing, so as to construct the Chengdu Chongqing Economic Circle in a more thorough and practical manner. 57
59 58 Building up the crossborder financial service capacity The Bank continued to enhance its crossborder financial services and promoted its globalised operations toward highquality development steadily. As the most internationalised Chinese bank, BOC made globalisation a shining brand, actively integrated the domestic and international markets and resources available there, and made continuous efforts to serve highstandard going global enterprises and highquality bringing in enterprises, contributing to the formation of a new development pattern that would feature positive interplay between domestic and international economic circulations. Relying on the global network to serve the highstandard opening up to the outside world Continuously optimising the global network of branches institutions Pressing ahead with bilateral and multilateral financial cooperation Functioning as the financial bridge, the Bank provided customers with comprehensive financial services allover the world. In 2023, Papua New Guinea Representative Office and Riyadh Branch commenced business successively. As at the end of 2023, the Bank established overseas branches and institutions in 64 countries and regions around the world, including 44 BRI participating countries. Therefore, it became the Chinese bank with the widest coverage in the world and among the BRI participating countries. The Bank intensified its cooperation with a variety of financial institutions and expanded its range of international partners. As at the end of 2023, it established correspondent relationships with nearly 1, 200 financial institutions worldwide, and cemented its collaboration with key correspondent banks in the BRI regions. In the meantime, it provided multinational institutions and enterprises with a full package of financial services such as international settlements, bond financing, foreign exchange trading, investment custody, and global cash management. Additionally, BOC also maintained good partnerships with international multilateral financial institutions such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and New Development Bank (NDB) aswell as sovereign funds of many countries. Providing digital and crossborder financial services In 2023, the Bank optimised its online channels for crossborder financial services and relied on financial technology (Fin Tech) to empower globalisation. The crossborder finance zone of the corporate mobile banking app encompassed three parts, namely One Stop Crossborder Connect, Crossborder Treasure Box, and Wellselected Crossborder Services, which integrated collection, settlement, and payment of foreign exchange (FX) for joint operations and supported onestop comprehensive crossborder services such as letters of credit, letters of guarantee, inclusive financing, and wealth management, aswell as a series of convenient auxiliary functions such as FX quotations and calculation. Forward FX settlement and sales services were added to the overseas version of the corporate online banking app, supporting such functions as forward transaction initiation, transaction duration management, quotation enquiry, transaction, and entrustment enquiry. As at the end of 2023, the overseas version of the corporate online banking app was available in 56 countries regions and in 14 languages including Chinese, English, Korean, Japanese, German, French, and Russian. BOC Crossborder Remittance Express, an intelligent crossborder remittance product, introduced two functions, that is, direct outward remittance of crossborder funds and direct inward remittance of domestic foreign currency funds from other banks, realising crossborder remittance in both directions, intelligent direct processing of local and foreign currencies, and direct inward remittance of domestic and foreign currencies through all channels. In March 2023, BOC Suzhou Branch issued the green deposit scheme for corporate customers in the Yangtze River Delta, which was the first green deposit scheme offered indifferent currency types across regions in China. The green deposit scheme, with preissuance assurance conducted by an external professional institution, was intended to promote the sustainable development of the regional economy by earmarking the deposit funds in the Yangtze River Delta for green, lowcarbon, and ecofriendly projects. Pioneering the crossregional and crosscurrency green deposit scheme in the Yangtze River Delta Supporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta Keenly aware of the strategic positioning of the Yangtze River Delta as one pole, three regions, and one highland as well as the two keywords, namely integrated and highquality, the Bank consistently prioritized supporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta in its execution of regional strategy. Since its signing of the Cooperation Agreement on Promoting the Integrated Development of the Yangtze River Delta with the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office and launching of the first comprehensive financial services programme for the integration of the Yangtze River Delta in the Chinese banking industry, the ability of banks and enterprises in the Yangtze River Delta region to provide coordinated services for the integrated development of the region has been significantly enhanced. As at the end of 2023, six branches of the Bank in the Yangtze River Delta had a combined loan balance of RMB 4. 99 trillion, posting an annual growth rate of 16. 62 for the year.
61 60 Supporting the key BRI projects The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) was proposed by China in 2013. Over the past decade, BOC, as the most internationalised Chinese bank with a history of over 100 years, has followed the principle of extensive consultation, joint contributions, and shared benefits, adhered to a vision of openness, green development, and clean governance, and aimed to reach high standards, enhance people's wellbeing, and advance sustainability. While fully leveraging its advantages in globalisation, the Bank made progress in increasing infrastructure connectivity and financial cooperation with the BRI participating countries. It helped to implement a number of key projects under the BRI, which better benefited the people of related countries. In recent years, the Bank has supported with a full package of financial services a number of landmark projects, including Jakarta Bandung High Speed Railway (the first highspeed railway project that Chinese enterprises undertook overseas), China Laos Railway (a flagship cooperation project between the two countries), the Port of Chancay, Peru, (an important transport hub in the South Pacific Ocean), anda wind farm project in Bukhara, Uzbekistan (the largest standalone wind power project in Central Asia), aswell as a number of small yet significant projects, including a hospital in Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina, all of which effectively enhanced the local people's sense of happiness, fulfilment, and identity. Capitalising on its strengths in international capital markets and overseas businesses, BOC continued to catalyse financing among BRI participating countries. As at the end of 2023, the Bank issued five BRIthemed bonds, raising funds equivalent to nearly USD 15 billion in seven currencies such as RMB, USD, and EUR. In addition, branches of the Bank in the BRI participating countries were organised to issue overseas green bonds with a view to supporting the development of green finance in their host countries regions. The Bank carried out a total of over 1, 000 corporate credit projects in the BRI participating countries, which offered credit of more than USD 316 billion. 13 outcomes were included in the list of practical cooperation projects of the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, which indicated that fruitful results were achieved in the process of serving the joint implementation of the BRI. Domestic institutions of the Bank issued USD 12, 205 million in letters of guarantee for beneficiaries in 130 BRI participating countries in 2023, representing a yearonyear increase of 7. 15. Jakarta Bandung Highspeed Railway, jointly constructed by China and Indonesia, started operation in September 2023, marking a significant milestone reached by the two countries in the joint implementation of the BRI. As the flagship project of China Indonesia cooperation under the BRI, the project was the first highspeed railway in Southeast Asia, and it also signified China's highspeed railway standards were practised overseas for the first time with the entire system, all elements, and the whole industry chain intact. The Bank actively supported the construction of the railway by providing related enterprises with awide range of financial services such as account management, overseas custody agent, cash management, FX business, and agency payroll, all of which were necessary for the smooth progress of the project. BOC Dubai Branch and BOC Luxembourg Branch simultaneously issued one of the world's first BRIthemed green bonds, with a total size of USD 800 million equivalent, and the proceeds would be used to support qualified green projects in the BRI participating countries, including the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Portugal, Austria, Bulgaria, and Poland. Over the years, BOCG Insurance has been actively involved in the joint implementation of the BRI. Giving full play to its financial advantages as a bankbacked insurance company, it provided underwriting, reinsurance, and claim settlement services indifferent regions and under varying legal backgrounds, to help implement a number of BRI landmark projects and support enterprises to go global. In 2023, BOCG Insurance exclusively underwrote the engineering insurance for the regional hospitals in Guyana, constructed by China CAMC Engineering Co., Ltd., the first medical infrastructure construction project as part of the partnership between China and Guyana, which could effectively improve the local medical standards upon completion. Meanwhile, it underwrote the construction all risks insurance for the Batang Toru Hydropower Station Project in Indonesia and the Balakot Hydropower Station Project in Pakistan. The two important energy infrastructure projects aimed to improve the local energy mix, expedite the transition to clean energy, and provide the public with safe, stable and clean electricity supply. BOCG Insurance underwrote more than 230 overseas projects throughout 2023, including 173 projects in the BRI participating countries, with the coverage amounting to over RMB 80 billion. It was granted the Most Distinctive Service Award for the BRI Implementation Insurance by China Belt and Road Reinsurance Pool. Jakarta Bandung Highspeed Railway commenced operation as a cooperation project between China and Indonesia with the financial support of Bank Issuing one of the world's first BRIthemed green bonds Safeguarding the highquality implementation of the BRI with the power of insurance BOC Heilongjiang Branch launched the BOC Crossborder e Procurement Connect - Loong Procurement Connect system, which was connected to the networking platform of Suifenhe Municipal People's Government for market procurement trade. Capable of exercising the wholeprocess control over the authentication of trade entities, transaction registration, export customs clearance and other links, the system could provide entities engaged in marketoriented procurement trade with online services covering the entire business process from account opening and binding to application for FX collection and settlement, which made it possible for carrying out FX businesses for customers in a more timely and convenient manner, thus developing new modes of foreign trade. Landing the first online FX collection business for corporate customers under the market procurement trade mode in Heilongjiang Province Stabilising the scale of and optimising the structure of foreign trade Fully leveraging its advantage as the main channel bank for financial services in foreign trade and economic cooperation, BOC formulated the Action Plan for Serving Import and Export Enterprises, the Work Plan on Strengthening Credit Support for Foreign Trade Customers, and other related documents, to lay a solid institutional foundation for adopting a combination of measures to stabilise foreign trade. BOC Crossborder Ecommerce Connect, a system of crossborder ecommerce settlement products and services, was refined around new forms of foreign trade, to make onestop online financial services for marketoriented procurement trade available in the majority of the pilot provinces, and increased the supply of comprehensive financial services for overseas warehouses. In 2023, domestic institutions of the Bank handled international settlement businesses totaling USD 3. 37 trillion, of which the crossborder settlement services provided for crossborder ecommerce enterprises grew at a rate of 123. They connected with 28 market procurement trade platforms nationwide through the Internet to provide online settlement services.(The data above are available as at the end of 2023.)
63 62 Serving major national exhibitions and conventions In 2023, the Bank continued to provide highquality services for national trade fairs, thus erecting a financial bridge for trade promotion. Name of exhibition Role of the Bank China International Import Expo Sole strategic partner China International Fair for Trade in Services Sole global partner in the banking industry China Import and Export Fair Sole global strategic partner China International Consumer Products Expo Global strategic partner China International Fair for Investment & Trade Sole global strategic partner for financial services Main work done Preexhibition The Bank supported investment invitation, exhibitor invitation, and roadshow activities. In 2023 it supported the organisation of 30 overseas promotional activities in over 40 countries regions, and over 30 domestic investment attraction activities. Duringexhibition The Bank provided exhibitors and buyers with comprehensive financial services such as policy counselling, account opening, fund exchange, cash management, and crossborder remittance. Leveraging the experience in global matchmaking activities and crossborder services, it provided enterprises with highquality financial matchmaking activities. It supported the organisation of highend forums and other activities to release financial service outcomes, deepen international communication and cooperation, and help integrate intelligence and commercial services. Postexhibition The Bank cemented cooperation with the organising committees of exhibitions to provide enterprises with highquality and efficient financial services on an ongoing basis. BOC Tianjin Branch establishes Tianjin's first shipping finance centre, focusing on five industries, that is, shipping transactions, automobile logistics, financial leasing, cold chain logistics, and deep processing of frozen goods, to satisfy the allaround financial needs of shipping logistics enterprises and freight forwarding enterprises in terms of settlement, financing, and guarantee. Striking appearance at the China International Import Expo for six consecutive years
65 64 The Bank supports the organisation of the 4 th China Mongolia Expo by virtue of its advantages incomprehensive financial services. Beijing Day Beijing Tianjin Hebei Region Collaborative Investment Promotion and Invest Beijing Global Summit cohosted by the Bank and Beijing Investment Promotion Service Centre during 2023 China International Fair for Trade in Services. BOC Yunnan Branch works with the Department of Commerce of Yunnan Province to hold the Bank of China Trade and Investment Matchmaking Meeting during the 7 th China South Asia Expo. Helping to advance the internationalisation of RMB with prudent and solid steps The Bank made every effort to serve the national strategy of internationalising RMB as scheduled. Since the launch of the pilot programme where RMB could be used as a settlement currency for crossborder trade in 2009, BOC has always maintained its position as the main channel for crossborder flows of RMB funds. In 2023, the Group's crossborder RMB settlement volume reached RMB 57. 35 trillion, up more than 80 over the same period of the prior year, among which RMB 12. 81 trillion was undertaken by domestic institutions of the Bank, up 23. 28 year on year. Raising the level of RMB services in overseas markets Most overseas institutions of the Bank have already launched RMB services. They worked to improve overseas RMB services by optimising RMB services for going global Chinese enterprises, expanding the volume of RMB settlements with local customers, and meeting the demand for diverse RMB services of overseas agencies. Taking advantage of its professional experience in the field of foreign exchange and foreign trade and considering the newmarket conditions and policy guidance, the Bank formulated ten measures to support foreign trade enterprises in expanding the crossborder use of RMB, to enhance trade and investment facilitation, and to enlarge the whitelist of foreign trade enterprises entitled to facilitation services, which could better meet the exchange rate hedging needs of enterprises. Outcomes achieved by the Bank in the fields of financial services such as the commitment to stabilising foreign trade and foreign investment at the Financial Services Zone of 2023 China International Fair for Trade in Services.
67 66 BOC (Zambia) holds the Crossborder RMB Business Promotion under China Zambia Economic and Trade Cooperation to introduce the background of RMB internationalisation, crossborder RMB policies, and related financial products, in the hopes of enhancing the understanding and recognition of RMB among various entities in the Zambian market. Publicising and promoting RMB Internationalisation with greater efforts Supporting the construction of RMB crossborder use infrastructures The Bank published the White Paper on RMB Internationalisation for 11 consecutive years, released the Crossborder RMB Index (CRI) and the Offshore RMB Index (ORI) ona quarterly basis, and launched the Introduction to Main Scenarios and Products Related to Crossborder RMB Corporate Services for overseas markets, to help customers know about RMB internationalisation policies and products. Special activities on RMB internationalisation were held, including the Belt and Road Initiative RMB Internationalisation Forum, and the Currency Cooperation anda Diversified International Monetary System, a parallel session at the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2023, to have indepth discussions about topics such as promoting the crossborder use of RMB with prudent and solid steps and building an offshore RMB market. Publicity and training activities on the internationalisation of RMB were carried out ona regular basis to promote experience and practices related to serving RMB internationalisation and preventing or controlling relevant risks. The Bank stepped up efforts to expand the range of indirect participants in the RMB Crossborder Interbank Payment System (CIPS). As at the end of 2023, 626 domestic and overseas financial institutions of the Bank became indirect participating banks of the CIPS, representing an increase of 43 from the beginning of the year and marking that the Bank ranked first place in the industry by the market share. BOC acted as an RMB clearing bank in 15 countries and regions around the world. Fulfilling People's Aspiration fora Better Life through Financial Services With people's growing needs for a better life as our starting point and destination, the Bank continues to enhance people's wellbeing in areas of pension, healthcare, housing, consumption and education by providing professional and quality financial services to improve customers' experience and satisfaction. Leveraging industry strengths, we mobilize more resources for public welfare and charity to truly fulfill our responsibilities of serving the people and enabling prosperity for all. Striving to meet needs of the elderly The Bank laid out comprehensive strategies in pension finance, individual pension finance and pension industry finance to support the highquality development of the elderly economy and improve quality of life for elderly people, enabling the transition from living a retired life to enjoying a retired life. The Bank carried out Head Officeto Headquarters Cooperation with the National Healthcare Security Administration (NHSA) and signed a framework agreement therefor. It provided convenient medical services for insured individuals by promoting the extensive use of medical insurance ecards and mobile payment applications. As at the end of 2023, 28. 04 million mobile banking users of the Bank were authorised medical insurance ecard holders. Building upon its retirement fund operation services, entrusted investment management capabilities, and system construction and institutional improvement, the Bank continuously enhances its retirement fund service capabilities. It consistently offers a series of products such as enterprise annuities and occupational pensions to its customers. Supporting the Construction of a Multitiered Pension Insurance System Serving national health insurance reform Facilitating retirement fund finance The pension funds under the custody of the bank reached RMB 209, 886 million with a growth of 23. 29. The enterprise annuity customers served was 18, 200. The individual enterprise annuity accounts under the management of the Bank numbered 4, 123, 700 with a growth of 5. 77. The working capital under pension custody was RMB 992, 390 million with a growth of 9. 46. (The data above are available as at the end of 2023.)
69 68 In November 2023, the Bank's first elderly economy trading delegation made its appearance at the 6 th China International Import Expo (CIIE). The delegation consisted of over 200 members, covering government agencies, stateowned retirement groups, rehabilitation aids, professional elderly care services, elderly education, elderly cultural tourism, and agefriendly designrelated entities. During the CIIE, the Bank hosted the first Foreign Investment in Retirement Assistance Forum, providing a platform to promote advanced retirement concepts and facilitate matchmaking between Chinese and foreign clients in the elderly care industry. Serving the elderly care industry Elderly economy transaction delegation making appearance at CIIEE Enriching the life of elderly people The Bank has launched the CCB Senior University online learning platform on its mobile banking app, providing free online courses to the national silver population. The platform offers agefriendly courses on financial literacy, smartphone applications for bridging the generation gap, financial fraud prevention, and comprehensive health guides by renowned doctors. By the end of 2023, CCB Senior University had offered over 650 courses, with over 620, 000 clicks. As an online resource display platform built around core elderly needs, the Greyhair Map collaborates with highquality institutions in the elderly care service field. It provides information on retirement institutions, offline senior universities, medical institutions, community dining spots, specialty merchants, and bank service points to help build a 15 minute retirement life circle. As at the end of 2023, the Greyhair Map platform had accommodated over 4, 000 elderly care service institutions, covering 31 provinces and cities nationwide. Based on the highfrequency scenarios of medical care, food, housing, transportation, entertainment, emotions, and learning for the elderly, the platform offers elderly people a variety of nonfinancial services such as online medicine purchase, video consultation, and senior travel. It helps older adults overcome the digital divide and enjoy a convenient life. The Bank explores innovative retirement service supply models and creates a public welfare mutual aid retirement platform to fully support the development of public welfare retirement initiatives. Nonfinancial services The Bank established CCB Keep Training Camp in the mobile banking app and launched free online workout courses in five categories including ice and snow sports, Tai Chi, and indoor fat burning. It improved Featured Venues and Equipment Center modules were improved, integrating 706 sports venues for fitness, ice and snow sports, swimming, and various ball sports, and introducing 640 sports equipment brands. Financial services The Bank upgraded special product sections, benefiting for Winter Olympicsthemed credit cards, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Card, and other distinctive products. It enabled customers to conveniently apply for cards and participate in activities online. It enriched payment methods in the sports zone, including the addition of digital RMB account opening and payment functions, providing customers with a onestop digital RMB payment experience. Strongly supporting the digital transformation of the sports industry, the Bank provided services in four major modes event management, association services, sports consumption vouchers, and sports venue ERP. It has also innovatively launched the CCB Sports Merchant Smart Assistant, focusing on sports venues, upstream and downstream industries, and designated merchants for major sports events. This assistant provided digital solutions for payment acceptance and business management. As at the end of 2023, a total of 273 accounts were opened, with 113, 400 transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB 54. 2984 million. Education for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual life Greyhair Map was cast to provide a living guide for the elderly A special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly services Mutual elderly care innovating the elderly care service supply model Optimizing mobile banking services for the sports industry Enhancing customer service capabilities for the sports industry (both B 2 Band B 2 G)Serving the development of sports industry
71 70 Actively promoting the concept of a healthy China, the Bank organized a variety of thematic activities and events in collaboration with popular occasions such as the Spring Festival, Olympic Day, National Fitness Day, and the China International Import Expo, aswell as major sports events including the National Games and marathons. As at the end of 2023, the Bank had supported the hosting of 9, 125 events or competitions, serving nearly 5. 62 million participants. The Bank actively implemented the decisions and arrangements of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, adhering unwaveringly to the principle of treating all types of real estate enterprises equally and meeting their reasonable financing needs. It closely followed up on the implementation of rental housing work, conducts proactive research, and advances urban village transformation, affordable housing, and other related initiatives under the Three Major Projects, accelerating the supplyside reform of real estate finance. The Bank ensured the delivery of housing projects by providing credit support based on marketoriented and legal principles. It actively explored new models of real estate development, promoting a virtuous cycle between finance and real estate. The Bank, focusing on popular consumer scenarios such as clothing, food, housing, transportation, entertainment, medical care, and elderly care, provided quality consumer financial products and services to support consumption recovery and stimulate latent demand. It injected financial impetus into expanding domestic demand and promoting consumption. Promoting the nationwide fitness trend BOC Hubei Branch provided strong support for the 2023 Wuhan Marathon. As one of the platforms for distributing Wuhan sports consumption vouchers, the Bank distributed Wuhanspecific and generalpurpose vouchers to participants and citizens. It also introduced the innovative virtual digital credit card, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Card, which provided registration fee discounts for selected participants. Additionally, the Bank setup service stations and dedicated rest areas along the race route to provide participants with ample energy supplies and medical support, optimizing their race experience. Financial support for the spirit of the Wuhan Marathon, energizing the City of Wuhan BOC Hubei Branch diligently serves the 2023 Wuhan Marathon. BOC Dalian Branch provides professional financial services such as foreign currency exchange guidance for overseas participants in the 30 th China Bank Cup Asian Junior Squash Championships. BOCHK supports the inaugural China Construction Bank (Hong Kong) Zhuhai Macao Hong Kong Bridge (Hong Kong Section) Half Marathon. The Bank visited various real estate enterprises of different ownership types, including private enterprises, to exchange views on deepening cooperation between banks and enterprises and the financial support for the development of the real estate market, thereby maintaining stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Bank developed supportive financial measures for the rental housing sector, facilitating the establishment of a housing system with multiple suppliers, multiple channels, anda combination of renting and purchasing. It increased loan disbursements and continuously promotes financial support for the development of the rental housing market. Treating different types of real estate enterprises equally Increasing support for rental housing Customer side Ensuring People's Livable and Enjoyable Living Conditions Fully Unleashing Consumer Vitality Leveraging major consumption peaks like ecommerce festivals and Golden Week holidays, the Bank enhanced discounts on Taobao, JD, Ctrip and other platforms. It promoted integral points redemption functions on Alipay, Meituan and others to boost consumption markets through peoplebenefiting payment activities. The Bank increased support for automobile consumption, cooperating with manufacturers to roll out diversified zerointerest and lowinterest subsidized products complementing auto enterprises' promotional activities to reduce residents' financial costs of car purchase. It optimized home decoration installment products according to the actual situation, created distinctive exhibition model that is suitable for the local market situation, and helped improve the quality upgrading of residential consumption, aswell as enhanced the service experience of BOC Einstalment, so as to build the brand Family Consumption Reserve Fund and meet diversified consumption needs of residents. The Bank developed a digital card product system targeting various consumer groups, including business travelers, supermarket shoppers, and sports enthusiasts. It supported the issuance of physical cards for digital cards to facilitate offline usage, especially for crossborder payment scenarios. It simplified the online card application process by enabling oneclick binding with six major quick payment institutions. Once the card is activated, the binding process is tobe automatically completed, enhancing customers' digital card application and usage experiences. Collaborating with China Telecom and China Unicom, the Bank innovated and launched SIM cardbased digital wallet products. These products, characterized by security, reliability universality, convenience, and offline payment sharing, utilized SIM cards issued by telecommunication operators as secure carriers to load digital RMB wallets. They provided more diverse and convenient digital RMB payment experiences in people's daily lives, including consumer spending, public transportation, and campus transactions.
73 72 Merchant side The Bank deepened construction of key business circles in international consumption center cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Guangdong and Shenzhen, carrying out consumption subsidies marketing activities. The Bank increased resource investment and utilization. Under the brand BOC Benefit Day, it collaborated with highquality brands to carry out promotional events for participating merchants, promoting efficient consumption and increasing merchants' operating revenue. To facilitate economic interconnection between Mainland China and Hong Kong and meet the demand for crosscity consumption between the two regions, the Bank relied on crossborder payment methods represented by digital RMB to provide more convenient consumption experiences for residents and invigorate crosscity consumption vitality. In addition, BOCHK and BOC Shenzhen Branch, together with the Futian and Luohu District People's Governments of Shenzhen City, jointly organized the Crossborder Shopping Festival featuring digital RMB consumer red packet giveaways and other promotions. These events provided benefits to customers from Hong Kong and Mainland China, attracting crossborder consumption between the two regions. Digital RMB facilitating crossborder consumption BOC Hainan Branch supports the Digital Benefits in Sanya, Revitalizing Consumption digital RMB consumption month campaign. Hong Kong residents' consumption in Mainland China Collaborating with BOC Shenzhen Branch the Luohu District People's Government of Shenzhen, and Octopus Cards Limited to launch innovative selfservice digital RMB wallet card vending machines, combining the consumption habit of Hong Kong residents and payment scenarios in the Chinese mainland. Targeting Hong Kong residents who visit Shenzhen for shopping and leisure, this service allowed them to easily obtain digital RMB wallet cards without the need for opening a Mainland bank account. It provided convenient consumption experiences, including dining, accommodation, entertainment, shopping, and transportation, aswell as government consumption subsidies. During the 2023 government promotion period, a total of 25, 000 Hong Kong residents actively obtained digital RMB wallet cards in Shenzhen. BOCHK provided digital RMB personal services for local Hong Kong customers. Hong Kong customers registered through BoC Pay could register a digital RMB wallet in Hong Kong and use it in Mainland China. By the end of 2023, the number of registered and activated digital RMB wallets through Bank of China (Hong Kong) had reached 13, 000. Mainland China residents' consumption in Hong Kong BOCHK Introduced digital RMB acquiring services in Hong Kong, allowing nearly 300 Hong Kong merchants to provide digital RMB payment services to Mainland consumers, introducing a new trend of crossborder payments. Disbursing national student loans Supporting the comprehensive implementation of national policy for easing the burden of excessive homework and offcampus tutoring Serving the international development of the education industry The Bank implemented the national policies on interestfree student loans and deferred repayment of such loans and provided a convenient application channel for students to apply for deferred repayment through the Bank of China Student Loan Assistant miniprogram. It quickly implemented the requirements for adjusting the loan amount and interest rate for national student loans and launched the Increase Limit Application feature on mobile banking. The Bank pioneered the introduction of commercial student loans for graduate students, offering creditbased loans with low interest rates, long terms, and flexible repayment methods, better meeting the reasonable study and living needs of fulltime graduate students. By the end of 2023, a total of RMB 26. 773 billion in national student loans was disbursed, supporting over 1. 9 million financially disadvantaged students in completing their studies. The Bank provided online endtoend supervision services for education and training funds to various industry regulatory authorities and offcampus training institutions. By the end of 2023, the Bank had cooperated with nearly 1, 200 education regulatory authorities at the district and county levels, providing fund supervision services to 33, 000 training institutions and assisting 16, 000 offcampus training institutions in connecting to the Ministry of Education's National Offcampus Education and Training Supervision and Service Integrated Platform. The Bank provided comprehensive support services, including crossborder finance and overseas liaison, for the going global initiatives of universities. The Bank deepened cooperation in Sinoforeign vocational education, facilitated crossborder matching for the Luban Workshop project, and enhanced international exchanges in vocational education. The Bank signed a cooperation memorandum with the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to strengthen collaboration in areas such as financial services for foreign experts, international scientific and technological exchanges, and the integration of financial technology development. BOC Zhejiang Branch organizes the Zhejiang Study Abroad Festival for three consecutive years, providing onestop crossborder financial services covering all stages of studying abroad, including study planning, visa application, predeparture preparations, and overseas learning experiences. The Bank has always been at the forefront of supporting the development of national education, using the power of finance to accelerate the construction of a strong education nation. Empowering the development of education
75 74 Providing Highquality Customer Services Guided by the customerfirst service tenet, BOC protects consumers on all fronts, actively responds to what customers are concerned about, extensively imparts financial knowledge, and spares no effort to deliver a firstclass service experience. Consumer protection The Bank has attached great importance to consumer protection, incorporated consumer protection into its corporate governance, corporate culture building, and operation and development strategies, and continuously promoted the deep integration of consumer protection with business development and service management. The Bank fulfils its main responsibility for consumer protection in strict accordance with the Consumer Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Guiding Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Strengthening the Protection of Financial Consumers, and the Consumer Protection Management Measures for Banking and Insurance Institutions. Board of Directors and its special committee Established under the Board of Directors, the Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee is responsible for reviewing consumer protection strategies, policies, and objectives, among other aspects of content; regularly hearing complaint notifications and reports on work and management activities; making recommendations to the Board of Directors; and supervising and evaluating the work done by the Bank in the field of consumer protection, including complaints management and product and service reviews. In 2023, the Bank organized four meetings of the Board of Directors on the theme of consumer protection and four meetings of the committee, to consider and approve 2022 Work Summary and 2023 Work Plan for Consumer Protection, the Consumer Protection Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023), and to regularly hear reports including reports on complaints management across the Bank, regulatory evaluation reports and the work reports from the Senior Management The Board of Directors maintained a high political standing and pursued highlevel stability while seeking progress. They provided comprehensive planning and detailed deployment for the Bank's consumer rights protection work, offering numerous guiding and constructive suggestions to improve the quality and efficiency of consumer protection across the Bank. Senior Management Established under the Executive Committee, the Consumer Protection Committee is responsible for planning and implementing the work in consumer protection with coordinated efforts. In 2023, the committee held five meetings to implement the resolutions and decisions reached by the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, and to make arrangements for advancing the work of consumer protection throughout the Bank. Improving the consumer protection regime Organisational structure The first line of defence (business departments) It fulfils execution responsibilities, and integrates consumer protection requirements into the entire business process. It fulfils supervisory and guiding responsibilities, strengthens the management and application of consumer protection appraisal results, and carries out supervisory inspection on consumer protection ona regular basis every year. It fulfils responsibilities of independent supervision, carries out special audits on consumer protection every year, and collaborates with the Consumer Protection Office to check how problems have been rectified. The second line of defence (Consumer Protection Office)The third line of defence (audit departments) The Consumer Protection Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) was released, which internalised the latest regulatory requirements into the Bank's relevant policies, further expounded on the eight basic rights of consumers, such as the right to security of property, the right to know, and the right to information security, and optimised the mechanism of three lines of defence for consumer protection. The consumer protection highlights for 2023 were documented to provide guidance for the work in the field of consumer protection throughout the year. The internal appraisal policies for consumer protection were refined, with the appraisal results incorporated into the performance appraisal regime aswell as the human resources management regimes such as performance evaluation, post adjustment, and career development. Policy requirements Diversified training and education activities were conducted on the theme of consumer protection, covering a host of key areas such as the interpretation of regulatory provisions, internal policy requirements, consumer protection reviews, complaints management, and protection of personal customer information. Trainees included middle and senior management personnel, primarylevel business personnel, and newly recruited employees. The frequency of complaints handling training was increased for business positions prone to complaints in combination with the full picture of complaints throughout the year. Special training on product and service sales, complaints handling, and other themes were organised in light of what employees actually needed. Online and offline training courses on consumer protection registered a total attendance of over 860, 000 in 2023. Education and training In the year, the Measures for the Management of Consumer Protection Reviews of Bank of China Limited was formulated to specify targets, scope, key points, and process, among other aspects of content related to consumer protection reviews, thus regulating such reviews carried out across the Bank. Financial products and services provided to consumers were assessed and reviewed in the processes of design and development, pricing management, agreement formulation, marketing and publicity, etc., to evaluate how the requirements for the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers were implemented, identify potential risks, and bring forward the timing of risk control. To prevent the risks that might arise from new products or new businesses, consumer protection reviews were carried out for products involving individual consumers at the stages of design and development, risk assessment, and entry into production upon acceptance, so as to effectively enhance the exante review and control capabilities, a prerequisite for mitigating, monitoring, and controlling risks. Consumer protection reviews Executive level The Consumer Protection Office of the Head Office, as the leading department of the Bank for consumer protection, is responsible for organising, coordinating, supervising, and providing guidance on the consumer protection work of all units.
77 76 Strengthening meticulous complaints management Complaints across the Bank and those in key areas were analysed on a regular basis. The briefings on complaints and consumer protection activities were reviewed by bank leaders, and the material issues identified were reported to the Board of Directors and the Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee of the Board of Directors for deliberation and decisionmaking. Efforts were intensified for appraising complaints management in terms of the number of complaints, the percentage of complaints handled on time, the accuracy of information on complaints, and the implementation of diversified mechanisms, among other aspects. The customer complaints management measures were implemented strictly. Channels through which complaints were taken and handled, mainly including business outlets, phone calls, mobile banking, microbanking, and intelligent customer service available on the official website got unimpeded, quickly response to and promptly handling of customer complaints and diversified complaints settlement mechanisms were put in place to provide customers with various solutions for dispute settlement. The online and offline complaints handling processes were disclosed publicly, so as to make it convenient for customers to provide their feedback quickly. The Bank paid particular attention to the areas where customer complaints were concentrated, analysed the causes of complaints, discovered and rectified the problems involved in complaints one by one, and continuously tracked the rectification of such problems, so as to reduce customer complaints from the source. The Bank attached great importance to consumer complaints, took complaints as an important basis for optimising products and services and improving customer satisfaction, took the feedback of customers seriously, got complaint channels unimpeded, standardised the complaints handling process, worked hard to analyse the root causes of complaints and rectify the problems identified from the source, and effectively protected the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. The Bank received 276, 000 customer complaints throughout the year, all of which were handled or closed. Management mechanism Handling process Customer complaints handling processes Onsite complaint Online complaint Customer complaint accepted on site Assess whether the complaint can be addressed onsite Outlet staff hear and record the complaint Staff reply to the customer given the actual circumstances Solve customer problem Yes No Inform the superior or the higherlevel complaints management department of the situation Solve the problem complained about; The higherlevel institution or the relevant department addresses the matter complained about The higherlevel institution provides the feedback of the complaint addressing results Customer satisfaction survey Protecting the safety of customer funds The complaints management system was upgraded, by adding new functions such as automatic collection, downloading, and forwarding of information on complaints referred by the regulatory system and intelligent analysis of complaint cases, optimising some existing functions such as user management and dispute resolution, and enhancing the data analysis capability of relevant systems. Two allemployee training sessions on complaints management were conducted throughout the year around such topics as complaints handling processes and skills, complaints data analysis, requirements for the discovery and rectification of problems, and use of the complaints management system, so as to help staff members better handle and manage customer complaints. In 2023, the Bank conducted an external customer satisfaction survey in collaboration with a thirdparty agency, which covered both individual and corporate customers. In the year, the Bank had an overall customer satisfaction rate of 92. 1, which stood at 90. 5 for individual customers and 96. 4 for corporate customers. The satisfaction rates by customer type were all maintained at a high level. The Bank attached great importance to the protection of customer funds, actively fulfiled its legal responsibilities and obligations in antifraud, and firmly secured wallets of customers. Capacity building The Bank carried out security assessments, hidden hazard screenings, and contingency plan drills, improved outlet security facilities, and optimised the security management platforms, to build up the intelligent security capability. Customer service representatives (CSRs) dealt with risk events as distributed by the security management platform to boost the security risk prevention and control capacity continuously. The duringevent risk control model for corporate customers, the monitoring model for personal account transactions, and other models were optimised to intensify the monitoring of key business areas. As at the end of 2023, new functions such as forewarning and delayed payment were added to the Cyber Defence system, which intercepted 408, 471 suspicious fund transfer transactions in an amount of RMB 6, 021 million, and took protective measures for 124, 892 accounts. Preevent risk control Duringevent monitoring Product fraud risk inspection The Bank brought individual accounts under graded and categorised limit management, put into operation the crossbank account opening verification system and antifraud indicators, and provided multidimensional data to inform outlets while making decisions and analyses regarding account opening. Intelligent security facilities The security management platform was used to monitor conditions such as network interruption, firmware upgrade, and earlywarning equipment failure, and relevant personnel were arranged for equipment maintenance and repair to ensure the effective operation of the security infrastructure facilities. The intelligent surveillance equipment was installed in outlets to generate video structured data and personnel behaviour analysis results to raise security management standards. Agile risk perception IoT devices and detectors were used to automatically identify risks. An innovative mode of security risk forewarning and handling was developed to automatically prioritise risk matters. Customer complaint accepted online Assess whether the complaint can be addressed online instantly Hear and record the complaint Staff reply to the customer given the actual circumstances Solve customer problem Yes Inform the relevant institution or department of the situation Solve the problem complained about; The relevant institution or department addresses the matter complained about The relevant institution or department provides the feedback of the complaint addressing results No
79 78 Ongoing screening was performed using the fraudrelated transaction data provided by regulators and the data on transactions intercepted by its own models. Fraudinvolved accounts were controlled in a timely manner. Policebank collaboration was intensified to carry out antifraud publicity activities from multiple perspectives, improve antifraud skills of employees, and enhance the antifraud awareness of the public. Postevent management Senior citizens Promoting financial literacy BOC worked hard to effectively enhance financial literacy and educate financial consumers. It advanced intensive awarenessraising efforts on regulatory themes and regular financial literacy measures, focused on key population groups to close the last mile gap in access to financial knowledge, and helped consumers comprehend financial products and services correctly, thus enhancing the financial literacy of the public. In 2023, BOC conducted 75, 000 consumer protection awareness activities, which covered about 800 million consumers. In 2023, the Bank actively participated in or organised the March 15 Consumer Protection Awareness Week Financial Consumer Rights Day, Protecting Your Pockets Popularising Financial Knowledge Series in Chinese Banking Industry, and Financial Consumer Protection Education and Publicity Month, among other intensive financial literacy campaigns as instructed by regulators, with a view to enhancing financial literacy among consumers. The Bank innovated the regular education and publicity mechanism, extensively carried out education and publicity activities targeted at financial consumers, cited cases as a deterrent on its official website or We Chat official account, organised competitions to solicit news materials on consumer protection and creative works about financial education and publicity, and promptly updated the content in the financial literacy zone through various channels. Intensive financial literacy initiatives Regular financial literacy measures BOC Shanxi Branch 3. 15 Consumer Rights Protection Day, Financial Knowledge for the Benefit of All themed promotional event, in which sketch comedies are performed to disseminate financial knowledge to the public in an entertaining and easytounderstand manner. BOC Sichuan Branch creates the first Fin Tech demonstration hall in the province, which is divided into eight areas, such as Intelligent Sensing BOC, eCNY Innovation Application Laboratory, and Interactive Experience, to raise the sense of responsibility among consumers by combining finance with technology. BOC Anhui Branch builds a 150 m 2 financial education demonstration base, which uses all sorts of media technologies and means to make financial literacy a more attractive and appealing process. The first Blue Vest education demonstration base in the national banking industry is established by BOC Guangdong Branch to create immersive experiences at business halls on the theme of protecting seniors from financial fraud. Differentiated financial literacy efforts The Bank prioritised spreading the concept of rational investment, financial fraud prevention skills, and other areas of knowledge, and helped the elderly learn to use smart devices and mobile phone apps such as the mobile banking app. Its attentive financial services were effective in imparting financial knowledge to senior citizens and adapting them to digital life. BOC Consumer Finance, in cooperation with the Beijing Financial Street Service Bureau, Beijing Financial Street Subdistrict, and other units, held the Fraud Fighter in the Community campaign to raise the awareness of antifraud among community residents through a variety of activities such as giving onsite lectures of antifraud knowledge, distributing antifraud pamphlets, and playing interactive games.
81 80 Financial classes for people with disabilities were held at special education schools, which focused on disseminating knowledge of anticounterfeiting, telecommunication & network fraud prevention, and other themes in an easytounderstand approach to students with special needs who had limited contacts with other people and weak ability to identify false information, so as to better meet their financial needs. People with disabilities New citizens Rural residents Young people BOC Sichuan Branch launches the Financial Consumer Protection on Campus promotional activity, where flash mobs are invited to popularise financial knowledge through interesting interactions and performances. Through its close partnerships with universities and colleges, the Bank illustrated typical cases of illegal borrowing to students, disseminating financial knowledge such as personal credit records and rational consumption. By doing so, it aimed to raise the awareness of risks and develop a concept of rational borrowing among the youth. The Bank started with imparting basic financial knowledge much needed by new citizens and recommending basic financial products and services to new citizens, in an effort to enhance financial convenience and accessibility. The Bank reminded new citizens of the common manifestations of illegal financial activities, the protection of personal financial information, and the importance of rational spending and rational borrowing & lending, so as to help them better identify and avoid illegal financial activities such as money laundering crimes. The Bank visited enterprises to carry out educational and promotional activities for employees who were new citizens, and created alive streaming channel on the theme of financial consumer protection, explaining general financial knowledge and support policies on inclusive lending, foreign exchange, and pension to employees and online consumers. Combining financial consumer protection with rural revitalisation, the Bank helped villagers have a command of basic financial knowledge and antifraud skills and raise their awareness of financial security by disseminating financial knowledge in the countryside, providing financial services at villages, giving oneonone explanations, and adopting other practical actions close to the public. Providing quality customer services The Bank vigorously expanded online channels to enhance the experience of mobile banking customers. To show humanistic care for the ageing, the Business Outlet Standards for Serving the Elderly of Bank of China was formulated to provide more convenient and secure services for senior citizens and better protect their rights and interests at outlets. Relying on Fin Tech, the Bank extended the reach of government affairs services to bring more customer groups a more convenient and considerate service experience. In 2023, the Bank pursued the technologyempowering approach to upgrading its mobile banking service capacity. As at the end of 2023, personal mobile banking of the Bank had over 87. 76 million monthly active customers, representing a yearonyear increase of 15. 17, and the overseas version of personal mobile banking was available in 30 countries and regions worldwide and in 12 languages. Optimising the basic functions of mobile banking The time range of transaction bank statement printing was expanded; the function of expiration reminder was added to debit cards, which allowed replacement of cards upon appointment. With respect to crossborder business, payroll FX settlement was available in a larger number of currencies. The process of crossborder remittance was optimised so customers could calculate the exchange rate, handling fee, and other information on a pilot basis before initiating remittance transactions. Enhancing the wealth management capabilities of mobile banking Key investment and wealth management products and services were optimised. New fund function zones such as fund selection, featured fixed investment, indices, and selfservice toolbox were added to provide customers with more highquality and efficient online fund selection tools. Improving services for key customer segments in mobile banking For the elderly customer segment, personal pension services were enriched by adding features like appointmentbased account opening, retirement tax calculators, and pensionrelated information. A Tibetan language version of mobile banking was launched to bridge the digital divide faced by customers in ethnic minority regions. The Beautiful Countryside feature was optimized, offering exclusive loan products for rural households and providing improved information services through the Rural Learning Center, thereby enhancing the customer experience in rural areas. Introducing a new overseas version of personal mobile banking The overseas version 6. 0 of personal mobile banking was launched to match special features with countries and regions, thus delivering a more diversified customer service and improving customer experience. Sharing digital value with society through mobile banking
83 82 The Bank rolled out the Silver Harbour service enhancement initiative to create agefriendly service outlets. Barrierfree ramps were built or relevant personnel were arranged to facilitate access of elderly customers to outlets; and staff members accompanied older customers while they were waiting in line and provided them with counselling and guidance. As at the end of 2023, all outlets of the Bank provided presbyopia glasses and courtesy seats and the Bank setup 853 agefriendly demonstration outlets. Unveiling the Silver Harbour initiative BOC Suzhou Branch is equipped with intelligent and agefriendly software and hardware facilities to better meet the financial needs of elderly groups. BOC Shanxi Branch provides onetoone guidance and explanations about the use of smart counters for elderly customers. Creating and Sharing the Diverse Value of Charity The Bank has always regarded supporting public welfare undertakings and improving people's wellbeing as an essential part of fulfilling its social responsibilities. It actively leverages its global advantages and comprehensive strengths to engage in diverse public welfare practices worldwide through various means, such as implementing public welfare donation projects, establishing public welfare and charity platforms, and encouraging employees to actively participate involuntary public welfare activities. The Bank created various scenarios where smart counters could be used for dealing with government affairs. As at the end of 2023, more than 1, 100 government affairs services were available over smart counters of more than 5, 300 outlets, covering the fields of social security, medical insurance, taxation, public security, justice, civil affairs, and provident fund, etc., thus saving people from running unnecessary errands with the help of data. In addition, the Bank increased the services related to innovative application of social security cards, creating a new ecosystem where social security cards could be used for the convenience and benefit of the public. Social security cards could be issued over smart counters directly and rapidly, giving customers a better experience. Meanwhile, the Bank optimised the process of social security card replacement, allowing users to replace their old card with anew one of the identical number instantly. It supported the issuance of social security cards added with transport functions in multiple places, amove to provide threeinone services of social security, finance, and transport. As at the end of 2023, 122 million physical social security cards and 33. 91 million electronic social security cards were issued in total across the Bank. Advancing intelligent government affairs services to benefit more people BOCHK supports the Gazing at Sanxingdui New Archaeological Discoveries in Sichuan special exhibition to help Hong Kong people and overseas visitors better understand the ancient Sichuan civilisation. Conducting Charitable Donations In 2023, various branches and institutions of the Bank (excluding BOCHK) carried out more than 300 public welfare donation projects, covering areas such as rural revitalization, science and technology, education, and disaster relief, with total donations exceeding RMB 94 million. In 2023, the Bank launched over 190 donation projects related to rural revitalization, actively leveraging the thirdround distribution function of charitable donations, promoting the effective integration of poverty alleviation achievements with rural revitalization. For 21 consecutive years, the Bank has donated to and supported the Tan Kah Kee Science Award, honoring original scientific and technological achievements and talents in China. For the past decade, the Bank has backed the Xiamen University Teaching Excellence Award program. Over the past five years, it has supported the University of Science and Technology of China in attracting overseas highend talents and developing key disciplines under the Double First Class initiative. Additionally, for five consecutive years, the Bank has contributed to the Student Aid Program of the Chongqing University Education Development Foundation, actively supporting the construction of a powerful nation inscience and technology, aswell as ineducation. Embodying the spirit of lending a hand in times of need, in 2023, the Bank donated relief funds to the regions affected by severe rainstorms and floods in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, and Northeast China, aswell as to the earthquakestricken areas in Gansu, Qinghai, and Turkey. It has actively participated in and supported disaster relief and postdisaster reconstruction efforts in various forms. Concurrently, as a major commercial bank rooted in Hong Kong for over a century and an internationalized regional bank, BOCHK has actively contributed to the longterm development and prosperity of Hong Kong through charitable efforts over the years. In 2023, it collaborated with multiple charitable organizations, community partners, and universities to actively engage in public welfare practices across various domains, including poverty alleviation, youth development, environmental protection and carbon reduction, arts and culture, aswell as innovation and technology.
85 84 Sparing no efforts to provide paired assistance BOC formulated the 2023 Work Plan for Paired Assistance, proposing more than 50 concrete tasks in aspects such as industrial development, talent cultivation, cultural building, and ecological progress and organizational revitalisation to support the four counties in Xianyang City, Shaanxi receiving paired assistance for rural revitalisation from Head Office, that is, Chunhua, Yongshou, Changwu, and Xunyi (hereinafter referred to as four counties of Xianyang ). Invested RMB 80. 57 million of antipoverty funding to the four counties of Xianyang, introduced RMB 7. 47 million of antipoverty grant funding. Organised training courses for 32 thousand local primarylevel officials, rural revitalisation leaders, and technicians from the four counties of Xianyang. Directly benefiting 650 thousand people in the four counties of Xianyang. Implemented 101 assistance projects around industry, infrastructure, education, health, etc. And sold RMB 215 million worth of agricultural products from areas just shaking off poverty across the country. Increasing varieties of financial services Making greater progress in investment invitation Leveraging financial strengths The Bank explored anew approach to governmentbankenterprise cooperation, through which it provided the four counties of Xianyang with the County Financial Advisor professional services, including investment and financing diagnosis, policy consultation, and guidance for investment invitation. Relying on the mechanism of forming pairs of investment invitation between branches and the four counties of Xianyang designated to receive assistance, the BOC e Enterprise service platform, and the great opportunities brought about by the organisation of largescale activities, the Bank effectively held investment invitation sessions to match the supply and demand of enterprises in the four counties of Xianyang. It attracted investment of RMB 562 million in the four counties of Xianyang throughout 2023.(The data above are available for the whole year of 2023.) Intensifying training for agriculturerelated personnel Various onsite trainings such as a training course course for rural revitalisation leaders from Xianyang, including the four counties in the city, anda seminar on financial innovation and capital operation were held, with more than 3, 000 participants on site. Over ten video courses on the theme of rural revitalisation were developed, registering an attendance of 32, 000 persons throughout the year, who could be divided into three categories, that is, primarylevel officials, rural revitalisation leaders, and technicians. Implementing free aid projects Actively providing assistance through consumption Stablising nonreimbursable inputs The No Relapse into Poverty insurance programme was continued to cover all 650, 000 rural residents in the four counties of Xianyang. The Bank carried out more than 20 free aid projects in the fields of education and medical care, flood control and relief, housing and drinking water safety, digital governance, etc., so as to enhance the living standards of local people. Staff from overseas institutions of the Bank conducted the BOC Overseas Lectures programme for primary and secondary school teachers and students in the four counties of Xianyang, which registered an attendance of more than 1, 000 persons throughout the year. BOC bought products from rural areas to consolidate and enhance the results achieved in offering paired assistance. The BOC Exhibition Area for Paired Assistance was setup at the Sixth China International Import Expo, China International Consumer Products Expo 2023, and China Arab States Expo, to publicise and display the image of the four counties in Xianyang and their special agricultural products. The Bank carried out the Autumn Consumption Season activity, buying agricultural and sideline products from areas that just shook off poverty across the country and helping these areas sell their products. During the activity, it bought and sold agricultural and sideline products in these areas worth over RMB 40 million. For the year as a whole, the agricultural products bought and sold on behalf by the Bank exceeded RMB 215 million, of which products worth approx. RMB 40 million came from the four counties of Xianyang. Zhongyi Shanyuan sold more than RMB 192 million of agricultural products from areas that just shook off poverty throughout the year, of which RMB 30, 193, 900 of agricultural products came from the four counties of Xianyang. The Rural Revitalisation Forest public welfare project was carried out, in which all staff members of the Bank made donations of RMB 787, 600 to coplant 7, 705 apple trees in the four counties of Xianyang throughout the year, which effectively helped local orchardists increase the yield of fruits and income. The Charity China Consumption Assistance zone was added to the BOC Expresspay Microservice We Chat official account, guiding cardholders to participate in the consumption assistance drive. Members of the support team in Changwu County helped local farmers harvest Xianyang Malan Red apples. Employees publicise and promote the agricultural products and supports from the four counties of Xianyang over the BOC Live Streaming Channel during the China International Import Expo.
87 86 Diversifying public benefit practices Committed to developing finance for the common good, the Bank made the world a better place with its concrete efforts. In 2023, a total of over 700 volunteer service activities were carried out by the Communist of Youth League (CYL) organisations at all levels, involving a total of over 30, 000 CYL members, who served more than 528, 000 people in a total of nearly 20, 000 hours. The recipients of service covered students and teachers, community residents, enterprise employees, farmers, elderly people living alone, and leftbehind children, among others. Volunteers were organised to provide services for important events such as the China International Import Expo, ChinaASEAN Exposition, and China International Fair for Trade in Services. Integrating the Concept of Public Welfare into Domestic Commercial Banking Operations The Bank promoted the innovative integration of finance and charity, created innovative service modes such as charitable trusts of mixed property and charitable trusts of reward point donations, and devoted trust property to many public welfare areas such as rural revitalisation, education, healthcare, and arts. As at the end of 2023, the Bank assisted clients in setting up over 50 charitable trusts to meet their individual charitable needs to facilitate the tertiary distribution. For the tenth consecutive year, the BOC Private Enjoyment Love Spring Bud project, launched in cooperation with the China Children and Teenagers Fund as a public welfare platform for the Bank's customers and employees, has provided financial support for students in areas just shaking off poverty. As at the end of 2023, the project made donations of over RMB 16 million to more than 4, 500 students to help them finish school. BOC Gansu Branch and BOC Qinghai Branch moved quickly to provide assistance, after a 6. 2 magnitude earthquake struck Jishishan County, Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture, Gansu Province. They donated more than 20, 000 pieces of purchased relief goods such as daily necessities and heating equipment with a total value of more than RMB 1 million in kind and RMB 1. 3 million in cash to earthquakestricken areas for emergency relief and postdisaster reconstruction. Young employees of the two branches spontaneously made donations to the disasterstricken people. BOC Hebei Branch donated RMB 3. 3 million in kind and RMB 950, 000 in cash to the floodaffected areas of the province through the Hebei Charity Joint Foundation to support the postflood reconstruction of the Gaobeidian Municipal Government, Baoding and the repair of flooded local farmland and motorpumped wells. BOC Guangdong Branch arranged its young volunteers to visit Shantian Primary School at Luoping Town, where they helped improve the campus environment by donating books, repairing classrooms, and equipping additional broadcasting systems. BOC Tianjin Branch organised the BOC Ride on World Cycling Day activity, in which a cycling team comprising employees and cycling enthusiasts practised a healthy lifestyle with practical actions. BOC Sharing Station at Guangdong Branch To further practise the philosophy of finance for the people, the Bank in 2023 upgraded the BOC Public Service Corners originally set up in its business outlets into the BOC Sharing Stations. It joined hands with the All China Federation of Trade Unions to build these service stations together for outdoor workers such as sanitation workers, taxi drivers, traffic police, couriers, and volunteers aswell as new citizens. As at the end of 2023, 8, 888 BOC Sharing Stations were established in 37 provinces (municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions) across China. BOC Sharing Stations for the benefit of the public
89 88 BOC Fujian Branch carries outwith other units the BOC in Action fora Greener World activity, at which employee volunteers use the mobile banking app to record their steps and exchange their online steps for trees planted offline. Promoting Peopleto People Connections through Globalization As the most globalized Chinese bank, the Bank continuously enhanced the wellbeing of communities where it operates, organizing a series of local activities related to disaster relief, educational support, cultural exchanges, environmental protection, and more. After a hurricane hit the state of Guerrero, Mexico, BOC (Mexico) mobilized employees to donate food, sanitation supplies, and other urgently needed materials worth more than MXN 20, 000 in the first place. As the president of the local association of Chinesefunded enterprises, it organised member units to make donations to the disasterstricken areas. Through the Big Brothers Big Sisters of New York City BBBS of NYC career volunteer mentor programme, BOC New York Branch employees work oneonone with local high school students from lowincome families, providing them with academic, life, and career counselling. BOC (Central and Eastern Europe) organised teachers and students from the Hungarian Chinese Bilingual School to attend the Chinese Bridge Confucius Classroom summer camp in China, which introduced Chinese history and culture to attendees, promoting international friendly exchanges. BOC (Thai) worked with Thailand Association for the Blind to organise a braille promotion seminar, sharing China's experience in braille education with teaching staff from 15 Thai educational institutions. BOC (Macao) supported the organisation of the National Art Troupes Performance Season in Macao series of activities to strengthen communication and cooperation between the Chinese mainland and the Macao SAR in the field of culture and arts. BOC (Canada) employees devoted their spare time to planting trees in senior living communities, so as to create a beautiful and comfortable environment for elderly citizens there. 1 3 BOC Geneva Branch participates in the 3 rd Asian Culture Festival in Geneva to promote traditional Chinese culture. For the ninth consecutive year, BOC London Branch participates in the City of London Charity Day activity, at which Chinese paintings and calligraphy works, traditional costumes, and handicrafts from the UK and the BRI participating countries are displayed and sold for charity to support the development and cultural integration of the local community. 1 3 2 4 BOC Brussels Branch staff make donations in cash and in kind to the earthquakestricken areas in Turkey and Syria. BOC Johannesburg Branch donates ZAR 2 million to support a local underprivileged primary school reconstruction programme in cooperation with African banks to help improve basic education facilities in South Africa. 2 4
Building the Cultural Silk Road and Constructing a Bridge of Hearts for Humanity In November 2023, as the conductor of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra raised his baton, the Friendship Spanning Half a Century - the 50 th Anniversary Concert of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra's visit to China, supported by the Bank, began with the passionate Candide and the melodious opening of Er Quan Ying Yue. Established in 1900, the Philadelphia Orchestra is one of the top five symphony orchestras in the United States. In 1973, it became the first Western symphony orchestra to perform in China after the establishment of the People's Republic of China. The orchestra's visit marked the beginning of SinoUS cultural exchange and has played a positive role in promoting the development of SinoUS relations over the past half century. Art transcends time and space, and becomes vibrant and enriched through exchanges and mutual learning. From supporting Mei Lanfang's performances in the United States to sponsoring the China tour of the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Bank actively supports global cultural initiatives, respects the diversity of world civilizations, and adheres to the principles of equality, mutual learning, dialogue, and inclusiveness. It is committed to being a financial envoy for cultural exchanges in the new journey. In 2023, the Bank, in collaboration with the China Foreign Cultural Exchange Association, supported a series of cultural exchange activities worldwide, striving to create a new situation of peopletopeople exchanges, cultural integration, and mutual understanding among countries, and contributing to the creation of a beautiful world where different cultures coexist harmoniously. The 50 Years of Friendship Special Anniversary Concert of the Philadelphia Orchestra's 1973 China Tour takes place in Beijing with the support of the Bank. In January 2023, Happy Chinese New Year Global Festival In March 2023, Strings Resonating East and West - Chinese Ethnic Music Concert In April 2023, China Egypt Ethnic Music Concert In July 2023, China Foreign Youth Cultural Exchange Camp As a global strategic partner, the Bank supported the Happy Chinese New Year global event in 2023. This event featured nearly 500 square celebrations and Spring Festival cultural activities in over 100 countries and regions, with offline activities reaching nearly 20 million people and online and television programs reaching over 1 billion viewers. It allowed people around the world to share the joyous atmosphere of the Chinese New Year and experience the unique charm of Chinese traditional culture. The Bank supported the joint performance of the Central National Orchestra, Beijing Opera Theater, the Madrid Regional Symphony Orchestra, and Flamenco Band from Spain. Artists from both countries collaborated to perform new compositions that blended the characteristics of Chinese and Western music, such as Drunken Concubine, I Love You, China, Sunshine Forever Shining on Our Friendship, Spanish Bullfight, and Rose Tango, creating a unique and enchanting charm of unity. The Bank supported the joint performance of Chinese ethnic musicians from the Central National Orchestra and Egyptian ethnic musicians in the Giza Pyramids Historic Site in Cairo. They presented innovative and exquisite Chinese classics and original compositions, such as the erhu ensemble Horse Racing, the flowerdrum lantern grand percussion Flower Umbrella and Orchid, and the chamber music Dunhuang, showcasing their craftsmanship and creativity. In May 2023, Tea and the World Elegant Gathering Event The Bank supported the Tea and the World Elegant Gathering event held globally, where more than 200 guests, including ambassadors and diplomats from various countries, representatives of international organizations, relevant government departments, local provincial governments, industry associations, and related companies, were invited to attend the opening ceremony. Through activities such as tea tasting, painting appreciation, flower viewing, fragrance smelling, and listening to the guqin, the guests had an immersive experience of the colorful Chinese tea culture. The Bank supported the 2023 China Foreign Youth Cultural Exchange Camp held in Beijing and Shandong, inviting foreign youth representatives and Chinese university students to engage in cultural exchange activities centered around the theme of Exploring the Origins of Chinese Civilization. During the camp, Chinese and foreign youth visited the Palace Museum, the National Museum, Mutianyu Great Wall, and Lao She Teahouse. They explored and discovered the development process of Chinese civilization, absorbed cultural nourishment, and appreciated cultural charm. In November 2023, Cultural Silk Road Art Exhibition The Bank supported the Cultural Silk Road art exhibition held in Hangzhou, Huzhou, Shaoxing and other places in Zhejiang where 84 artists from 83 countries were invited to experience the beautiful scenery in China, appreciated the cultural heritage of China, engaged in extensive and indepth exchanges with Chinese artists, aiming to carry out art collection and creation. The related creative works were showcased at the cultural Silk Road collection exhibition. 91 90
93 92 Artworks from the Cultural Silk Road exhibition Chinese and foreign youth participate in cultural exchange activities. Guests from China and abroad experience tea culture. Chinese Ethnic Music Concert - East Meets West
95 94 Relying on the BOC Philanthropy platform and the BOC Charity Foundation, the Bank explored combining finance, public welfare, and Internet to attain humanistic social development. The BOC Philanthropy platform cooperated with charity organisations across the country to promote fundraising projects for charity. In 2023, the platform attracted 67 social organisations as members and rolled out 124 fundraising activities, raising nearly RMB 25 million from 778, 400 donations. Enriching the Public Welfare Landscape through Diversified Operations Pooling together financial strengths to develop public interest programmes To support the construction of colleges and universities and talent development, the Bank created a comprehensive service platform for oncampus charity called BOC Campus Charity. As at the end of 2023, the platform established partnerships with 116 colleges and universities, and announced 291 online charitable fundraising activities in the fields of teaching and research, school construction, student training, faculty development, scholarships, and social practice of students, etc., channeling charitable resources available across society into campuses. Optimising the fundraising service experience A new version of the Campus Charity homepage went online, where a section titled Find Your Alma Mater section was added. The donation page exclusive to colleges and universities was created, where the name of the donation certificate could be customised, the time limit for online voucher application was extended, and the donor information forms supported customised collection. With the help of the platform, university foundations could better carry out public fundraising activities. Exploring a mode for public interest cooperation The Hunan Provincial Education Foundation, Fujian Provincial Education Foundation, Shanghai Sports Development Foundation, and Wuping County Charity Federation joined the BOC Philanthropy platform to jointly provide efficient fundraising services for local universities and secondary schools. Expanding services of public interests at colleges and universities As one of the earliest large commercial banks in China to explore diversified operations, the Bank's businesses cover investment banking, asset management, insurance, direct investment, leasing, consumer finance, and fintech. Leveraging its diversified strengths, the Bank proactively assumed social responsibilities and actively encouraged its comprehensive operating companies to enrich and innovate public welfare practices. BOC Commerce carries out the Voice for Love, Dream for the Future volunteer service activity, collecting donations fora school for the deaf and accompanying children with special needs to play games and basketball, sending warmth and care to disadvantaged children. 1 2 BOCSamsung Life works with the Palace Museum and the China Siyuan Foundation to donate schoolbags packed with books on calligraphy, painting, architecture, history, and culture to rural students. 1 32 BOC Aviation staff team upwith an environmental organisation called Clean Coasts to help coastal cleanup efforts in Dublin. BOCG Investment joined hands with the Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon, a Hong Kong charity, to organise the Lok Sin Tong Charity Walk 2023 activity, during which the money of over HKD 1 million was raised to provide local young people with a full range of services including schoolbased counselling, leadership training, and career planning to support their allaround development. BOC Commerce carried out the Care for Children volunteer service activity, through which it donates more than 200 pieces of supplies such as picture books, teaching aids, and toys toa private nonprofit organisation dedicated to taking care of hearingimpaired, mentallyimpaired, and autistic children, and creates handmade crafts with the resident children there. 3
97 96 Upholding Integrity and Fostering Innovation Laying the Groundwork for Exceptional Growth Robust and effective corporate governance serves as a solid foundation for financial institutions to spearhead reforms and is a vital safeguard for achieving sustainable, highquality growth. The Bank continues to optimize its corporate governance mechanisms, seamlessly integrating efforts to reinforce the Party's comprehensive leadership with enhancing corporate governance, in order to guide and underpin the Group's sustainable development. The Bank cultivates a professional and competent talent pool to foster innovative drive among the employees. It proactively embraces the new wave of digital finance, leveraging enterprisewide architecture building to facilitate the Group's digital transformation and provide robust support for reshaping the Group's technological innovation capabilities and business service capabilities. It champions balanced financial openness and security, steadfastly upholding the bottom line of preventing systemic financial risks. The Bank remains unwavering in fulfilling its main responsibilities for exercising full and strict selfgovernance over the Party, rigorously observing the bottom line of legal and regulatory compliance, and effectively enhancing ideological, political and actionoriented awareness to proactively identify and mitigate major risks. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Governance 97 96
99 98 Party Building as A Guiding Beacon The year 2023 marked the beginning of fully implementing the spirit of the 20 th CPC National Congress. Over the past year, under the resolute leadership of the CPC Central Committee, the newly appointed Party committee of the Bank has steadfastly embraced the guiding principles of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era. With a firm commitment to prioritize political development within the Party, the Bank has wholeheartedly implemented the core tenets of the 20 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. The Bank has delved deep into and faithfully executed the directives from the National Organization Work Conference, the Central Financial Work Conference, and the Central Economic Work Conference. Furthermore, it reinforced the primary responsibility of Party committees at all levels to govern and uphold Party integrity, ensuring that the top leader assumes the foremost accountability, while all members of the leadership team fulfill their dual roles effectively. Concurrently, the Bank has actively engaged in thematic education focused on understanding and embodying Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, comprehensively advancing various facets of Party development, thereby providing a robust assurance for propelling endeavors of the Bank towards highquality growth. Upholding the Party's Overall Leadership Strengthening the Building of Primarylevel Party Organizations Cementing the Ideological Foundation The Bank remains committed to the centralized and unified leadership of the CPC Central Committee regarding financial matters and steadfastly implements the Party's overarching leadership in this area. It continuously reinforces the Party's guidance while enhancing corporate governance, strengthening the Party Committee's preresearch and decisionmaking processes regarding significant operational and managerial issues, and ensuring a more effective role for the Party Committee in directing, supervising, and ensuring implementation. The Bank's Party Committee fully executes its primary responsibilities, regularly receiving reports on Party building work, and enhances organizational leadership effectively. It conscientiously implements the practice of discussing the first topic at Party Committee meetings and consistently follows up on the three ledgers to ensure the comprehensive implementation of the significant speeches, instructions, and decisions of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the CPC Central Committee throughout the Bank. The Bank reinforces its organizational structure and enhances the political and organizational functions of Party organizations at all levels. It firmly establishes the responsibility for Party building work at all levels and rigorously evaluates and assesses the performance of Party secretaries at every level in Party building. It comprehensively strengthens the assessment of Party building, evaluating the work and effectiveness of Party building across all units from various angles such as political, ideological, organizational, and disciplinary construction. It prioritizes primarylevel Party building, continuously rectifying weak and lax primarylevel Party organizations, and compiles and disseminates materials for primarylevel Party organizations. It consolidates the construction of the Party member team, extensively engaging in activities such as learning from exemplary individuals around us and contributing to the work we do, vigorously selecting role models, and establishing a leading pattern of a thousand red flags and ten thousand pioneers. It advances the construction of Partymass service centers and consistently promotes the deep integration of Party building and business operations. The Bank comprehensively strengthens ideological construction and remains committed to using Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era to nurture the spirit. Firmly conducting thematic education With unambiguous political stances, the Party Committee of the Bank has solidly launched education activities to study and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, in line with the unified plan of the CPC Central Committee. Fully capturing the general requirements to study the theories, strengthen Party spirit, stress practice and achieve new outcomes, the Bank has closely anchored the fundamental tasks and specific goals of the education activities, advanced key measures as a whole, and made remarkable progress in studying to bolster convictions, enrich wisdom, promote integrity and motivate actions. This has helped resolve a range of issues that the CPC Central Committee cares deeply about, constrain the Bank's highquality development, and respond to people's concerns. Concentrating on strengthening the innovative theoretical armament of the Party The theoretical learning center groups of Party committees at all levels play a leading role in promoting learning, and make sustained efforts in combining learning with practice and guiding practice. Primarylevel Party organizations carry out extensive learning activities through three meetings and one lesson and themed Party days. The spirit of the 20 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is incorporated as a compulsory course in Party schools at all levels and in all types of training courses, and the learning, publicity, and implementation of the spirit are being well implemented. Thoroughly studying and implementing the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference The Party Committee of the Bank promptly convened an enlarged meeting to convey and study the spirit of the conference, organizing comprehensive training for all domestic senior officers. After research, the Bank has established a 1 N work system to study, propagate, and implement the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference. In collaboration with the Xicheng District Committee of Beijing, it cohosted the inaugural Financial Street Party Building Forum, aiming to consolidate regional party building efforts and leverage highquality party building to guide and promote highquality financial development in the new era.
101 100 Enhancing Corporate Governance Efficiency The Bank sets outstanding corporate governance as a key objective, continuously refining the system of modern financial enterprise with Chinese characteristics. It rigorously adheres to capital market and industry regulatory rules, closely monitors international and domestic regulatory trends, actively explores and innovates corporate governance practices, and enhances the modernization level of corporate governance. Strengthening the corporate governance system The Bank adheres to the principles of strictness, keeping pace with the implementation of regulatory requirements for capital market. It improves the corporate governance framework with the Shareholders' Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management as the main bodies, each with welldefined responsibility and authority and all operating smoothly. The special committees under the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors effectively fulfill their duties and operate actively and efficiently. Corporate governance structure Shareholders' Meeting Board of Directors Board of Supervisors Board Office Asset and Liability Management Committee Fin Tech Committee Green Finance Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Duty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Finance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Inclusive Finance Committee Digital Finance Committee Securities Investment and Management Committee Pension Finance Committee Crossborder Finance Committee Asset Management Business Committee Consumer Protection Committee Strategic Development Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Audit Committee Risk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee Connected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management Committee Audit Department Board of Supervisors Office Risk Management and internal Control Committee Composition of the Board of Directors by age Age 60 and above Age between 55 and 60 Age below 5535. 7 35. 7 28. 6 Composition of the Board of Directors by nationality Directors from Mainland China Directors from other countries and regions Directors from Macau, Hong Kong, and Taiwan 71. 4 14. 3 14. 3 Composition of the Board of Directors by title Independent directors Nonexecutive directors Executive directors 42. 9 14 14 5 1 521. 4 35. 7 Work experience of member of the Board of Directors by industry Number of directors with work experience in finance Number of directors with work experience in economy Number of nonexecutive directors in the Audit Committee with knowledge of the financial industry Number of nonexecutive directors in the Audit Committee with accounting financial management expertise Number of nonexecutive directors with risk management expertise Senior Management (the Executive Committee) Antimoney Laundering Committee Asset Disposal Committee Credit Risk Management and Decisionmaking Committee Connected Transactions Office (Note The data above are available as at the end of 2023.)
103 102 The Bank attaches great importance to and actively fulfills the decisionmaking and supervisory roles of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors in the fields of ESG, including green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection, targeted assistance, and charity. It effectively enhances the level of ESG management. In 2023, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the 2022 Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited (Environmental, Social, Governance), Business Plan of SME Services Department of Bank of China Limited for 2023, Summary of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection of Bank of China Limited for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023, Bank of China Limited Application for Special Amount of Targeted Assistance in External Donation and other proposals. It listened to the Report on the Development of Green Finance of Bank of China Limited in 2022 and the Report on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection of Bank of China Limited in 2022, and promoted the improvement of ESG management and performance at a higher level. In 2023, the Board of Supervisors of the Bank diligently fulfilled its duties, based on its functions of strategic oversight, performance evaluation, financial supervision, risk management, and internal control. It continued to oversee the work of the Board of Directors and senior management in the ESG domain. The Board of Supervisors reviewed and approved the 2022 Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited (Environmental, Social, Governance), and issued supervision and evaluation opinions on the performance of duties of the Board of Directors, the senior management and their members in 2022, the implementation of the Bank's strategy in 2022 and the performance of the bank in protection of consumers' rights and interests. The Board of Supervisors made timely supervision suggestions on key ESG areas such as green finance, inclusive finance, information security, risk prevention and control, and environmental and climate risks, carried out key supervision such as serving the country's arrangement for expansion of domestic demand, consolidating the advantages of globalization, and serving the China's highlevel openingup, and effectively played a constructive role in supervising the performance of ESG responsibilities by the Bank. The Bank's internal audit function serves as the third line of defence for comprehensive risk management by carrying out general audits and special audits to independently assess the appropriateness and effectiveness of the Group's governance, operations, risk management and internal controls. In 2023, the Bank's internal audit function adhered to the principle of risk orientation, focusing on significant risk vulnerabilities and weak links. It organized routine audits and economic responsibility audits for 20 domestic branches, overseas institutions, and comprehensive operation companies. Additionally, it implemented 32 special audit projects, including Followup Special Audit of Internet Loan Rectification, Special Audit of Telecommunications Network Fraudrelated Accounts, and Special Audit of Consumer Rights Protection, providing audit recommendations, supervising audit rectification, and playing a forwardlooking role in audits to support the Group's steady operation and achieve higherquality development. The Bank formulated the Implementation Rules for Performance Evaluation of Directors and Supervisors Dispatched to Comprehensive Operation Companies of Bank of China Limited (2023) to regulate the performance of directors and supervisors dispatched to comprehensive operation companies, promote their performance capabilities, and improve the governance of comprehensive operation companies. The Bank continues to strengthen the governance mechanism of overseas subsidiaries, effectively enhancing the performance of directors and supervisors. In 2023, the Bank conducted a thorough review and revision of regulations related to the governance of overseas subsidiaries, strengthened the management of director and supervisor performance, held director and supervisor training sessions, and deepened their awareness of their roles. The Personnel and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank is responsible for reviewing and supervising the implementation of remuneration and incentive policies, deliberating remuneration distribution plans for senior management, deliberating senior management performance evaluation standards and conducting evaluations. Performance evaluation results for senior management and remuneration distribution plans must undergo corporate governance review procedures. ESG Performance and Supervision Audit and Supervision Governance of Comprehensive Operation Companies and Overseas Institutions Remuneration Policy for Executives Over 50 of the pretax annual salary for senior management is subject to delayed payment based on future annual performance. The deferred payment period is generally not less than three years. If risk exposures beyond normal limits occur within responsibilities during the stipulated period, part or all of the unpaid amount will not be paid. The variable remuneration of senior management is linked to the results of the Group'sand individual's performance evaluations, with evaluation indicators including Remuneration clawback Remuneration linked to sustainable development indicators Quantitative evaluation indicators Business outcomes, risk prevention and control, development of inclusive finance, green finance, rural revitalization business lines Qualitative evaluation indicators Serving national strategies (including serving the real economy, protecting consumer rights, preventing financial risks), employee satisfaction, customer satisfaction
105 104 The Bank strengthens its communication with investors and the market by means of performance roadshows, proactive visits, reception of visitors, and responding to investors' inquiries raised through multiple channels. It carried out more than 350 market communications throughout the year. Diversified communication methods Addressing market concerns, the Bank engages in indepth communication and exchanges with domestic and foreign investors and international credit rating agencies regarding business performance, risk management, wealth finance, and ESG performance, explaining the Bank's highquality development measures and achievements. The Bank's first green finance report (TCFD) received positive feedback from Fidelity International as a representative investor on the Bank's green finance development. Themed communication and exchanges The Bank adheres to the disclosure principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, fairness, clarity, conciseness, and understandability. The Bank is dedicated to enhancing transparency, meeting investor needs, and proactively addressing market concerns to improve the relevance and effectiveness of its disclosures. For ten consecutive years, the Bank has been awarded the highest disclosure rating of A (Excellent) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Bank respects and safeguards shareholders' right to returns by establishing a sustainable, stable, and scientifically reasonable dividend distribution mechanism. The Bank is committed to rewarding shareholders with strong operating performance. As of the end of 2023, the Bank has distributed cash dividends to shareholders of A and H shares for 17 consecutive years, with total cash dividends exceeding RMB 800 billion, far surpassing IPO and postIPO equity financing amounts, ranking among the top listed companies domestically. Information Disclosure Shareholder Dividends The Bank has established and keeps improving a threelevel management system covering information disclosure policies, management measures and operation manuals, including regular reports and ad hoc reports, across multiple management dimensions such as branches and subsidiaries. Improving Disclosure Systems The Bank gives equal consideration to listing rules in both Shanghai and Hong Kong markets and accommodate linguistic conventions in both regions. The Bank follows strict requirements and pursues excellence, emphasizing key tasks such as serving national strategies, supporting the real economy, and facilitating highlevel openness. The Bank prioritizes consistency and comparability in disclosed information to ensure the continuity of all metrics and data. Ensuring Compliance in Information Disclosure While fulfilling statutory disclosure obligations, the Bank actively explore best practices involuntary disclosure, providing investors and readers with convenient access to information and effectively conveying investment value. Enriching Information Disclosure Content Enhancing Investor Relations Management The Bank manages investor relations through multiple channels, platforms, and methods, emphasizing effective communication with investors, protecting investor rights to information and participation, and promoting corporate governance improvement. Questions are solicited before release meetings, and senior management engages inextensive exchanges with investors, analysts, and media reporters during the meetings to address social concerns and customer queries. Services such as video broadcasts and replays, live text broadcasts and interactions, and presentation material downloads are provided to ensure that investors fully understand the necessary information. Regular business results releases An investor service area is set up during shareholder meetings. The Bank actively provides information to small and medium shareholders, arranges for business departments and dedicated investor relations personnel to accompany them throughout the process, and promptly understands and addresses their demands. In 2023, 55 questions related to investor relations received through email were handled, 105 calls from the investor relations hotline were answered, and 13 investor questions were replied to through the Shanghai Stock Exchange EInteractive Platform. Protection of rights for small and medium shareholders The Bank attaches great importance to communication with investors to enhance their understanding and recognition of the Group's business development and operating conditions. Investor Communication 105 104
107 106 The Bank has established the Implementation Measures for Prudent Remuneration Management of Bank of China Limited and the Implementation Measures for Clawback of Performance Bonuses of Bank of China Limited, following the remuneration distribution principle of positionbased salary, performancebased remuneration, and ensuring gender equality in employee remuneration by excluding gender factors in remuneration distribution. Employee remuneration consists of basic remuneration, performancebased remuneration, and benefits. Remuneration and Benefits Management It depends on the value of the position and the employee's performance ability. Basic Remuneration Upholding Talent Driven Development The Bank is committed to building a robust financial talent pool while respecting and safeguarding employee rights, fostering an environment conducive to staff growth, and demonstrating care and support for the employees. By stimulating the vitality of the talent pool, the Bank aims to harness its human resource advantage as an internal driving force for the Group's highquality development. Safeguarding Employee Rights The recruitment of the Bank primarily focuses on campus recruitment, supplemented by social recruitment. In 2023, aligning with the employment priority strategy, the Bank duly expanded its campus recruitment efforts and collaborated with numerous domestic and international universities for recruitment drives. It also enhanced support for employment in nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties. In 2023, the Bank provided over 12, 000 job opportunities globally through campus recruitment. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, and the State Council's Provisions on the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labor. The Bank revises its employee recruitment management system, optimizes the recruitment process, improves the experience of job applicants, rigorously screens qualifications during recruitment, and prohibits illegal practices such as child labor and forced labor. For any violations occurring during the recruitment process, the Bank enforces accountability in strict accordance with its Bank of China Limited Employee Misconduct Handling Measures (Version 2022) and Bank of China Limited Management and Accountability Measures (Version 2022). The Bank respects and upholds the rights of employees, paying attention to the diversity within its workforce. The Bank is committed to creating an inclusive and equitable workplace, free from discrimination based on factors such as nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, gender, skin color, family background, or education. Recruitment Management It depends on the performance evaluation results of the Group, the employee's institution or department, and the individual employee, and is linked to factors such as performance, risk, internal control, and capability. More than 40 of the performance pay of personnel responsible for major risks and risk control needs tobe deferred, and the period of deferred payment is generally not less than three years. Performancebased Remuneration These mainly include social insurance, housing provident fund, enterprise annuity, and other noncash benefits, managed in accordance with local regulatory policies in a lawful and compliant manner. Benefits The Bank's employee performance management system adheres to the basic principles of balancing incentives and constraints, objectivity, fairness, timeliness, accuracy, and legality, utilizing various methods such as Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) and 360 degree evaluations to properly manage performance goals and plans, coaching and communication, assessment and feedback, rewards and improvements, aswell as other processes. This system is based on annual appraisals while also incorporating both longand shortterm assessments. It guides employees at all levels and positions to establish proper views on job performance, enhance their sense of identity with corporate culture, and improve their skills and overall competencies. Assessment results are provided to employees in an appropriate format and applied to aspects such as remuneration distribution, promotion, training and development, and commendation. The Bank integrates ESG factors into its employee performance appraisals. Appraisal indicators are tailored to specific roles and responsibilities, focusing on serving the real economy, developing inclusive finance, supporting private enterprises, promoting green finance, and protecting consumer rights and interests. The Bank also includes assessment demerit points for corruption, bribery, and other violations. Democracy Management Employee Engagement Survey The Bank has established and improved a democratic management system with the Employee Representative Congress as the basic form, promoting employee participation in political consultation and respecting and safeguarding employees' rights to be informed, participate, express, and supervise in business management. In 2023, the Bank organized the Second Session of the Second Employee Representative Congress of Bank of China, reflecting employee opinions and suggestions truthfully, accurately, comprehensively, and rationally, with a proposal completion rate of 100, continuously advancing the process of democratic decisionmaking, management, and supervision throughout the Bank, effectively ensuring the effective implementation of the democratic management system with the Employee Representative Congress as the cornerstone. The Bank has established a mechanism for employee engagement surveys to fully understand employees' recognition of corporate culture, management mechanisms, and working environments, evaluated by employees at various institutions and levels through anonymous online scoring. The New Zealand branch has signed a longterm talent development cooperation agreement with the University of Auckland Business School, aiming to provide leadership training for employees and recruit highquality talents through a graduate internship program.
109 108 Facilitating Employee Development The Bank has implemented the 14 th Five Year Plan for Talent Development of Bank of China Limited and formulated the Management Measures for Employee Education and Training of Bank of China Limited, covering all employees, to further promote the scientific, institutionalized, and standardized development of employee education and training. The Bank vigorously cultivates professional and composite talents through various methods such as onthejob practice, project exercises, professional training, and rotational assignments. It emphasizes both the globalization of dispatched talents and the localization of overseas talents, establishing comprehensive measures for the training of dispatched talents and local talents. Conducting Employee Training For newly recruited employees from the 2023 campus recruitment, President Liu Jin personally delivered the first lesson to over 10, 000 new employees across the Bank, inspiring them to fulfill the mission of serving the country through finance and grow into pillars of national development. Each institution implements tiered new employee onboarding training based on actual conditions, assisting new employees in transitioning from students in campus to workplace professionals and achieving a good start and longterm development in their careers. The Bank conducted the New Opportunities for Highlevel Openingup of China's Capital Market in the New Era training session, focusing on serving the highlevel openingup of the capital market, enhancing the competitiveness and influence of Shanghai as an international financial center, and helping participants understand new policies for the openingup of China's capital market and the Group's business development strategies. There moves were intended to better serve institutional openingup in the financial field and promote crossborder investment and financing facilitation. The Bank organized predeployment training courses and less commonly taught languages talent training classes, focusing on themes such as foreign languages and international business operations to enhance the capabilities of the participants. This training aims to provide strong talent support for the management and development of its overseas institutions. New Employee Cultivation International Talent Cultivation Professional Talent Cultivation Fintech The Bank organized seminars on the strategic emerging industry (hydrogen energy) map in the Yangtze River Delta, formulating its development and customer service strategies for the hydrogen energy industry, and refining research plans based on local industry types to cultivate future business growth points. Green finance The Bank organized a Green Finance Elite Talent Workshop to help relevant personnel enhance their capabilities in interpreting green finance policies, market analysis and judgment, and promoting key products, aiming to foster the development of green finance business. The Bank has advanced the construction of the BOC Training Cloud platform, completed infrastructure transformation and upgrades, and now may support concurrent online learning for up to 80, 000 individuals. The Bank has enhanced live training and online examination features to improve the user experience. Additionally, anew Legal Consultation Q&A module has been established to provide employees with direct professional support on legal and compliancerelated policies. By the end of 2023, leveraging the BOC Training Cloud platform, the Bank had conducted over 2, 000 live training sessions, with more than 9, 400 new courses added throughout the year, and an average daily active user count reaching 42, 000 persontimes. Johannesburg Branch initiated a local talent pool development project within the year, establishing a talent management system that clarifies the selection for entry, cultivation within the pool, and evaluation for deployment out of the pool, ensuring an adequate supply of key talents. By leveraging data and information such as employee resumes, performance, and 360 degree assessment results, the branch establishes a scientific and effective talent database and scoring model to provide objective criteria for talent pool admissions. It develops targeted and effective training courses for various talents in the pool, with capability enhancement plans setup for the first group of employees entered into the pool. Managing the talent pool in a dynamic manner, the branch regularly assesses the performance and potential of its members, ensuring the quality and effectiveness of talent cultivation. Strengthening the Construction of Digital Learning Platforms and Enhancing the Capability to Provide Training Services Scientific Management and Appointment of Talents Tai Fung Bank supports employees in taking paid leave to participate in training and internship programs organized by the Macau Labour Affairs Bureau, offering young staff a great opportunity to experience leading corporate cultures, understand industry trends, and hone their business skills. In alignment with strategic development needs, the Bank actively conducts employee education and training, organizes professional certification across various disciplines to comprehensively strengthen the competency and quality of professional talents and systematically enhance job competency. By optimizing sequence settings, refining job positions and ranks, implementing pointbased promotions, clarifying transfer and reassignment rules, and reinforcing qualification requirements, the Bank has opened up clear pathways for the development of professional talents. Enhancing Professional Competence Inclusive finance The Bank conducted training sessions such as rural revitalization business training, Huiruyuan Backbone Talent Training, Huiruyuan Leadership Talent Training, Inclusive Business Line Risk Management and Credit Policy Training, and Specialized Training on Inclusivenessfeatured Outlet Construction, promoting the replication and promotion of advanced experiences and strengthening the team building of professional personnel in inclusive finance. Pension finance The Bank held a Pension Finance Business Development Seminar, where relevant personnel were organized to analyze business pain points and challenges. Measures for optimization and improvement were formulated and implemented to advance the pension finance sector. Digital finance The Bank held eight sessions of the Digital Finance Academy, inviting experts in digital finance to give public lectures on topics such as digital payments and cloud computing, aiming to promote the Group's digital transformation and highquality development.
111 110 BOC Insurance holds March 8 th Women's Day Handmade Flower Experience Activity. For employees who resign, the Bank has established a threelevel talk retention mechanism to listen to and act upon their feedback and suggestions. It monitors the turnover rates of its institutions quarterly, setting warning standards for high turnover rates or significant fluctuations, prompting institutions to analyze, research, and devise improvement measures in a timely manner. The Bank promotes a compassionate mutual aid plan for its employees. By the end of 2023, 9 branches and comprehensive operation companies had established mutual aid plan management committees, formulating management regulations and raising RMB 12. 6 million through union funds, welfare funds, or other channels to assist employees facing difficulties due to severe illness, natural disasters, or accidents. The Bank organizes consolation activities. It distributed consolation funds of RMB 596, 500 to employees affected by severe flooding, earthquakes, and other natural disasters throughout the year. It provided RMB 5. 78 million for the construction of employee (small) homes of outlets in 832 poverty alleviation counties and 160 nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties. During New Year's Day and the Spring Festival, unions at all levels consoled 3, 621 communitylevel outlets, reaching 36, 720 employees with consolation money and goods worth RMB 36, 295, 900. The Bank hosts the Roses and Books Joy of Reading for All series, attracting 4, 200 participants to live broadcasts on books and reading club events. It organizes popular cultural and sports activities such as volleyball, table tennis, and bridge to enrich employees' cultural and spiritual lives. Innovating childcare for employees' children, the Bank held volunteer performance and charity sale activities during the summer with the theme Little Hands, Big Strength; Young Hearts, Bright Hope, addressing the challenge employees face in balancing work and childcare. Employee Turnover Management Assisting Employees in Need Focusing on Work Life Balance Caring for Employee Health Strictly adhering to national laws and regulations, the Bank fully contributes to social security and housing funds for its employees and provides major illness insurance and annual physical exams, earnestly protecting their physical and mental health. The Bank provides various types of leave, such as maternity leave, breastfeeding leave, and parental leave, for female employees during pregnancy, postpartum, and breastfeeding periods. Implementing a Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Women Employees' Rights, the Bank has completed the signing and filing of this contract at the Head Office level and distributes sanitary products to female employees, strengthening the protection of their legal and special rights. Caring for Female Employees BOC Anhui Branch hosts the 3 rd Happy Work, Healthy Life Employee Sports Meeting. 1 2 3 4 5 BOC Russia celebrates its 30 th anniversary with a commendation meeting, honoring employees who have worked for over 20 years. BOC Insurance organizes a family day event for employees. Lisbon Branch enhances team belonging and cohesion by hosting employee birthday parties and organizing participation in marathon health runs. Panama Branch's outdoor team building for employees 1 2 34 5 The Bank advocates and encourages selfdirected learning among its employees, providing necessary resources and financial support for their afterhours studies. Utilizing online platforms for the online procurement of books and materials, the Bank has reviewed and standardized the full reimbursement of professional certification fees within the year, covering fields such as finance, accounting, risk compliance, information technology, general management, foreign languages, and more. Encouraging Professional Certification
113 112 Enhancing the Quality and Effectiveness of Digital Financial Services The Bank rigorously implements the national strategic deployment, aligning with the development trends of the digital economy. Grounded in the enhancement of technology and data capabilities, and centered on the digital transformation and upgrade of financial services, the Bank seeks breakthroughs by integrating into the digital economy ecosystem, with risk prevention and control as the foundation. It is committed to enhancing value creation, accelerating digital transformation and innovation, and fostering the integration and mutual promotion of business models, technological capabilities, and data elements. This effort continuously improves the efficiency of financial services and supports the highquality development of the real economy. Consolidating the Support of Technological Foundation The Bank implements the East Data West Computing strategy, speeding up the construction of multilocation, multicenter information infrastructure. The first phase of the Inner Mongolia and Linger Financial Technology Park has been completed, providing the capacity to deploy 30, 000 servers; the second phase of the Hefei Park has commenced, with the total number of cloud platform servers reaching 26, 500. The Bank continuously strengthens the safeguarding of work safety, with no major safety incidents occurring throughout the year. It advances special actions to enhance cybersecurity, ensuring the effective operation of the Group's Network Security Operations Center (SOC), with no major cybersecurity incidents occurring throughout the year, safeguarding the stable and robust development of the Group's business. The Bank has upgraded and reshaped independently developed foundational technology platforms such as Honghu, Xinghan, Hanhai, and Fuyao, continuously enhancing its service capabilities for the construction of new digital infrastructure. Constructs unified processes, procedures, and services in the data domain, offering complete data and technical support, alongside a user community, to meet the needs of big data products with a unified technology ecosystem, fully empowering the development of data products. Xinghan Big Data Basic Technology Platform Provides technical capabilities in four major areas under distributed architecture technology governance, runtime transaction scheduling and processing, distributed application development, and distributed application operation and maintenance. Honghu Distributed Basic Technology Platform Offers a onestop solution covering mobile application design, development, testing, operation, and maintenance, standardizing mobilerelated technical standards, development processes, and implementation techniques to ensure the reusability of basic capabilities. Hanhai Mobile Development Platform Focuses on software development integration, application delivery, artifact management, and quality visualization, strengthening the building of software development, testing, and operational service capabilities, and promoting the improvement of software process quality and efficiency. Fuyao Dev Ops Platform Fully Exploiting Data Value The Bank has built an enterpriselevel data governance system, Three Horizontals, Two Verticals, One Line, providing comprehensive, agile, and detailed support for the management, operation, analysis, application, and value creation of digital assets. This includes establishing an enterpriselevel data dictionary management service system, embedding data standards throughout the entire life cycle from demand generation, development, production, to data analysis application, and forming an accurate, visualized digital asset map to support data analysis applications and value creation. The Bank's digital asset management, operation, and service efforts have been certified by the ISO 9001 quality management system.
115 114 Driving the Digital Transformation of Operations Improving quality and efficiency in digital transformation of financial services Corporate banking The Bank built a oneclick access, global response collaborative management platform to enhance services for global corporate customers. The Bank continuously iterated and optimized the domestic corporate online banking, rapidly growing the customer base, while maintaining a leading position among Chinese peers in terms of overseas corporate online banking coverage. Personal banking The Bank improved the mobile banking service experience by launching anew overseas mobile banking version and enhancing the digital wealth management capabilities. Based on a multidimensional product tagging system, it introduced dedicated sections such as Databased Fund Selection. By the end of 2023, the number of monthly active mobile banking customers reached 87. 76 million, and the transaction amount reached RMB 54. 88 trillion, up 17. 46 yearonyear. The Bank was awarded the Best User Experience Mobile Bank by China Business Network's 2023 Financial Value Rankings. Financial market The Bank solidified its data foundation, enriched trading strategies, further optimized quantitative trading platform functions, and effectively enhanced its trading capabilities. Actively integrating into industrial ecology The Bank advanced the open banking initiative for corporate customers, launching the BOC Enterprise Cloud Direct brand. It optimized and upgraded the BOC Enterprise e Butler onestop digital service platform for enterprises, enabling them to improve internal management efficiency. The Bank upgraded the corporate treasury management system to support stateowned enterprise treasury reform. It facilitated information exchange between governments, industrial parks, enterprises and banks, achieving endtoend digitalization of client acquisition, batch lending and postlending processes, creating a new financial ecosystem for industrial parks. For the elderly customer segment, the Bank optimized the experience of personal pension account opening, contribution and asset management functions, bridging the digital divide and enhancing the accessibility of financial services. Supporting the national strategy of highlevel openingup and expanding domestic demand, the Bank incubated featured scenarios such as foreigners in China, Greater Bay Area Hong Kong and Macau residents, tourism, equity incentives, payroll services, and new energy vehicles, targeting key customer groups and businesses related to going global, bringing in, and payroll agency, to improve its ability to serve these segmented customer groups. Steadily promoting the innovative application of digital RMB The Bank continuously expanded into scenarios such as rail transit, retail, and elderly care, providing inclusive, convenient and efficient payment experiences. Focusing on public service industries like government affairs, housing, and power, the Bank enhanced its digital capabilities. Supporting rural revitalization, the Bank piloted the issuance of targeted subsidies, pointtopoint assistance, and inclusive loans using digital RMB smart contracts. The Bank launched the Settlement Channel digital RMB settlement service with the Shanghai Clearing House for bulk commodity transactions, resolving the pain point of delayed transactions. Leveraging the advantages of low threshold and high efficiency, the Bank introduced the BAMBOO digital RMB service brand for inbound tourists. Improving global digital service channels The Bank improved the local clearing network and integrated it with the online banking system, enabling overseas institutions to participate in market competition as local banks. The Bank launched a new version of overseas mobile banking, comprehensively enhancing the experience for overseas customers. For going global Chinese enterprise groups, the Bank improved the global group service capabilities of the new corporate online banking platform. By the end of 2023, the corporate online banking of the Bank covered 56 countries and regions, supporting 14 major languages, while the overseas personal mobile banking covered 30 countries and regions globally, providing services in 12 languages. Insisting on fintech innovation Leveraging enterpriselevel technological capabilities, the Bank drives the application of cuttingedge technologies, exploring nearly 20 frontier technologies such as quantum computing, the metaverse, and large language models, enhancing its technological prowess. The Bank accelerated the construction of new technology platforms such as privacy computing, Internet of Things, blockchain, and artificial intelligence. Mature technologies with extensive business application scenarios, including optical character recognition (OCR) and robotic process automation (RPA), have been promoted and applied in over 1, 800 scenarios across the Head Office and branches. The Bank promoted the pilot application of computer vision technology in scenarios such as intelligent security and outlet operations, and explored the application of large model technology in internal knowledge services, coding assistance, and other scenarios. In 2023, 5 of the Bank's achievements were shortlisted for the People's Bank of China's Fintech Development Awards. Throughout the year, the Bank filed 4, 122 new patent applications and was granted 1, 029 new patents. Systematically Advancing Business Capability Enhancement Internally Continuously advancing the building of enterpriselevel capabilities By integrating the Product Assembly and Delivery common mechanism, the Bank has incorporated more than 2, 700 saleable products into the product factory assembly, launching global common capabilities such as the accounting engine with accounting subjects, basic pricing, and customerspecific pricing for the first time, effectively linking with product factories and contract mechanisms. This foundation supports the rapid assembly of new similar products, enabling more flexible assembly and personalized customization of products. Helping to prevent and resolve financial risks The Bank has restructured and upgraded to anew generation of integrated antimoney laundering systems for the Group, creating a seamless, endtoend money laundering monitoring process. This enhancement boosts the capacity for concurrent transaction processing and complex analytical queries, improves the accuracy and timeliness of regulatory reporting, and meets the multidimensional and highly timely AML business requirements of the digital age. With customers The Bank has reshaped and upgraded the architectures and services of two basic personal financial businesses, debit and credit cards, migrating a total of 1. 05 billion bank cards. This migration fully transitions all product, feature, and customer data to new line operations, further enriching digital card issuance channels and scenarios for debit and credit cards, providing differentiated card services, and expanding services to international networks like VISA and Master Card. The Bank has completed the architecture reshaping and service upgrades for basic financial products such as pensions and bills, offering customers a richer, safer, and more comfortable financial product and service experience.
117 116 Comprehensive Risk Management System The Bank has implemented a risk management system that aligns with the Group's strategy. It continuously refines its risk governance structure, optimizes the closedloop risk management process, and conducts regular investigations into major potential risks. Additionally, it actively prepares for the implementation of Basel III. Simultaneously, the Bank solidifies a robust and prudent risk culture, effectively strengthening the risk awareness of all staff and maintaining the baseline of preventing systemic financial risks. The Bank clearly delineates the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, senior management, and business departments in risk management. The Bank places great importance on comprehensive risk management and the cultivation of risk management professionals, has developed a series of comprehensive risk management textbooks and defined the norms for comprehensive risk management duties. The Bank invests in comprehensive risk management training for both management and frontline staff. This includes two annual advanced workshops and regular training sessions throughout the year. These programs target risk management leaders across domestic and international branches, ensuring the effective dissemination of comprehensive risk management principles. Ultimately, this initiative aims to equip employees at all levels with the necessary skills and knowledge to strengthen the Bank's risk management and response capabilities. The Bank has set up three lines of defence in risk management. The business departments, as the first line, bear direct responsibility for risk management. The second line is responsible for formulating comprehensive risk management policies, main risk management systems, and processes, and it oversees and manages risks, guiding, training, and supervising the first line to achieve full coverage of risk management. The third line independently supervises the performance of business and risk management departments, focusing on significant risks and weaknesses, conducting orderly audit inspections, and assisting the first and second lines in enhancing their risk prevention and resolution capabilities. Risk Management Framework Risk Culture Building Risk Management Mechanisms Assumes ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, and authorizes the Risk Policy Committee and Audit Committee under the Board to perform some comprehensive risk management duties. The Risk Policy Committee of the Board of Directors reviews risk management strategy, major risk management policies, and risk management procedures and systems, offering suggestions to the Board. It oversees the risks associated with the Bank's operations in the US through the US Risk and Management Committee. Board of Directors and Its Special Committees Establish risk control midoffices in major business departments, appoint departmental risk directors, share various risk information, and strengthen risk penetration management capability. Business Departments Assumes overall responsibility for risk management implementation. It has a Risk Management and Internal Control Committee to perform the functions of overall risk management and internal control management. The Risk Management and Internal Control Committee is responsible for implementing and executing the overall risk strategy and risk appetite set by the Board of Directors, promoting the construction of a comprehensive risk management system, coordinating the management of all types of risks, reviewing and approving important policies and systems related to risk management and internal control. Other business committees regularly review risk reports to strengthen the upward reporting and implementation of risk management decisions at the business line level. The President oversees risk management and internal control, and supervises the Risk Management Department and other relevant departments. The Chief Risk Officer assists the President in overseeing risk management and internal control, and reports to the President. Senior Management Risk Appetite The Bank establishes risk appetites that are aligned with strategic objectives, operational plans, capital planning, performance evaluation, and remuneration mechanisms, adjusting these appetites annually. In the 2023 risk appetite review, the Bank strengthened the alignment of risk appetites with the Group's strategy, expanded the coverage and refinement of risk appetites, and enhanced the management and control of risks in nontraditional areas. Management Policies The Bank revised the Bank of China Limited Comprehensive Risk Management Policy to coordinate the prevention of traditional and nontraditional risks better, supporting highquality development. The term Environmental and Social Risks was updated to Environmental (Climate), Social, and Governance Risks. The Bank reevaluated the effectiveness of the comprehensive risk management construction plan version 2. 0, and formulated the Comprehensive Risk Management System Framework and Its Key Assessment Points, conducting selfassessments in seven areas including risk governance and the alignment of risk appetites with strategic objectives, to enhance the effectiveness of risk management. The Bank has carried out a comprehensive risk investigation across the Group, focusing on key risk areas to develop emergency plans and enhance emergency response capabilities. It has completed macroscopic scenario stress tests for climate risks, banking industry stress tests, and internal capital adequacy assessment procedure stress tests, promptly formulating fallback plans. Following the Silicon Valley Bank incident, the Bank activated its major risk event emergency management mechanism, examining full exposure across the globe. A crossborder team of experts, led by the Chief Risk Officer, was established to regularly assess the international financial market situation and its impact on the Bank and the domestic financial system. In coordination with its New York, Hong Kong, and Geneva branches, a 24 7 global financial market monitoring mechanism has been established. Risk assessment Plan management Risk disposal Resolution and recovery Risk investigation Monitoring and early warning Response plan and fallback plan Preresolution Postevaluation Postevaluation Stress testing Trigger report Closedloop management mechanism for risk assessment and investigation Closedloop management mechanism for risk emergency response Deepening Comprehensive Risk Management The Bank remains firmly focused on the perpetual theme of risk prevention and control, adhering to bottomline and extremecase thinking, enhancing the awareness of potential crises, and continuously building a comprehensive risk management system. It accelerates the digital transformation of risk management, improves the capabilities of risk prevention, response, and resolution, thereby solidifying the risk defence line.
119 118 Digital Transformation of Risk Management The Bank accelerated the digitization of risk management, enhancing the application and promotion of intelligent risk control outcomes, and elevating the intelligence level of group risk management. The Bank continuously optimized the green credit standard system, gradually improving the accuracy of environmental benefit calculation for green credit, and enhancing the quality of basic data for green credit. These efforts provide strong support for the development of green financial business. The Bank strengthened the application of cuttingedge technologies such as graph computing and machine learning, creating intelligent risk control functionalities such as multidimensional query of knowledge graphs, technology finance risk zones, risk blacklists and greylists, supply chain risk graphs, enhancing the capabilities of early identification, early warning, early exposure, and early disposal of risks. Data Systems The Bank developed early warning models for urban investment entities, small and mediumsized financial institutions, to assist in the establishment of mechanisms for early correction of financial risks. For overseas institutions, the Bank developed an internal evaluation model for default probability, covering large enterprises, small and mediumsized enterprises, and special purpose vehicles, to help improve approval efficiency and quality. The Bank optimized internal evaluation models for domestic companies, refining environmental riskrelated early warning signal indicators, and promoting the development of green finance business. The Bank optimized retail individual housing loan scorecard models, applied them to loan approval, postloan monitoring, and other risk control processes, providing model support for the highquality development of consumer finance business. Models Strict Adherence to Bottom Line of Internal Control and Compliance The Bank solidifies the foundation of internal control and compliance management, enhances behavioral management of employees, optimizes antimoney laundering and sanctions compliance mechanisms, conducts compliance education to enhance the sense of responsibility among all staff, and provides robust safeguards for promoting the stable operation of the Group. Employee Behavior Management The Bank requires employees to adhere to business ethics, as specified in the Employee Violation Handling Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), which outlines procedures and measures for dealing with violations related to financial and accounting management, business management, professional ethics, confidentiality and information disclosure, antimoney laundering, legal and compliance risk management, among others. The Bank has also implemented the Management and Accountability Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022) to reinforce accountability among management personnel. The Bank conducts annual assessments of employee behavior, analyzes management effectiveness and identifies issues, and formulates subsequent work plans accordingly. In 2023, the Board of Directors and senior management of the Bank reviewed and approved the Employee Behavior Management Assessment Report for 2022. The Bank has established a comprehensive framework for managing employee behavior, with the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management dividing responsibilities for this task. Oversees and evaluates the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in managing employee behavior. Board of Supervisors Bears ultimate responsibility for managing employee behavior, fostering a culture of lawful compliance and integrity among employees, and supervising the implementation of employee behavior management by senior management. Board of Directors Responsible for implementing employee behavior management, executing board resolutions, establishing a comprehensive system for managing employee behavior, delineating the responsibilities of relevant departments, and annually reporting employee behavior assessment results to the Board of Directors. Senior Management The Bank formulated the Employee Complaint Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), allowing complainants to submit an Application for Complaint to the Secretariat of the Accountability Committee for review of outcomes such as criticism and education, reduction of performance pay, disciplinary action, inaccordance with internal management regulations. To safeguard the rights of complainants, the Bank stipulates that the original handling personnel should not handle complaint reviews, and handling personnel with conflicts of interest with the complainant or the complaint issue should proactively recuse themselves. Employee Complaint Management
121 120 Business Ethics Audit The external auditors focused on the implementation of the employee code of conduct and business ethics related system, reviewed the rules and regulations related to employee code of conduct and business ethics, understood relevant control processes, and implemented relevant control testing procedures. External Audit Bears the responsibility of supervising money laundering risk management and monitoring the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in fulfilling their duties in this regard. Board of Supervisors The Bank has established and implemented a riskbased customer due diligence system, defining standards and processes for customer admission, business continuation, and customer exit throughout the entire life cycle. Following the Know Your Customer principle, the Bank adopts appropriate control measures for customers, business relationships, or transactions with different money laundering risks. It verifies customer identities through reliable and independently sourced documents, data, and information to understand the purposes and nature of the customers' business relationships. Due Diligence Responsible for implementing money laundering risk management. Senior management authorizes the Anti Money Laundering Committee under the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee to fulfill the responsibility of coordinating Grouplevel money laundering risk management. Senior Management The Bank has built an antimoney laundering training system, specifying the targets, content, duration, and effectiveness verification of the training, and has updated the training course system. Based on the principles of comprehensive coverage, effectiveness, differentiation, and verifiability, it has improved the antimoney laundering compliance awareness and duty performance capabilities of personnel indifferent positions. For the Board of directors, the Board of Supervisors, and senior management The Bank has completed two training sessions on antimoney laundering throughout the year, covering the analysis of antimoney laundering regulations and policies, the domestic and international situation of antimoney laundering, international assessment trends, regulatory requirements for financial institutions' money laundering risk management, the latest global sanctions, and best practices in the compliance field of industry sanctions. For all employees The Bank provides training on antimoney laundering, terrorist financing, and international sanctions compliance through various forms such as online courses, live webcasts, and onsite training. It has established an antimoney laundering Q&A platform to offer frontline staff channels for inquiries and clarifications related to antimoney laundering. By the end of 2023, the BOC training cloud platform had launched over 200 training courses on antimoney laundering, with more than 2. 2 million cumulative views. Internal Training The Bank includes the system of internal control and compliance management, employee code of conduct, and business ethics system and its implementation in routine and special internal audits each year, covering ethical risks and employee misconduct, among other content. In 2023, the Bank focused on auditing personal loans, personal deposits and credit cards, and monitored whether employees engaged in illegal activities such as profiting from their positions, participating in private lending, engaging in business enterprises, and having abnormal dealings with credit customers. Internal Audit Assumes the ultimate responsibility for managing money laundering risks and authorizes the Risk Policy Committee to perform part of its money laundering risk management duties. The Board of Directors and the Risk Policy Committee regularly review money laundering risk management and work progress. Board of Directors The Bank has established and improved a qualitative and quantitative assessment indicator system inaccordance with regulatory requirements to enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of its money laundering risk assessment methods. It has also improved the quality of antimoney laundering monitoring data, optimized suspicious transaction monitoring models, and strengthened the investigation and control of highrisk areas of money laundering, continuously submitting highvalue suspicious transaction reports. Risk Monitoring, Analysis and Assessment Anti Money Laundering Management The Bank has established a wellorganized, structurally sound, and clearly defined antimoney laundering risk governance framework, leveraging the leadership of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management to consolidate the three lines of defence against money laundering and effectively synergize antimoney laundering efforts. The Bank continued to enhance its three lines of defence system against money laundering. Business departments serve as the first line of defence against money laundering, responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring, mitigating, and reporting linebased money laundering risks. The legal and compliance department serves as the second line of defence, responsible for establishing and implementing risk management policies, systems, and procedures, overseeing the operation of the antimoney laundering risk management system. The audit department serves as the third line of defence, responsible for independently evaluating the effectiveness of the antimoney laundering risk management system. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Anti Money Laundering and Anti Terrorist Financing of Financial Institutions, and the Measures for the Administration of Anti Money Laundering and Anti Terrorist Financing of Banking Financial Institutions, among other regulations. It also fully refers to the standards and requirements of international organizations such as the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and advanced practices in the industry, to formulate the Bank of China Limited Anti Money Laundering, Anti Terrorist Financing, and Sanctions Compliance Policy applicable globally within the Group, ensuring uniform antimoney laundering standards across domestic and overseas institutions. In addition, the Bank has formed an antimoney laundering system based on the Bank of China Limited Compliance Policy for Anti Money Laundering, Anti Terrorist Financing and Sanctions, which covers money laundering risk assessment, customer due diligence, sanctions compliance, preservation of customer identity information and transaction record, large and suspicious transaction reporting, antimoney laundering training, reward for reporting and information confidentiality. The Bank regularly rechecks these systems to ensure their effectiveness. The Bank significantly strengthens risk assessment, due diligence, training, and other related work to enhance the effectiveness of antimoney laundering management. Johannesburg Branch conducts internal compliance training, enhancing employees' compliance awareness and risk prevention capabilities through gamebased quizzes and interactions.
123 122 ESG Key Performance Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated Note (RMB 100 million)31, 067 19, 872 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )56. 34 41. 08 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB 100 million)5, 554 4, 539 The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB 100 million)474 877 Investment scale of green bonds at home and abroad (RMB 100 million) 1, 000 1, 000Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 CO 2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)68, 712 20, 410 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)1, 729 3, 909 Water conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8, 200 20, 969 Standard coal conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)42, 845 8, 920 COD emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)34 63 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8 20 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)2, 064 4, 326Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e)1, 594, 093 1, 537, 546 1, 534, 060 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 184, 740 74, 899 79, 309 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 21, 509, 353 1, 462, 647 1, 454, 751 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 3 Wastepaper 4, 052 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 3 Food and catering wastes 2, 414 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO 2 e FTE) within Scope 1 and Scope 25. 02 5. 02 4. 99Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 764, 254 2, 688, 308 2, 754, 463 Energy consumption per FTE (MWh)8. 71 8. 78 8. 95 Direct energy consumption Gasoline consumption (ton)12, 789 11, 049 12, 400 Diesel oil consumption (ton)583 540 463 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m 3)1, 827 1, 763 1, 779 Indirect energy consumption Electrical power consumption (MWh)1, 889, 562 1, 809, 260 1, 785, 869 Heat consumption (MkJ)1, 840, 309 1, 955, 218 2, 214, 424 Environmental Performance Green financial development Environmental Benefits of Green Credit Energy Management Greenhouse Gas Emission Management Proportion of credits to brown industries incorporate loans The Bank has continuously optimized the structure of the brown industries, promoting capacity replacement, green transformation, and technological upgrades. It guides resources towards areas with advanced production capacities, reduced per unit energy consumption, technological and renovation upgrades, and those that are safe, green, intelligent, efficient, and ensure energy supply. In 2023, the brown credit balance of the Bank's domestic corporate business accounted for less than 10 of the total loan balance. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China and Energy Conservation Management Measures for Key Energy Consuming Organizations, actively implementing energysaving measures to reduce energy consumption. The Head Office carried out projects such as green lighting, obsolete equipment elimination, and frequency conversion energysaving transformations. Due to the addition of power distribution capacity enhancement equipment in the Heishanhu office area and information processing equipment in the Haiying office area, the annual energy consumption of the Head Office increased compared to the previous year but did not exceed the quota set by Beijing. Proportion of loans to other industries incorporate credit exceeded 90 Proportion of loans to brown Industries incorporate credit fell below 10 Chemical engineering Nonferrous metal smelting Civil aviation Cement Thermal power Coal Petrochemical engineering Papermaking Iron & steel Note 1 The data covered the Group. Note 2 9 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and other types of energy by the canteens in office places, electric power by office buildings and the Data Centre, and heat by office places in the northern region. Note 3 The total energy consumption was calculated according to the consumption of various types of energy and the conversion factor provided in the General Rules for Calculation of Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 25892020). Note According to the statistical standards established by the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Note 1 The data covered the Group. Note 2 According to the scope of the Group's operations, the main greenhouse gas emissions from its own operations include carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide. These emissions primarily come from the use of energy, encompassing both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal, and coke. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions associated with the consumption of electricity and heat. Scope 3 emissions include indirect emissions from the disposal of wastepaper and food and catering waste. Note 3 Inaccordance with ISO 140641 Greenhouse Gases - Part 1 Specification with guidance at the organization level for quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and removals, and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol issued by the World Resources Institute (WRI), the Bank calculates GHG emissions using emission factors for energy sources provided by the National Development and Reform Commission's Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Enterprises in Public Buildings (Trial), aswell as regional electric grid CO 2 emission factors published by the state and electric power emission factors disclosed by foreign regions. Note 4 In 2023, inaccordance with the Methods for Allocating Carbon Emission Quotas for Key Carbon Emission Organizations in Beijing and the Decision on Conducting Carbon Emission Trading Pilots in Beijing Under the Strict Control of Total Carbon Emissions, the Head Office of the Bank completed various carbon emission rights verification, trading and other related work. After verification, the Head Office had a surplus carbon emission rights quota of 2, 767 tons for the year.
125 124 Economic Performance Supporting rural revitalisation Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Balance of inclusive agriculturerelated loans (RMB 100 million)3, 765 2, 603 1, 888 Balance of agriculturerelated loans (RMB 100 million)26, 561 20, 748 17, 408 Proportion of balance of agriculturerelated loans to balance of loans of the Bank ( )15. 99 14. 35 13. 25 Total loan balance in nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties (RMB 100 million)331. 59 250. 37 212. 98 Balance of loans granted to areas lifted out of poverty (RMB 100 million)4, 863. 77 4, 122. 75 3, 608. 76 Annual microcredit loans for poverty alleviation (RMB 10 thousand)8, 440 6, 698 3, 326Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Credit balance for national Little Giants and provincial specialized and innovative enterprises (RMB 100 million)2, 649. 60 1, 843. 15 Number of national Little Giants and provincial specialized and innovative enterprises with credit balance (10, 000)1. 58 1. 06 Supporting technological innovation Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises (RMB 1 trillion)1. 76 1. 23 0. 88 Growth rate of balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises ( )43. 17 39. 34 53. 15 Balance of loans to small and micro enterprises Note 1 (RMB 1 trillion)4. 89 3. 56 2. 56 Proportion of balance of loans to small and micro enterprises to balance of loans of the Bank ( )29. 43 24. 90 19. 97 Number of small and micro enterprises as loan customers (10, 000)111. 83 80. 59 64. 40 Growth rate of small and micro enterprises as loan customers ( )38. 77 25. 13 29. 51 Balance of loans to SMEs Note 2 (RMB 1 trillion)6. 17 5. 10 4. 29 Growth rate of loans to SMEs ( )20. 92 18. 89 14. 75 Balance of individual entrepreneurship (business assistance) loans (RMB 100 million)35. 69 34. 78 26. 32 Balance of loans to private enterprises (RMB 1 trillion)3. 73 2. 92 2. 44 Support for Small and Mediumsized Enterprises (SMEs) and Micro Enterprises Note 1 Small and micro enterprises refer to the combined loans to small enterprises, micro enterprises, sole proprietorships, and small and micro entrepreneurs, asper the statistical standards established by the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Note 2 Small and mediumsized enterprises the combined total of medium and small enterprises, according to the statistical standards established by the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Waste gas management Waste management The Bank rigorously adheres to the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, Beijing Municipal Air Pollution Control Regulations, Emission Standards for Pollutants from the Catering Industry, and Emission Standards for Pollutants from Boilers, managing emissions of air pollutants from the Head Office. These pollutants include kitchen fumes, particulate matter, nonmethane total hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide. In 2023, the Bank set the goal of ensuring that emissions of waste gases comply with national and local standards. It upgraded and retrofitted kitchen exhaust purification systems in several office areas and installed some online monitoring devices for kitchen fumes to ensure compliance with regulations. The Bank strictly abides by the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, Implementation Plan for Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in Office Areas of Central and State Organs, and Notice on Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in Office Areas of Central and State Organs in 2018, implementing waste classification and reduction management. In terms of waste classification, awaste classification supervisor system is implemented, with supervisors appointed by floor, inspectors by the property management company, and patrollers by the General Affairs Department, the main department responsible for green operations, to supervise and inspect waste classification on each floor. Harmless waste is disposed of by qualified recycling companies, and hazardous waste is treated harmlessly by qualified disposal contractors. In terms of waste reduction, buildings such as the Head Office where conditions allow, have installed kitchen waste reduction treatment equipment. Water resource use The Bank strictly follows the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Ordinance on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Measures for the Administration of Drainage and Water Recycling in Beijing, and the Integrated Water Pollutants Discharge Standards, strictly managing kitchen waste grease in the Head Office. For the year, based on the Water Use Target Notice from the Beijing Water Saving and Use Management Center, bimonthly water use targets were set and analyzed monthly. In the Head Office buildings, grease traps were replaced and upgraded, and new watersaving sanitary fixtures were adopted. As of the end of 2023, the Bank did not encounter any issues in obtaining applicable water sources. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total water consumption (m 3)13, 533, 157 13, 535, 554 13, 618, 321 Total cycling use of water (m 3)180, 964 149, 834 141, 122 Water consumption per FTE (m 3)42. 65 44. 20 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)660 1, 296 1, 228 Discharge of nonhazardous waste (tons)40, 433 44, 419 44, 542 Hazardous waste consumption per FTE (tons)0. 016 Nonhazardous waste consumption per FTE (tons)0. 127 Note The data covered the Group. Note The data covered the Group. Materials and packing Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Office paper consumption Note 1 (tons)8, 261 12, 115 12, 211 Paper conservation Note 1 (tons)3, 954 96 -59 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops Note 2(tons)63. 81 70. 73 88. 14 Paper consumption attributed to credit card ebill (100 million) Note 23. 84 3. 70 3. 96 Note 1 The data of office paper consumption and paper conservation covered the Group. Note 2 The credit cardrelated data is based on commercial banking of BOC in Chinese mainland. The paper saved from electronic credit card statements for 2022 was adjusted from number of statement pages to number of statement copies to align with the data collection methods of 2023 and 2021. In 2023, the Bank set and achieved the waste management goal of 100 disposal rate for harmless and hazardous waste and a 10 reduction in kitchen waste compared with the previous year in the Head Office.
127 126 Note 1 Governmentsponsored student loans refer to unsecured loans granted to students from poor families in universities and colleges directly under the State Council ministries commissions and local governments as well as from other regions in payment for their study, accommodation and living costs at school. Note 2 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management refers to the number of personal accounts with the Bank serving as the manager of the enterprise annuity accounts. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 New loans issued in transportation sectors (RMB 100 million)5, 198 4, 834 4, 686 Balance of loans to the education industry (RMB 100 million)711. 57 622. 37 351. 16 Balance of loans to medical and health services (RMB 100 million)666. 80 616. 40 468. 30 Balance of loans to support marine economy (RMB 100 million)1, 846 1, 010 708 Balance of governmentsponsored student loans Note 1 (RMB 100 million)28. 10 23. 17 21. 39 Amount of governmentsponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB 100 million)267. 73 257. 46 250. 72 Amount of pension funds in the Bank's custody (RMB 100 million)2, 098. 86 1, 702. 43 1, 415. 45 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management Note 2 (10, 000 accounts)412. 37 389. 87 367. 59 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB 100 million)9, 923. 90 9, 066. 02 7, 835. 02 Social Performance Supporting social development Customer Debt Management Product Management The Bank offers a diverse range of loan modification solutions to support its customers. It recently revised the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Restructuring of Consumer Loans, streamlining the criteria and tailoring solutions to individual circumstances to ensure wider applicability. By proactively engaging with potential loan delinquents and demonstrating flexibility in addressing their needs, the Bank aims to alleviate borrower pressure and effectively manage credit disputes, ultimately enhancing customer service quality and effectiveness. For credit card customers, the Bank offers personalized installment plans. Through a comprehensive understanding of their financial situation and repayment capacity, the Bank creates customized plans with interest rates and repayment periods that align with their specific needs, easing the burden of full repayment. In 2023, the Bank successfully processed 42, 900 personalized installment transactions, totaling RMB 1, 843 million. The Bank is committed to ethical and standardized debt collection practices. It developed the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Collection of Overdue Credit Card Accounts (Version 2022) and revised the Bank of China Limited Outsourcing Management Measures for Collection of Overdue Credit Card Accounts (Version 2023). For customers facing temporary hardship due to unforeseen events like floods or earthquakes, the Bank offers a grace period on loan repayments. Additionally, the Bank strictly regulates outsourced collection services by establishing a unified selection database for service providers. It focuses on improving the service capabilities of collection personnel through case sharing, special meetings, training, and business inspections to guide institutions within its jurisdiction and collection outsourcing service providers to conduct business in compliance, deepening the awareness of compliant collection. In 2023, the Head Office conducted four business training sessions for collection personnel across the Bank, covering topics like business development, policy interpretation, consumer protection requirements, business operation requirements, and case study analysis. Marketing and Promotion The Bank strictly complies with the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, has formulated the Bank of China Limited Consumer Rights Protection Policy, Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Consumer Rights Protection and B ank of China Limited Management Guidelines for Financial Marketing and Promotion to Consumers, among other documents, incorporating marketing and promotion into the scope of consumer rights protection review. In 2023, in light of key complaints and public opinion concerns, the Bank focused on improving marketing publicity review guidelines to further standardize marketing communications. A regular marketing communications monitoring mechanism was established to systematically review and update oversight guidelines on a quarterly basis. Selfinspections and monitoring of financial marketing communications were carried out across all channels every quarter. Timely rectifications were made to any marketing content that violated consumer rights protection laws and regulations. Based on the monitoring outcomes and identified issues, risk alerts were sent regularly to strengthen fair marketing compliance management. The Bank's Board of Directors is responsible for approving the internal approval process for developing new products and making major changes to existing products, and for supervising the senior management's fulfillment of product management responsibilities. The senior management is responsible for implementing the resolutions and decisions of the Board of Directors and the executive committee related to product management; establishing a product management system commensurate with the Bank's organizational structure and business scale, improving product management decisionmaking and execution mechanisms, clarifying the responsibilities of relevant departments and branches, and effectively promoting related work; reviewing the launch and exit of new products inaccordance with the tiered decisionmaking mechanism for new product management; regularly listening to reports on the progress of new product development; reviewing major matters concerning product management and product risk management; and coordinating and resolving major crossdepartment and crossbusiness line product management matters. The Bank attaches importance to the management and review of both proprietary and agency products. For proprietary products, the Bank has formulated the Administrative Measures on Product Management of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), and in accordance with the principles of full life cycle management, collaborative three lines of defence management, controllable risks, and differentiated management, it has clarified management requirements for stages including new product launch, product duration, product discontinuation and exit. Last year, the Bank completed postevaluations on 8 new products launched during 20202021, reinspections on existing products during 20222023, and the exiting of inefficient products. For agency products, the Bank revised the Administrative Measures on Agency Product Management of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) to clarify management requirements for stages including product launch, sales, complaint and contingency handling, information disclosure and customer information protection, postevaluation and accountability for agency products. Last year, the Bank completed reinspections on the systems regarding agency business and compliance inspections on agency operations. The Bank strengthens product risk management to ensure controllable product risks. It established a product risk review expert database, improved the product risk expert review mechanism, and further optimized the product risk management process. It regularly evaluated and monitored risks of new products and existing products, strengthened proactive monitoring and early warning and product risk control, and enhanced the quality and efficiency of product risk management. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Donations (RMB 1 million)94. 54 89. 09 98. 54 Volunteer activity hours (10, 000 hours)1. 98 2. 20 1. 40 Number of environmental public welfare activities organized or participated in 167 249 156 Number of employees participating in environmental public welfare activities 7, 862 8, 933 9, 800 Contributing to Public Welfare Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public (10, 000)7. 56 5. 59 5. 97 Number of people receiving financial education (10, 000)88, 899 73, 744 56, 295 Number of customers receiving anticounterfeit money education (10, 000)806 747 1, 225 Clicks on online anticounterfeit currency education events (10, 000 times)533 303 277 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000)27. 6 18. 2 14. 8 Customer complaints settled (10, 000)27. 6 18. 2 14. 8 Ratio of customer complaints closed ( )100 100 100 Main categories of complaints in 2023 Main regions of complaints in 2023 Credit card business complaints, accounting for 37. 9; debit card business complaints, accounting for 26. 3; and loan business complaints, accounting for 20. 9. Together, these three categories represented 85. 1 of all complaints. Guangdong (10. 7 ), Shenzhen (6. 1 ), Jiangsu (4. 1 ), Henan (3. 7 ), and Sichuan (3. 3 ), collectively accounting for 27. 9 of all complaints. Consumer Rights Protection Consumer complaint management
129 128Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of mobile banking customers (100 million)2. 75 2. 54 2. 35 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB 1 trillion)54. 88 46. 73 39. 38 Number of monthly active users of the Mobile Banking app (10, 000)8, 776. 27 7, 620. 15 7, 104. 41 Number of operating outlets in the mainland 10, 299 10, 312 10, 382 Number of intelligent outlets 10, 299 10, 312 10, 382 Number of ATMs 22, 852 25, 166 27, 729 Number of smart counters 33, 871 33, 089 32, 367 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tabletversion smart counters 16, 073 13, 793 10, 853 Number of outlets in nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties Note 46 37 34 Number of countylevel outlets 2, 979 2, 948 2, 934 Coverage ratio of countylevel institutions ( )64. 63 63. 13 62. 52Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of employees 306, 931 306, 182 306, 322 Number of employees divided by gender Number of male employees 131, 776 131, 164 131, 387 Number of female employees 175, 155 175, 018 174, 935 Number of employees divided by age Number of employees aged 30 and below 71, 733 68, 054 66, 995 Number of employees aged 3150173, 843 179, 513 185, 917 Number of employees aged at and above 5161, 355 58, 615 53, 410 Number of employees divided by region Number of employees in the Chinese mainland 281, 827 281, 793 280, 908 Number of expatriates 2, 082 2, 038 2, 051 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 18, 807 18, 439 19, 445 Service Channels Structure of Human Resources Strengthening Protection of Information of Personal Customers The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant regulations. It has formulated the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Protection of Personal Customer Information and the Bank of China Limited Emergency Plan for Security Incidents of Personal Customer Information, which are applicable to the Head Office, domestic branches, and domestic comprehensive operation companies. The Bank also requires its overseas institutions to establish personal customer information protection systems inaccordance with the regulations of their respective countries and regions. The Bank prioritizes the principle of business necessity, minimum authorization when handling personal customer information. Sensitive information is only processed after fully informing customers and obtaining their explicit consent. The Bank has established an approval procedure and traceability mechanism for personal customer information processing with hierarchical authorization as the core, and used access control technology, encryption deidentification technology and privacy protection enhancement technology to ensure the security and controllability of information. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, the retention period of personal customer information is the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose of processing. The Bank promises to delete personal customer information within the specified time when the processing purpose has been achieved, cannot be achieved or the provision of relevant products or services has been stopped. If the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or it is technically difficult to delete personal customer information, the Bank will stop processing such information (except for storage or taking necessary security measures). The Bank publishes the privacy policy through online business channels to disclose the rules for processing personal customer information. Customers are fully informed about the privacy policy upon first use, registration, or after updates of such policy, and their consent is obtained before proceeding with any personal customer information processing activities. The Bank of China Limited Mobile Banking Privacy Policy Note is continuously updated to inform customers of their rights regarding personal information and how to exercise them. Additionally, it explicitly details the specific rules for the collection, storage, sharing, transfer, deletion, and other processing of personal information. Prior to partnering with any institution, the Bank conducts thorough due diligence, assessing their qualifications, capabilities, and reputation for protecting personal information. Institutions that fail to meet industry standards, regulatory requirements, or the Bank's internal business and technical management regulations are not eligible for cooperation in this area. For qualified partners, agreements are executed to clearly define their responsibilities in processing and maintaining the confidentiality of personal customer information. These agreements also outline specific remedies and accountability measures for information breaches. The Bank conducts regular oversight and reevaluations of partner institutions' personal information protection capabilities. If a partner fails to fulfill its responsibilities, the Bank will immediately demand corrective action, potentially including the termination of the partnership and requiring the prompt deletion of personal customer information. The Bank regularly organizes specialized training on personal customer information protection for internal employees and outsourced personnel who process personal customer information, intensifying training efforts to enhance the compliance awareness and capabilities of all staff in this regard. In 2023, the number of participants in personal customer information protection specialized training exceeded 300, 000. Note Bank of China Limited Mobile Banking Privacy Policy Note For nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties, please refer to the list of (160) nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties released by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Administration in August 2021. Note Except for the Other types data which covers domestic commercial banking, the rest of the data in the table covers the Group. https ebsnew. boc. cn bocphone Vue Phone tools privacy Policy privacy PolicyA. html Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Other types Note Number of new hires in the year 13, 133 12, 695 10, 221 Number of employees from campus recruitment 12, 868 12, 140 9, 610 Number of employees from social recruitment 265 555 611 Number of interns accepted 542 893 665 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications 10, 600 8, 200 6, 280 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications 269, 770 250, 000 196, 000 Employee Turnover Note Data covers domestic commercial banking. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Employee turnover ( )1. 7 1. 9 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( )1. 6 1. 88 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( )1. 7 1. 92 2. 6
131 130Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees Note ( ) 57. 07 57. 16 57. 11 Percentage of female midtoseniorlevel managers ( )30. 78 30. 59 30. 79 Percentage of male midtoseniorlevel managers ( )69. 22 69. 41 69. 21 Number of local employees at overseas institutions Note 23, 022 23, 033 23, 992 Number of minority employees 13, 759 13, 487 13, 260 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (10, 000 persontimes)292. 25 278. 26 266. 37 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)48. 06 44. 12 43. 55Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of occupational injury cases 8 4 3 Number of serviceattributable death incidents 0 0 0 Number of service attributable deaths 0 0 0 Ratio of serviceattributable deaths ( )0 0 0 Workdays lost due to serviceattributable injury 480 120 100 Diversity and employee protection Occupational health and safety (OHS)Note Except for the data on Percentage of female employees and Number of local employees in overseas institutions which cover the Group, the rest of the data in the table covers domestic commercial banking. Note Data covers Head Office. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Percentage of employees trained ( )97. 85 97. 52 97. 01 Average length of employee training (hours)55. 32 48. 16 48. 32 Number and percentage of employees trained by gender Female employees trained 170, 916 171, 602 175, 377 Male employees trained 129, 416 123, 724 130, 847 Percentage of female employees trained ( )97. 57 Percentage of male employees trained ( )98. 22 Number and percentage of employees trained by worker type Senior management members trained (10, 000 persontimes)1. 34 1. 25 1. 43 Midlevel management members trained (10, 000 persontimes)32. 57 32. 97 26. 57 Nonmanagement employees trained (10, 000 persontimes)258. 33 244. 04 238. 37 Percentage of senior management members trained ( )100 Percentage of midlevel management members trained ( )100 Percentage of nonmanagement employees trained ( )97. 80 Employee Education and Training Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Average length of employee training by gender Average length of female employee training (hours)56. 09 52. 03 51. 74 Average length of male employee training (hours)54. 30 45. 72 45. 83 Average length of employee training by worker type Average length of training attended by senior management members (hours)56. 72 47. 62 46. 30 Average length of training attended by midlevel management members (hours)62. 54 58. 37 61. 99 Average length of training attended by nonmanagement employees (hours)55. 25 47. 34 41. 92Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total assets (RMB 1 million)32, 432, 166 28, 893, 548 26, 722, 408 Operating income (RMB 1 million)622, 889 585, 367 605, 559 Operating expenses (RMB 1 million)328, 816 301, 589 329, 428 Total profit before income tax (RMB 1 million)295, 608 283, 641 276, 620 Profit for the year (RMB 1 million)246, 371 236, 725 227, 339 Return on average total assets ( )0. 80 0. 85 0. 89 Return on average equity ( )10. 12 10. 77 11. 28 Capital adequacy ratio ( )17. 74 17. 52 16. 53 Income tax expense (RMB 1 million)49, 237 46, 916 49, 281 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB 1 million)2, 629, 510 2, 423, 973 2, 225, 153 Social contribution per share (RMB)3. 42 2. 81 2. 60 Governance Performance Value creation Note The Group has adopted the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 25 of the Bank ( hereinafter referred to as the Standards for Insurance Contracts ) issued by the Ministry of Finance. The first implementation date of the Standards is January 1, 2023. Inaccordance with the requirements in Standards for Insurance Contracts, the Group has restated the figures for the comparative period from 1 January 2022, and the relevant comparative figures from 1 January 2022 presented in this report have been restated accordingly. Other prior period comparative figures are not restated.
133 132Indicator Number Percentage ( ) Board members 14 100 Executive directors 3 21. 4 Nonexecutive directors 5 35. 7 Independent directors 6 42. 9 Directors from the Chinese mainland 10 71. 4 Directors from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 2 14. 3 Directors from other countries regions 2 14. 3 Male directors 14 100 Female directors 0 0 Directors aged below 55 4 28. 6 Directors aged 5560 5 35. 7 Directors aged above 60 5 35. 7 Board development In 2023, the Bank convened 13 board meetings with an average attendance rate of 91. According to the Articles of Association of Bank of China Limited Note 1, each director of the Bank should attend at least twothirds of the board meetings in person each year. The Board of Directors reviewed 87 proposals during the year. The special committees of the Board of Directors actively assisted the Board of Directors in fulfilling its duties based on the authorization. In 2023, the Bank organized two training sessions for board members, with 11 directors participating. The average training time per board member was 4. 6 hours. The training contents included antimoney laundering policy analysis and antimoney laundering situation, green finance and other aspects. It has formulated the Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited Note 2, which lays out the stance of the Bank on the diversity of the Board of Directors and specifies the approaches to realize board diversity on an ongoing basis. The selection of board members is based on various diversity considerations, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, region, professional experience, skills, knowledge and tenure. Board members have a broad vision and extensive experience in the professional fields of corporate finance, economic research, stateowned asset management, financial accounting and compliance management. All directors have experience ineconomic and financial work. The average tenure of board members is 2. 4 years. As of the end of 2023, the Bank had six independent directors, who constitute 43 of the board of directors. They are selected from wellknown individuals both domestically and internationally, possessing high levels of professional competence and strong reputations. According to the Articles of Association, independent directors of the Bank may not simultaneously hold positions in more than two commercial banks, ensuring they have adequate time and energy to effectively fulfill their duties. Independent directors do not hold any positions other than directorships within the Bank, and they are not influenced by the Bank's major shareholders, ultimate controllers, or other entities or individuals with significant interests related to the Bank. Note 1 Seethe Articles of Association of Bank of China Limited for details. https pic. bankofchina. com bocappd report 202311 P 020231124638482504258. pdf https pic. bankofchina. com bocappd report 202311 P 020231124638482504258. pdf Director Shareholders' Meetings Meetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Ge Haijiao 2 2 7 8 Liu Jin 3 3 11 13 Lin Jingzhen 3 3 11 13 Zhang Yong 2 2 7 7 Zhang Jiangang 3 3 13 13 Huang Binghua 3 3 13 13 Liu Hui 1 1 4 4 Shi Yongyan 1 1 3 3 Jiang Guohua 3 3 10 13 Martin Cheung Kong Liao 3 3 11 13 Chui Sai Peng Jose 3 3 11 13 Jean Louis Ekra 3 3 13 13 E Weinan 3 3 11 13 Giovanni Tria 3 3 13 13 Number of meetings attended in person Number of meetings convened during term of office Note The above table shows the employment of directors as of the end of 2023. Meetings were held in the form of onsite meeting or via written proposal Director Shareholders' Meetings Meetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Former Directors Wang Wei 0 0 1 2 Chen Jianbo 0 0 4 4 Xiao Lihong 2 2 6 6 Wang Xiaoya 2 2 6 6Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of publicly disclosed documents 388 389 388 Number of documents issued at A share market 123 123 126 Number of Chinese documents issued at H share market 139 139 132 English documents issued at H share market 126 127 130 Investor conferences held 180 179 178 Investor hotlines answered 105 125 111 Responses to enquiries posted oneinteraction online platform run by the SSE 13 27 57 Responses to emails through theIR mailbox 55 74 73 Information Disclosure and Investor Communications Integrity and Anti Corruption The Bank continues to improve its information disclosure management system, with the goal of enhancing transparency, enriching and optimizing disclosure content, enhancing the pertinence and effectiveness of disclosure, and effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The Bank is dedicated to preventing integrity risks and aggressively combating corruption. It has established robust supervisory mechanisms to maintain a highpressure stance against corruption. The Bank upholds the integrated approach of dare not, cannot, and do not want to corrupt. It intensifies efforts to investigate and address violations of laws and regulations while enhancing power constraints mechanisms to promote the purification and solidification of its foundation. The Bank prioritizes integrity building and anticorruption efforts across its global operations, continuously enhancing its governance standards. It tailors its approach to the unique circumstances of overseas institutions, strengthening oversight and upholding strict disciplinary measures. This extends the exercising full and strict governance over the Party to encompass the Bank's international activities. Overseas institutions enhance integrity risk prevention and control measures based on local circumstances, intensify educational initiatives, and continuously promote a strong atmosphere of integrity and compliance in overseas operations. The Bank keeps improving the supervision system of overseas institutions, bolstering supervision forces, increasing supervision and punishment efforts, and promoting the implementation of various requirements for integrity building. For more information on corruption cases, please visit the website of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection and the National Supervisory Commission. Note 2 Seethe Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited for details. Note The above table shows the composition of the Board of Directors as at the end of 2023.
135 134 Handling letterorvisit matters Intellectual Property Protection Responsible Procurement Cybersecurity and Information Security The Bank has formulated and revised the Measures for Managing Letterorvisit Matters of Bank of China Limited to further improve the mechanisms for handling complaints and petitions. Citizens, legal entities or other organizations can reflect their situations and opinions through telephone calls, letters, visits, and other means. A complaint and petition office team and reception station have been established at the Head Office, and dedicated staff members are assigned to handle complaints and petitions at domestic branches. They carefully handle letters, calls, and visits, listen to the opinions, suggestions and demands of petitioners, and accept complaints and petitions from stakeholders in realname or anonymous forms, fully protecting the personal privacy and safety of petitioners and prohibiting anyone to retaliate against whistleblowers in any form. Any act of preventing others from reporting or providing evidence, divulging the identity of a whistleblower, defaming, threatening, retaliating against others, etc. is strictly handled in accordance with laws, regulations, and the Measures for Handling of Employee Violations of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022). The Bank strictly complies with the Cyber Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Data Governance of Banking Financial Institutions, and other requirements. It has formulated a series of policies covering data governance, data security management, customer information protection, including the Overall Information Security Strategy of Bank of China Limited and the Data Governance Policy of Bank of China Limited, applicable to the entire Group. The Bank has established a responsibility system for cybersecurity and information security. The Chairman is the top leader responsible for cybersecurity, the Financial Digitalization Committee is the leading body for cybersecurity, and the Chief Information Security Officer is the highest executive manager supervising the Bank's internal network, information and data security. In 2023, the Board of Directors, senior management, and Risk Management and Internal Control Committee listened to and discussed reports on information technology risk situation, cybersecurity capability enhancement, and data security protection, guiding the Bank to continuously improve its ability to prevent information technology risks and ensure cybersecurity and data security. The implementation of information security management has been incorporated into the performance appraisal system for the Group's institutions and their senior management, including aspects such as leakage, damage, tampering of sensitive information, virus infection and spread, external penetration or attacks on internal networks or systems, security inspections, and issue rectification. The Bank has been working to enhance its cybersecurity and information security protection capabilities. It has established a 7 24 professional The Bank strictly complies with laws and regulations such as the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China. It advocates the concept of intellectual property protection and applies for and protects trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights in accordance with the Bank's intellectual property management measures. At the same time, the Bank fully respects others' intellectual property rights and pays close attention to preventing intellectual property infringement risks. cybersecurity operation system covering the entire Group, with unified command and proactive response, forming mechanisms for threat event handling, security vulnerability management, and threat intelligence sharing. Throughout the year, the Bank arranged the cybersecurity blue team to conduct drill, and regularly carried out internal and external security assessments, vulnerability scans, penetration tests, and endtoend security defence effectiveness verifications to proactively identify risks and vulnerabilities in networks and information systems. Cybersecurity emergency response plans have been formulated, and the work safety management system and R&Dand operation support system have been improved to enhance secure production support capabilities. In terms of employee training, the Bank organized multiple cybersecurity management training sessions, professional certification training, data security management and customer information protection themed training activities throughout the Group during the year, covering fulltime employees and dispatched employees. All employees at the Head Office departments and domestic branches were required to take an online examination on data security and customer information protection to strengthen cybersecurity and information security awareness among all employees. The Bank conducted retrospective reviews of cybersecurity and information security issues and promptly reviewed and revised relevant policies inaccordance with new regulatory requirements. The Bank's cybersecurity and information securityrelated systems have obtained multiple domestic and international certifications, including CMMI Level 4 (Capability Maturity Model Integration for Software), ISO 20000 (Information Technology Service Management System Certification), ISO 27000 (Information Security Management System Standards), ISO 9000 (Quality Management System Standards), and PCIDSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards). Additionally, the Bank conducts internal and external audits on operation and maintenance, development, network and data security every year, and engages thirdparty institutions to evaluate its network operation and maintenance service capabilities, issuing ISAE 3402 International Assurance Reports and SSAE 18 SOC 2 (System and Organization Controls) System Effectiveness Reports. In 2023, the Bank did not experience any cybersecurity, information security or privacy breach incidents caused by technology issues. The Bank's Centralized Procurement Center takes the leadin green and sustainable procurement. Inaccordance with the Bank of China Limited Supplier Management Measures (Version 2023), the Procurement Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), and other policy documents, the Bank follows the principles of openness, fairness, impartiality, good faith, and efficiency in procurement. It has established an open, impartial, and transparent procurement management mechanism, strictly implementing procurement procedures. The selection of procurement methods is based on the principles of legality, compliance, competition, and optimal choice, with priority given to open bidding. The singlesource method is chosen prudently. The Bank guarantees equal participation rights for small and mediumsized enterprise suppliers and strictly prohibits anticompetitive practices such as setting exclusive clauses in procurement requirements. When formulating basic qualification requirements for qualified suppliers, except for individual projects with special needs, the Bank does not impose requirements on registered capital or enterprise scale. The Bank incorporates the concept of responsible procurement into various stages, including supplier admission, procurement, evaluation, and management. All procurement invitation documents explicitly require suppliers to have no major violations of laws and regulations or major violations involving environmental protection, labor employment, or consumer rights protection in their business operations. During supplier inspections and project evaluations, the Bank assesses suppliers' commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility. In addition to suppliers' written commitments, the Bank inspects their environmental protection equipment and measures, labor contract signing and social insurance, employee working conditions, office health and safety, and labor protection measures during project inspections, which are considered in the evaluation process. All shortlisted suppliers are required to sign the Bank of China Limited Supplier Integrity Code of Conduct as an appendix to the cooperation agreement, strictly prohibiting commercial bribery, interference in procurement, disclosure of secrets, intentional breach of contract, and other violations of integrity. Suppliers involved in bribery in centralized procurement or with integrity issues and other misconduct are included in the negative list management. The Bank has established a punishment mechanism and management procedures for suppliers on the negative list. The Bank convenes multiple supplier communication meetings annually to listen to their expectations and address their concerns. It also continuously optimizes the complaint and whistleblowing mechanisms, following the Measures for Handling Questions from Suppliers of Centralised Procurement of China of Bank Limited (Version 2022). The Bank provides suppliers with multiple complaint channels and publicizes the supervision and whistleblowing channels in the new version of the procurement document template, clarifying the supplier complaint handling process. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total number of centralised procurement projects 16, 419 13, 652 13, 961 Budget amount involved in centralised procurements (RMB 100 million)334. 32 264. 78 292. 49 Number of suppliers of the Head Office 952 977 1, 087 Number of suppliers in the Chinese mainland 862 880 Proportion of suppliers in the Chinese mainland ( )90 90 90 Number of suppliers in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and other regions 95 97 Proportion of suppliers in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and other regions ( )10 10 10 Coverage ratio of supplier review ( )100 100 100 Supplier social responsibility training sessions held 3 2 3
137 136 Responsibility Management Core Degree of impact on stakeholders Average Core Degree of impact on BOCMateriality Analysis Stakeholder Engagement Core issues Important issues The Bank conducts regular materiality analyses every year. By identifying and assessing social responsibility issues, it determines the social responsibility issues that are material to both the Bank and its stakeholders, and discloses them in the report. 1 Serve the implementation of national strategies 2 Serve the real economy 3 Develop green finance 4 Improve people's wellbeing 5 Consumer protection 6 Compliance and internal control management 7 Cyber security, information security and privacy protection 15 Advance digitalised transition 16 Employee rights and benefits 17 Human capital development 18 Facilitate rural revitalisation 19 Sustained shareholder returns 1 5 84 6 9 11 12161317 1415 18 20 22 21 1923102 3 78 Serve highstandard openingup 9 Prevent and resolve financial risks 10 Financial literacy 11 Improve customer experience 12 Promote inclusive finance 13 Product and service innovation 14 Climate change response 20 Charitable activities and volunteer services 21 Optimise corporate governance 22 Stakeholder engagement 23 Practice green operations Stakeholders Expectation Communication Channel State Serve the implementation of national strategies Serve the real economy Serve highstandard openingup Comprehensive risk management Promote inclusive finance Routine communication and reporting Project approval and supervision Cooperation on major projects Customers Promote inclusive finance Consumer protection Product and service innovation Improve customer experience Cyber security, information security and privacy protection Daily communication on services Customer satisfaction surveys Customer complaint handling 95566 call centre Web portal, We Chat official account, and microblog, etc. Shareholders Optimise corporate governance Prevent and resolve financial risks Advance digitalised transition Regular reports and interim reports Shareholders' Meeting Investor surveys Business results release Environment Climate change response Develop green finance Practice green operations Project environmental risk assessment Environmental performance collection and disclosure Green public welfare activities Communities Improve people's wellbeing Facilitate rural revitalisation Charitable activities and volunteer services Stakeholder engagement Public welfare and charity activities Field surveys and visits Community exchange activities Communication with media Employees Human capital development Employee rights and benefits Stakeholder engagement Awards ceremony Regular training Corporate culture activities Web portal, We Chat official account, and microblog, etc. BOC identified 23 CSR issues that could impact it and its stakeholders, given its development strategies and plans with reference to industry hotspots and development trends, major national policies, aswell as major CSR standards and mainstream ESG rating systems available at home and abroad, including but not limited to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative(GRI Standards Version 2021), the MSCI ESG Ratings, and the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Step 1 Step 2 Step 3 Identification Internal and external stakeholders were invited to assess CSR issues by means of filling in online questionnaires from two dimensions, that is, degree of impact on BOC and degree of impact on stakeholders. Reporting Assessment Based on the assessment results and statistical analysis, a materiality matrix was formed to rank the materiality of the issues and clarify the key disclosure content in the report.
139 138 Inclusive finance Green Finance As a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Banking, BOC has incorporated sustainable development issues such as green finance and inclusive finance into its key development strategies, continuously promoting the development of responsible finance and achieving positive results. In 2023, in terms of green finance, the Bank actively strove to become the preferred bank for green financial services, with its green finance business developing in a healthy and rapid manner. In terms of inclusive finance, it constructed an integrated and diversified inclusive finance service system centered on commercial banking services, featuring village and township finance, supplemented by consumer finance and public welfare services, achieving quantitative growth, expanded coverage, and enhanced quality in inclusive finance. The Bank solidifies and optimizes its inclusive finance services, precisely meeting the financial needs of inclusive customer groups, and striving to enhance the accessibility, availability, and coverage of financial services for small and micro enterprises, selfemployed business owners, farmers, and new agricultural business entities. The Bank closely follows the goals of achieving carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, insisting on making green finance a focus for promoting highquality economic and social development. It strengthens the toplevel design of green finance, enhances customers' ESG risk management capabilities, steadily upgrades its green finance product and service system, and strives to become the preferred bank for green financial services. The concept of green development is internalized into all aspects of the Bank's operation, management, and business development, continuously contributing financial strength to the comprehensive promotion of building a beautiful China. Note The Target Commitment for inclusive finance are reviewed and revised regularly based on annual regulatory development requirements. Commitment and Progress Target Commitment Note Target Commitment Progress in 2023 Progress in 2023 By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB 2. 5 trillion, making BOC a leading bank in serving inclusive customer groups. During the 14 th Fiveyear Plan period, new loans to green industries will beno less than RMB 3 trillion (20212025) Asset quality remains at a good level Yearonyear increase in balance of domestic green loans Yearonyear expansion of green bond investments Strive to become a market leader in underwriting green bonds BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. RMB 1. 76 trillion balance of inclusive loans Yearonyear increase of 56. 34 The scale of green bond investments continued to increase. At the end of 2023, the scale of green bond investments exceeded RMB 100 billion. The Bank ranked first in the interbank market for domestic green bond underwriting and first among Chinese peers on Bloomberg's Global Offshore Green Bond ranking No new financing for new coal mining projects and new coal power projects outside of China At the end of 2023, the balance of domestic green loans reached RMB 3, 106, 700 million, with an increase of RMB 1, 119, 500 million, representing an increase of RMB 2, 209, 900 million compared to the end of the 13 th Fiveyear Plan (end of 2020) Keep the nonperforming green loan ratio below 0. 5, lower than the Group's overall nonperforming loan ratio During 20212025, the growth rates of inclusive loans and customers will continue to meet regulatory requirements. 43. 17 growth in inclusive loans 43. 21 growth in inclusive customers
141 140 Outlook The broad path lies ahead, boundless for those who tread it. This year marks the 75 th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China anda crucial moment for achieving the goals and tasks outlines in the 14 th Five Year Plan. In 2024, Bank of China will continue to be guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, fully and accurately implementing the new development philosophy. The Bank will enhance its sense of responsibility and mission as a large bank and take more powerful actions to serve the overall economic and social development and provide warmer services to meet the people's aspirations fora better life, contributing more strength to the comprehensive construction of a modern socialist country. Adhering to practicing the fundamental purpose and serve as the main force supporting the real economy, adding luster to the continued economic recovery and improvement. The Bank will focus on major strategies, key areas, and weak links. Centering on the Five Major Tasks, it will optimize financial service supply and build a diversified and professional financial product and service system. The Bank willfully support technological innovation and industrial innovation, serve the construction of a modern industrial system, and facilitate accelerating the development of new productive forces. It will increase financial services in areas such as tackling key core technologies, supporting investment to drive economic growth. The Bank will serve largescale equipment upgrades and the replacement of consumer goods, unleashing consumption potential. It will support private, small and micro enterprises that better meeting the financing needs of market entities. Leveraging its global advantages, the Bank will create a batch of benchmark projects and effectively implement the eight actions to support highquality joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, better serving major exhibitions and promoting domestic and international connectivity.. Adhering to green transformation development, acting as a guardian of our beautiful home and striving tirelessly to promote harmony between humanity and nature. Actively responding to climate change and anchored on the goals of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, the Bank will deepen reforms in the Group's operations and management, accelerating the green transformation of its development model. It will increase support for emerging industries such as clean energy, promote the clean and efficient utilization of traditional energy. The Bank will intensify financial innovation and optimize a comprehensive financial product and service system including loans, bonds, insurance, and funds. The Bank will continue to strengthen the whole process management of customer ESG risk. It will continue to promote green office practices, green procurement, and lowcarbon operations to reduce the Group's total energy consumption. The Bank will deepen exchanges and cooperation in the green finance field, enhance its capacity to fulfill responsibilities in international green organizations, and join hands with global partners to make the earth greener and our home more beautiful. Adhering to a peopleoriented financial ethos, serving as a caring partner for the people and channeling more energy into improving their wellbeing. Focusing on housing, education, healthcare, employment, and elderly care, the Bank will take more measures to benefit and warm the hearts of the people, further enriching scenario ecosystems to better meet the financial service needs of the masses. It will support the construction of anew housing development model and contribute to the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Bank will implement the strategies prioritizing employment and provide supports to stabilize and expand job opportunities. It will actively support rural revitalization, expanding its presence in counties without outlets The Bank will deepen assistance in areas lifted out of poverty and promote common prosperity. It will create a BOC model for charitable finance, gathering more acts of kindness and rallying the power of love to build a better society together. Adhering to balancing development and security, acting as a ballast for maintaining financial stability and building a solid foundation for sustainable development. The Bank will adhere to the positive interaction between highquality development and a high level of security, properly handling the relationships between rights and responsibilities, speed and stability, prevention and elimination. Benchmarking against new business forms, models, and demands, it will deepen the reform of its comprehensive risk management, fortify weak links in management, and continuously enhance its risk foresight, response, and mitigation capabilities. The Bank will strengthen the application of financial technology and improve intelligent risk control to achieve early risk identification, early warning, early exposure, and early mitigation. It will establish a longterm internal control and compliance mechanism, strengthen penetrating management, and promote compliant development and operations. About the Report The Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited ( BOC, the Bank, or the Group ) and all its members warrant that this report contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and jointly and severally accept full responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information in this notice. Organisation Consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the Bank. Time From January 1 to December 31, 2023, with some exceptions. Reporting cycle Annual report. This is the 17 th CSR report released by BOC consecutively. The previous CSR Report was released in March 2023. This report is prepared inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Selfdiscipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, aswell as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards 2021 version) and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. This report follows the reporting principles setout in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Coverage Preparation references This report discloses the materiality assessment made in 2022 in the section of Responsibility Management, which includes the processes and methods used to identify environment, social, and corporate governance (ESG) topics; the stakeholder surveys; the materiality matrix of ESG topics generated given the surveying findings; the stakeholders identified and their engagement and expectations for the Bank. The materiality analysis processes and results, along with other parts of this report, are submitted to the Board of Directors of the Bank for hearing, review, and adoption. Materiality The standards and sources of conversion factors used in the calculation of GHG emissions and energy consumption are disclosed in the Environmental Performance section of the ESG Key Performance part in this report. Quantitative The methodology used to measure KPIs in this report is consistent with that adopted in previous years. Consistency The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2023 financial report independently audited by Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2022 and the reports of previous years aswell. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP assumes the liability for qualified assurance services on selected key data disclosed in the report and issues an independent assurance report. The report will be issued in printed format. The electronic version is available at the website of BOC (www. boc. cn). This report is issued in Chinese and English. Incase of any discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. If you have any comments or suggestions on the content of this report or our CSR ESG work, please scan the QR code to fill in the questionnaire. We will take your feedback seriously and keep your personal information strictly confidential. Data basis Guarantee Disclosure format Reader's feedback
143 142 Assurance Statement 2024 SH -0137 (Page 1 3) English Translation for Reference Only Independent practitioner's assurance report To the Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2023 key data as defined below in the 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report ( CSR Report ) of Bank of China Limited (the Bank ). Selected Key Data The selected key data in the Bank's 2023 CSR Report that is covered by this report is as follows Number of employees Number of female employees Number of new hires in the year Percentage of female mid -tosenior -level managers Execution of employment con tracts Number of occupational injury cases Customer complaints throughout the year Individual customer's satisfaction Corporate customer's satisfaction Overall customer satisfaction Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees Donations Number of operating outlets in the mainland Number of outlets in national -level rural revitalisation assistance counties Balance of loans to small and micro enterprises Number of video conferences Number of mobile banking customers Social contribution per share Our assurance was with respect to the year ended 31 December 2023 information only and we have not performed any procedures with respect to earlier periods or any other elements included in the 2023 CSR Report. 2 2024 SH -0137 (Page 2 3) Criteria The criteria used by the Bank to prepare the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report is set out in the basis of reporting of the key data (the basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. Management's Responsibilities The Management of the Bank is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report inaccordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirement of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirem ents. Practitioner's Responsibilities It is our responsibility to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report based on our work. We conducted our work inaccordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance en gagement is
145 144 Basis of Reporting Number of employees (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of employees of the Bank of China (excluding nonfinancial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contractual employees and labour dispatch employees. Number of female employees (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of female employees of the Bank of China (excluding nonfinancial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contractual employees and labour dispatch employees. Number of new hires in the year (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of new contract staff recruited in social recruitment and campus recruitment during the reporting period at the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China. Percentage of female midtoseniorlevel managers ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period. Execution of employment contracts ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the proportion of employees who signed employment contracts with the Bank of China and the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period. Number of occupational injury cases (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the number of occupational injury cases that occurred in the Head office of the Bank of China and directly affiliated institutions in Beijing without independent licenses during the reporting period. Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of complaints obtained by the Head Office of the Bank of China, branches and credit card centers (excluding integrated operating companies) through official websites, mobile banking and credit card mobile clients, business outlets, government agencies, regulatory authorities, etc. at the end of the reporting period. Individual customers satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained from satisfaction questionnaires distributed to individual customers by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China, through online and offline channels such as Bank of China's microbanking public number, mobile banking App, thirdparty survey platforms, and pushed by business outlets and account managers during the reporting period. Corporate customers satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained from satisfaction questionnaires distributed by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China to large enterprise customers, mediumsized enterprise customers, small and micro enterprise customers, custodian customers, financial institution customers and major types of customers of administrative undertakings during the reporting period. Overall customer satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China through the distribution of satisfaction questionnaires to corporate and individual customers during the reporting period. Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (10, 000 persontimes) The term disclosed here in refers to the total persontimes of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank of China who participated in training during the reporting period. Donations (RMB 1 million) The term disclosed here in refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pretax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Number of operating outlets in the mainland (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the domestic operating outlets (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas branches), which are approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, of the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period, including the Head Office, primary branches, directly affiliated branches, secondary branches, subbranches and branches. Number of outlets in nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of outlets setup by the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period based on the List of Key Counties for National Rural Revitalisation Support (160 counties) announced by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Bureau in August 2021. Balance of loans to small and micro enterprises (RMB 1 million) The term disclosed here in refers to the balance of loans to small and microenterprises by the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period according to the calibre of the National Financial Regulatory Administration (formerly China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission), which is the balance of loans to small and microenterprises with total singlefamily credit amount of less than RMB 10 million (inclusive) (including the balance of small and micro enterprise loans, the balance of individual industrial and commercial loans, and the balance of small and micro business owners, excluding the balance of bill discounting and rediscounting business). Number of video conferences (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank of China during the reporting period. Number of mobile banking customers (100 millions) The term disclosed here in refers to the cumulative number of customers who registered for the Bank of China Mobile Banking App in domestic at the end of the reporting period. Social contribution per share (RMB) The term disclosed here in refers to the valueadded per share created for the society calculated based on the basic earnings per share created by the Bank for shareholders, adding the value created by the Bank for other stakeholders during the reporting period, such as taxes paid by the Bank for the state, wages paid to employees, loan interest paid to creditors and total external donations, and deducting other costs derived from environmental pollution. 3 2024 SH -0137 (Page 3 3) substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Accordingly, we do not express a reasonable assurance opinion about whether the Bank's 2023 selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report has been prepared, in all material respects, inaccordance with the basis of reporting. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report, whether due to fraud or error, and responding to the assessed risks. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engagement risk. We have performed the following procedures 1) Interviews with relevant departments of the Head Office of the Bank involved in providing information for the selected key data within the CSR Report; and 2) Analytical procedure; 3) Consistency comparison with related data in the financial report; 4) Examination, ona test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 5) Recalculation; and 6) Other procedures deemed necessary. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non -financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 2023 selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report is not prepared, in all material respects, inaccordance with the basis of reporting. Restriction on Use Our report has been prepared for and only for the board of directors of the Bank and is not tobe used for any other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other parties for the content of this report. Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP Shanghai, China March 28, 2024
147 146 Indexes Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Universal Standards 2021)Statement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental Data Statement of Use The Bank of China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2023 (with some exceptions) with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI 1 used GRI 1 Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location General Disclosures GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021 Disclosure 21 Organizational details 67 Disclosure 22 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting 141 Disclosure 23 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 141 Disclosure 24 Restatements of information 124 131 Disclosure 25 External assurance 142147 Disclosure 26 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 67 Disclosure 27 Employees 129130 Disclosure 28 Workers who are not employees 129 Disclosure 29 Governance structure and composition 100101 132133 Disclosure 210 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 132 Disclosure 212 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 12, 102 Disclosure 213 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 13 100102 Disclosure 214 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 102
149 148 GRI Standard Disclosure Location GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021 Disclosure 215 Conflicts of interest Please refer to the Annual Report Disclosure 216 Communication of critical concerns 104105 136137 Disclosure 217 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 12 121 132 Disclosure 218 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 219 Remuneration policies 102 107 Disclosure 220 Process to determine remuneration 102 107 Disclosure 221 Annual total compensation ratio Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 222 Statement on sustainable development strategy 25 Disclosure 225 Processes to remediate negative impacts 2829 7677 133134 Disclosure 226 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 134 141 Disclosure 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 106 123134 Disclosure 228 Membership associations 40 Disclosure 229 Approach to stakeholder engagement 136137 Disclosure 230 Collective bargaining agreements 110 Material Topics GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 31 Process to determine material topics 136 Disclosure 32 List of material topics 136 Economic Performance GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 2330 98121 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016 Disclosure 2011 Direct economic value generated and distributed 125126 138139 Disclosure 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 2022 Disclosure 2013 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 110111 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 4273 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016 Disclosure 2031 Infrastructure investments and services supported 3136 4273 Disclosure 2032 Significant indirect economic impacts 3136 4273 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 39 135 GRI 204 Procurement Practices 2016 Disclosure 2041 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 135 Anticorruption GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 9899 122 GRI 205 Anticorruption 2016 Disclosure 2052 Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures 9899 133 Disclosure 2053 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 133 Materials GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 3739 GRI 301 Materials 2016 Disclosure 3011 Materials used by weight or volume 124 Disclosure 3013 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 124 Energy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 3739 123 GRI 302 Energy 2016 Disclosure 3021 Energy consumption within the organization 123 Disclosure 3022 Energy consumption outside of the organization 123 Disclosure 3023 Energy intensity 123 Disclosure 3024 Reduction of energy consumption 123 Disclosure 3025 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 123
151 150 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Water and Effluents GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 3739 124 GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018 Disclosure 3031 Interactions with water as a shared resource 124 Disclosure 3032 Management of water dischargerelated impacts 124 Disclosure 3035 Water consumption 124 Biodiversity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 19 27 GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016 Disclosure 3042 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity 19 27 Emissions GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 3739 123 GRI 305 Emissions 2016 Disclosure 3051 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 123 Disclosure 3052 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 123 Disclosure 3054 GHG emissions intensity 123 Disclosure 3055 Reduction of GHG emissions 123 Waste GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 3739 124 GRI 306 Waste 2020 Disclosure 3061 Waste generation and significant wasterelated impacts 124 Disclosure 3062 Management of significant wasterelated impact 124 Disclosure 3063 Waste generated 124 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 39 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 Disclosure 3082 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 39 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Employment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106 GRI 401 Employment 2016 Disclosure 4011 New employee hires and employee turnover 129 Disclosure 4012 Benefits provided to fulltime employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees 107 110111 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106107 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018 Disclosure 4033 Occupational health services 110111 Disclosure 4034 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 107 Disclosure 4036 Promotion of worker health 110111 Disclosure 4039 Workrelated injuries 130 Disclosure 40310 Workrelated ill health 130 Training and Education GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 108109 GRI 404 Training and Education 2016 Disclosure 4041 Average hours of training per year per employee 130 Disclosure 4042 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 108109 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106 132 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 Disclosure 4051 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 129 132 Nondiscrimination GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106 119 GRI 406 Nondiscrimination 2016 Disclosure 4061 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 107 119
153 152 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Child Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 106 Local Communities GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 8389 GRI 413 Local Communities 2016 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs 8389 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 135 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016 Disclosure 4141 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 135 Disclosure 4142 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 135 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 7482 126127 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 127 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 2016 Disclosure 4171 Requirements for product and service information and labeling 127 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 33 Management of material topics 128 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location A. Environment Aspect A 1 Emissions General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. 123124 KPI A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 124 KPI A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 123 KPI A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 124 KPI A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)124 KPI A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 3739 123124 KPI A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 124 Aspect A 2 Use of Resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. 15 123124 KPI A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in '000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 123 KPI A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 124 KPI A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 3739 123 KPI A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 39 124 KPI A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. 124
155 154 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location Aspect A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources General Disclosure Policies on minimizing the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources. 1519 KPI A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. 1230 Aspect A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. 1519 KPI A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. 1241 B. Social Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B 1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. 106108 KPI B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fullor parttime), age group and geographical region. 129 KPI B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 129 Aspect B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. 110111 KPI B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. 130 KPI B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. 130 KPI B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. 110111 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location Aspect B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. 108110 KPI B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). 130 KPI B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. 131 Aspect B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. 106 KPI B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. 106 KPI B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 106 Operating Practices Aspect B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. 135 KPI B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 135 KPI B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. 135 KPI B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. 135 KPI B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. 39 135
157 156 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location Aspect B 6 Product Responsibility General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. 7475 127128 KPI B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. Not Applicable KPI B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. 7677 KPI B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. 134 KPI B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 75 127 KPI B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. 128 Aspect B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. 119120 KPI B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. 133 KPI B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. 120121 KPI B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. 121 133 Community Aspect B 8 Community Investment General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. 84 KPI B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). 8395 KPI B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. 8395 126 Reporting and Selfassessment Requirements for the UN's Principles for Responsible Banking Principle 1 Alignment We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals' needs and society's goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks. Business Model Describe (highlevel) your bank's business model, including the main customer segments served, types of products and services provided, the main sectors and types of activities, and where relevant the technologies financed across the main geographies in which your bank has operations or provides products and services. Quantify relevant information by disclosing the regional and departmental (on off balance sheet) distribution of your bank's investment portfolios or the number of customers and clients served. Response As China's most globalized and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 64 countries and regions. The Bank has a wellestablished global service network and an integrated service platform based on the pillars of its corporate banking, personal banking, financial markets and other commercial banking business, which covers investment banking, direct investment, securities, insurance, funds, aircraft leasing, asset management, financial technology, financing leasing and other areas, thus providing its customers with financial solutions featuring oneclick access, global response and integrated services. By the end of 2023, the Bank had established 10, 299 outlets (including the Head Office) in China covering 64. 63 of the counties, and overseas institutions in 64 countries and regions all over the world, including 44 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). The Bank recorded mobile banking customers of nearly 275 million. Reference(s) Link(s) 67 128 Strategic consistency In your bank's corporate strategy, will sustainability be identified as a strategic priority and indicated? Yes No Describe how your bank has aligned and or is planning to align its strategy tobe consistent with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Climate Agreement, and relevant national and regional frameworks. Does your bank also reference any of the following frameworks or sustainability regulatory reporting requirements in its strategic priorities or policies to implement these? UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights International Labour Organization fundamental conventions UN Global Compact UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples Any applicable regulatory reporting requirements on environmental risk assessments, e. g. on climate risk - please specify which ones The report is prepared with reference to the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Any applicable regulatory reporting requirements on social risk assessments, e. g. on modern slavery - please specify which ones None of the above Response The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period and Longrange Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period of Bank of China Limited, with the aim to serve the highquality development of national economy, society and environment, and actively support the implementation of the UN's SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. Reference(s) Link(s) 1941
159 158 Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. 2. 1 Impact Analysis (Key Step 1) Show that your bank has conducted an impact analysis on investment portfolios, and identified the areas of most significant impact and the areas for which objectives are set ona priority basis. The impact analysis shall be updated regularly 1and fulfil the following requirements elements (ad)2 a) Scope What is the scope of your bank's impact analysis? Please describe which parts of the bank'score business areas, products services across the main geographies that the bank operates in (as described under 1. 1) have been considered in the impact analysis. Please also describe which areas have not yet been included, and why. Response This Bank makes technological finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance the Five Major Tasks of strategic focus. It will comprehensively increase resource investment in these areas, enhance the adaptability of financial services, and serve as the main force in supporting the real economy. Reference(s) Link(s) 1941 4754 6769 112115 b) Portfolio composition Has your bank considered the composition of its portfolio (in ) in the analysis? Please provide proportional composition of your portfolio globally and per geographical scope i) by sectors & industries for business, corporate and investment banking portfolios 3(i. e. sector exposure or industry breakdown in ), and or ii) by products & services and by types of customers for consumer and retail banking portfolios. If your bank has taken another approach to determine the bank's scale of exposure, please elaborate, to show how you have considered where the bank'score business major activities lie in terms of industries or sectors. Response The Bank is exploring and researching methods and systems suitable for carbon accounting of its own asset portfolio. It has completed trial calculations of the carbon footprint for its major highcarbon industry asset portfolios. Referring to the Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry by the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and the Carbon Accounting Technical Guidelines for Financial Institutions (Trial) by the People's Bank of China, the Bank has conducted trial calculations of carbon emissions from its corporate loans in major highcarbon industries such as thermal power, steel, and building materials. The Bank has continuously optimized the structure of the brown industries, promoting capacity replacement, green transformation, and technological upgrades. It guides resources towards areas with advanced production capacities, reduced per unit energy consumption, technological and renovation upgrades, and those that are safe, green, intelligent, efficient, and ensure energy supply. In 2023, the brown credit balance of the Bank's domestic corporate business accounted for less than 10 of the total loan balance. Please refer to the Distribution of Loans and NPLs by Industry in the 2023 Annual Report of Bank of China Limited for the distribution of loans by industry. Reference(s) Link(s) 16 25 122 1 That means that where the initial impact analysis has been carried out in a previous period, the information should be updated accordingly, the scope expanded as well as the quality of the impact analysis improved over time. 2 Further guidance can be found in the Interactive Guidance on Impact Analysis and Target setting. 3 Key sectors' relative to different impact areas, i. e. those sectors whose positive and negative impacts are particularly strong, and are particularly relevant here. Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting c) Context What are the main challenges and priorities related to sustainable development in the main countries regions in which your bank and or your clients operate? 1 Please describe how these have been considered, including what stakeholders you have engaged to help inform this element of the impact analysis. This step aims to put your bank's portfolio impacts into the context of society's needs. Response The Bank's main challenges and priorities related to sustainable development include developing green finance, addressing climate change, and promoting inclusive finance. Regarding these factors In terms of developing green finance and addressing climate change, as global climate change intensifies, managing ESG risks and other nontraditional financial risks has become acritical issue widely acknowledged by financial institutions in the banking industry. Consequently, the Bank has prioritized customer ESG risk management as a key task in serving the dual carbon goals, implementing and developing green finance, and continually enhancing customer ESG risk management capabilities. In promoting inclusive finance, small and micro enterprises, selfemployed business owners, small and micro enterprise owners and other inclusive customers are the largest and most dynamic market players, the new force to promote Chinesestyle modernization, the important basis for highquality development, and play an important role in promoting growth, ensuring employment and improving people's livelihood. Therefore, the Bank is committed to providing precise and effective financial services to abroad range of inclusive clientele, enhancing the coverage and satisfaction of inclusive financial services, and contributing to the shared prosperity of all people. Reference(s) Link(s) 2022 47 Based on these first 3 elements of an impact analysis, what positive and negative impact areas has your bank identified? Which (at least two) significant impact areas did you prioritize to pursue your target setting strategy (see 2. 2)2? Please disclose. Response The Bank prioritizes green finance and inclusive finance as two important areas of positive impact. Reference(s) Link(s) 138139 d) For these (min. two prioritized impact areas) Performance measurement Has your bank identified which sectors & industries as well as types of customers financed or invested in are causing the strongest actual positive or negative impacts? Please describe how you assessed the performance of these, using appropriate indicators related to significant impact areas that apply to your bank's context. In determining priority areas for targetsetting among its areas of most significant impact, you should consider the bank's current performance levels, i. e. qualitative and or quantitative indicators and or proxies of the social, economic and environmental impacts resulting from the bank's activities and provision of products and services. If you have identified climate and or financial health&inclusion as your most significant impact areas, please also refer to the applicable indicators in the Annex. If your bank has taken another approach to assess the intensity of impact resulting from the bank's activities and provision of products and services, please describe this. The outcome of this step will then also provide the baseline (incl. indicators) you can use for setting targets in two areas of most significant impact. Response 1. Green finance The Bank has established a performance evaluation system that covers domestic and overseas branches, comprehensive companies, Head Office departments, and senior management. It has set indicators related to green finance and customer ESG risk management. 2. Inclusive finance The Bank incorporates inclusive financerelated indicators into the performance appraisal system for deputy positions of senior management of domestic branches and Tier 1 institutions. Reference(s) Link(s) 1215 1 Global priorities might alternatively be considered for banks with highly diversified and international portfolios. 2 To prioritize the areas of most significant impact, a qualitative overlay to the quantitative analysis as described in a), b) and c) will be important, e. g. through stakeholder engagement and further geographic contextualisation.
161 160 Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting Selfassessment summary Which of the following components of impact analysis has your bank completed, in order to identify the areas in which your bank has its most significant (potential) positive and negative impacts? 1 Scope Yes In progress No Portfolio composition Yes In progress No Context Yes In progress No Performance measurement Yes In progress No Which most significant impact areas have you identified for your bank, as a result of the impact analysis? Climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, financial health & inclusion How recent is the data used for and disclosed in the impact analysis? Up to 6 months prior to publication Up to 12 months prior to publication Up to 18 months prior to publication Longer than 18 months prior to publication 2. 2 Target Setting (Key Step 2) Show that your bank has set and published a minimum of two targets which address at least two different areas of most significant impact that you identified in your impact analysis. The targets 2 have to be Specific, Measurable (qualitative or quantitative), Achievable, Relevant and Timebound (SMART). Please disclose the following elements of target setting (ad), for each target separately a) Alignment which international, regional or national policy frameworks to align your bank's portfolio with have you identified as relevant 3? Show that the selected indicators and targets are linked to and drive alignment with and greater contribution to appropriate Sustainable Development Goals, the goals of the Paris Agreement, and other relevant international, national or regional frameworks. You can build upon the context items under 2. 1. Response The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period and Longrange Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China Limited, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period of Bank of China, with the aim to make greater contributions in serving the highquality development of national economy, society and environment. The Bank has signed or participated in a number of green and ESGrelated initiatives and mechanisms such as PRB, GIP, etc., and actively supports the implementation of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Climate Agreement. Reference(s) Link(s) 138139 b) Baseline Have you determined a baseline for selected indicators and assessed the current level of alignment? Please disclose the indicators used as well as the year of the baseline. You can build upon the performance measurement undertaken in 2. 1 to determine the baseline for your target. A package of indicators has been developed for climate change mitigation and financial health & inclusion to guide and support banks in their target setting and implementation journey. The overview of indicators can be found in the Annex of this template. If your bank has prioritized climate mitigation and or financial health & inclusion as (one of) your most significant impact areas, it is strongly recommended to report on the indicators in the Annex, using an overview table like below including the impact area, all relevant indicators and the corresponding indicator codes 1 You can respond Yes toa question if you have completed one of the described steps, e. g. the initial impact analysis has been carried out, a pilot has been conducted. 2 Operational targets (relating to for example water consumption in office buildings, gender equality on the bank's management board or businesstrip related greenhouse gas emissions) are not in scope of the PRB. 3 Your bank should consider the main challenges and priorities in terms of sustainable development in your main country region of operation for the purpose of setting targets. These can be found in National Development Plans and strategies, international goals such as the SDGs or the Paris Climate Agreement, and regional frameworks. Aligning means there should be a clear link between the bank's targets and these frameworks and priorities, therefore showing how the target supports and drives contributions to the national and global goals. Impact area Indicator code Response Climate change mitigation Impact area Indicator code Response Financial health & inclusion In case you have identified other and or additional indicators as relevant to determine the baseline and assess the level of alignment towards impact driven targets, please disclose these. 1 Key Performance Indicators are chosen indicators by the bank for the purpose of monitoring progress towards targets. Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting Response 1. Green finance Inclose alignment with the nation's carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, and in adherence to the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference, the Bank has reassessed the Group's 14 th Five Year Plan and Green Finance Action Plan based on market and business development circumstances and set more aggressive green financial development targets. Specifically, the target for incremental credit support to green industries during the 14 th Five Year Plan period has been raised from no less than RMB 1 trillion to no less than RMB 3 trillion. Furthermore, the Bank has set forth the objective of achieving a yearonyear increase in green bond investment scale, with a concerted effort to maintain a marketleading position in green bond underwriting. The baseline selected for the indicators is the end of 2020. 2. Inclusive finance The Bank has set the goals that in 20212025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB 2. 5 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. The baseline selected for the indicators is 2020. Reference(s) Link(s) 138139 c) SMART targets (incl. key performance indicators (KPIs)1) Please disclose the targets for your first and your second area of most significant impact, if already in place (aswell as further impact areas, if in place). Which KPIs are you using to monitor progress towards reaching the target? Please disclose. Response The bank has set and announced targets in the areas of green finance and inclusive finance, while simultaneously revising these targets in accordance with regulatory development requirements and progress achieved during the respective year. 1. Targets set for green finance During the 14 th Fiveyear Plan period (20212025), new loans to green industries will beno less than RMB 3 trillion Yearonyear increase in balance of domestic green loans Asset quality remains at a good level Achieving a yearonyear increase in green bond investment scale, with a concerted effort to maintain a marketleading position in green bond underwriting BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted 2. Targets for inclusive finance During 20212025, the growth rates of inclusive loans and customers will continue to meet regulatory requirements By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB 2. 5 trillion, making BOC a leading bank in serving inclusive customer groups Reference(s) Link(s) 138139 d) Action plan which actions including milestones have you defined to meet the set targets? Please describe. Please also show that your bank has analysed and acknowledged significant (potential) indirect impacts of the set targets within the impact area or on other impact areas and that it has set out relevant actions to avoid, mitigate, or compensate potential negative impacts.
163 162 Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting Response 1. Green finance 1) The Bank strengthens monitoring of customers' ESG risks. For customers (projects) in industries and regions identified by national environmental protection, work safety, and other authorities as key targets for rectification of violations and noncompliance, the Bank issues internal risk alerts or risk warnings. The Bank continuously tracks and monitors risk events related to the warnings, and adjusts risk levels and disposal measures in a timely manner based on specific circumstances. The Bank continuously improves customer ESG risk emergency management measures and reporting mechanisms, comprehensively identifying and supervising customers' ESG risk status, and reporting accordingly. 2) The Bank adopts risk management measures such as targeted business strategies, differentiated authority and procedures, and listbased management to proactively control and mitigate ESG risks. In its credit granting strategy and credit rating, the Bank takes positive support initiatives and risk escalation initiatives such as prudent granting of credit or investment and not granting of creditor investment based on the customer's environmental protection rating level, and correlates the customer's environmental protection rating level with the credit rating level. 2. Inclusive finance To achieve its inclusive finance goals, the Bank precisely aligns with the financial needs of inclusive customer groups. It is committed to solving financing difficulties faced by small and micro enterprises, selfemployed business owners, farmers, and new agricultural business entities. The Bank strives to enhance the convenience, accessibility, and coverage of its financial services. Reference(s) Link(s) 2529 4752 Selfassessment summary Which of the following components of target setting in line with the PRB requirements has your bank completed? first area of most significant impact (please name it) Green finance second area of most significant impact (please name it) Inclusive finance(If you are setting targets in more impact areas)your third (and subsequent) area(s) of impact (please name it) Alignment Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Baseline Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Yes In progress No SMART targets Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Action plan Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Yes In progress No Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting 2. 3 Target implementation and monitoring (Key Step 2) For each target separately Show that your bank has implemented the actions it had previously defined to meet the set target. Report on your bank's progress since the last report towards achieving each of the set targets and the impact your progress resulted in, using the indicators and KPIs to monitor progress you have defined under 2. 2. Or, incase of changes to implementation plans (relevant for 2 nd and subsequent reports only) describe the potential changes (changes to priority impact areas, changes to indicators, acceleration review of targets, introduction of new milestones or revisions of action plans) and explain why those changes have become necessary. Response 1. Changes in targets Green finance The Bank has reassessed the Group's 14 th Five Year Plan and Green Finance Action Plan and set more aggressive green finance targets. Specifically, the target for incremental credit support to green industries during the 14 th Five Year Plan period has been raised from no less than RMB 1 trillion to no less than RMB 3 trillion. Furthermore, the Bank has set forth the objective of achieving a yearonyear increase in green bond investment scale, with a concerted effort to maintain a marketleading position in green bond underwriting. 2) Inclusive finance The Bank regularly reviews and revises the targets according to the regulatory development requirements of the respective year. The amount of in RMB 2 trillion By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB 2 trillion is increased to RMB 2. 5 trillion. 2. Progress towards targets Green finance As of the end of 2023, the Bank's domestic green credit balance reached RMB 3, 106. 7 billion, with an increase of RMB 1, 119. 5 billion, marking a growth of RMB 2, 209. 9 billion since the end of the 13 th Five Year Plan, representing a yearoveryear increase of 56. 34. The investment scale in green bonds exceeded RMB 100 billion, with the Bank ranking first in the interbank market for underwriting both domestic and international green bond issuances, and also achieving the top spot among its peers in the Bloomberg Global Offshore Green Bonds rankings. Inclusive finance As of the end of 2023, the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises reached RMB 1, 758. 5 billion, with an annual growth rate of 43. The number of loan customers reached 1. 07 million, also with an annual growth rate of 43. Additionally, the balance of operational loans for selfemployed business owners stood at RMB 260 billion. Reference(s) Link(s) 138139
165 164 Principle 3 Clients and Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. 3. 1 Client engagement Does your bank have a policy or engagement process with clients and customers 1 in place to encourage sustainable practices? Yes In progress No Does your bank have a policy for sectors in which you have identified the highest (potential) negative impacts? Yes In progress No Describe how your bank has worked with and or is planning to work with its clients and customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable sustainable economic activities Sustainable economic activities promote the transition to a lowcarbon, more resourceefficient and sustainable economy.. It should include information on relevant policies, actions planned implemented to support clients' transition, selected indicators on client engagement and, where possible, the impacts achieved. This should be based on and in line with the impact analysis, targetsetting and action plans put in place by the bank (seeP 2). Response 1. Green finance The Bank closely aligns with the national goals of achieving carbon peak and carbon neutrality. Guided by the Group's 14 th Five Year green finance plan as its strategic framework, the Bank continuously refines its 1 1 N green finance policy system. A comprehensive policy support package has been established, covering 13 aspects including enhanced assessment incentives, optimized economic capital cost management, differentiated authorization, and allocation of personnel expenses, forming the four beams and eight pillars of the green finance policy system. The Bank has formulated the Guidelines for Investment in Industry Credit of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) and the Management Plan for Industry Portfolio of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023), and designates green and lowcarbon related industries such as new energy vehicles, wind power, new energy storage, ecological protection and environmental governance as positive growth industries, improves supporting measures and actively guides credit investment towards these industries. Aiming to be the preferred bank for green financial services, the Bank has been improving its green financial products and services. While increasing support for green industries such as clean energy, the Bank also focuses on the financial needs of traditional industries' green transformation and upgrading. It continuously builds the CCB Green global brand and has launched five categories of dozens of green financial products and services, covering deposits, loans, bonds, consumption, and integrated services. The Bank actively supports the green and lowcarbon transformation of the economy and society. 2. Inclusive finance The Bank consistently maintains its support for inclusive finance lending, leveraging online technology to enhance service quality and efficiency, and providing comprehensive services in coordination with the Group. Serving the livelihoods of the people and providing timely help, the Bank actively responds to national strategies and proactively connects with inclusive customer groups in fields such as specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new and unique products, entrepreneurship and employment, foreign exchange and trade, and Sannong (agriculture, farmers and rural areas). By offering distinctive products and exclusive services, the Bank enhances the precision and effectiveness of its services. With inclusive finance as a source of living water to nourish thousands of industries and households, financial resources are accurately directed to key areas and weak links in the real economy, injecting development momentum into small and microbusiness entities. Reference(s) Link(s) 1519 3136 4752 3. 2 Business opportunities Describe what strategic business opportunities in relation to the increase of positive and the reduction of negative impacts your bank has identified and or how you have worked on these in the reporting period. Provide information on existing products and services, information on sustainable products developed in terms of value (USD or local currency) and or your portfolio, and which SDGs or impact areas you are striving to make a positive impact on (e. g. green mortgages climate, social bonds financial inclusion, etc.). 1 A client engagement process is a process of supporting clients towards transitioning their business models in line with sustainability goals by strategically accompanying them through a variety of customer relationship channels. Principle 3 Clients and Customers Response 1. Green finance Amidst the global efforts to tackle climate change and the establishment of national goals for peaking carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutrality, the ongoing adjustments and upgrades in industrial structures present numerous opportunities for the banking sector. These include an increasingly robust global green finance environment, the generous benefits of China's green finance policies, the vast development potential within the green industry, and abundant opportunities in the carbon finance sector. The Bank vigorously supports the construction of green industries and projects. In line with national economic structural adjustments and industrial development strategies, it fully leverages its comprehensive operational capabilities, utilizing a variety of financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, investments, funds, and asset management to provide a range of financial services to the green industry. As of the end of 2023, the domestic green credit balance exceeded RMB 3, 106. 7 billion, with green bond investments surpassing RMB 100 billion. 2. Inclusive finance The micro and small market entities, numerous in number, playa crucial role in promoting growth, ensuring employment, and improving livelihoods, making them a significant service group for inclusive finance. The Bank targets the bottlenecks and challenges hindering the development of micro and small enterprises, selfemployed business owners, and micro and small business owners, offering comprehensive coverage, precise strategies, and innovative services to help stimulate the vitality of the real economy. Relying on the development of digital finance, it strengthens its support for the real economy and enhances the accessibility, convenience, and precision of financial services. As of the end of 2023, the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises reached RMB 1, 758. 5 billion, with an annual growth rate of 43, outpacing the growth rate of all loans across the Bank; the number of loan customers reached 1. 07 million, with an annual growth rate of 43. Reference(s) Link(s) 22 31 4752 Principle 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society's goals. 4. 1 Stakeholder identification and consultation Does your bank have a process to identify and regularly consult, engage, collaborate and partner with stakeholders (or stakeholder groups 1) you have identified as relevant in relation to the impact analysis and target setting process? Yes In progress No Please describe which stakeholders (or groups types of stakeholders) you have identified, consulted, engaged, collaborated or partnered with for the purpose of implementing the Principles and improving your bank's impacts. This should include a highlevel overview of how your bank has identified relevant stakeholders, what issues were addressed results achieved and how they fed into the action planning process. Response The Bank actively opens channels of communication with stakeholders from various fields and categories, including the State, customers, shareholders, the environment, communities, and employees. It conducts annual materiality analyses, inviting internal and external stakeholder groups to assess identified social responsibility issues through questionnaires. Through the identification and assessment of social responsibility issues, the Bank determines and discloses in reports the topics of social responsibility that are significant both to itself and to its stakeholders. Reference(s) Link(s) 136137 1 Such as regulators, investors, governments, suppliers, customers and clients, academia, civil society institutions, communities, representatives of indigenous population and nonprofit organizations
167 166 Principle 5 Governance & Culture We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance anda culture of responsible banking. 5. 1 Governance Structure for Implementation of the Principles Does your bank have a governance system in place that incorporates the PRB? Yes In progress No Please describe the relevant governance structures, policies and procedures your bank has in place is planning to put in place to manage significant positive and negative (potential) impacts and support the effective implementation of the Principles. This includes information about which committee has responsibility over the sustainability strategy aswell as targets approval and monitoring (including information about the highest level of governance the PRB is subjected to), details about the chair of the committee and the process and frequency for the board having oversight of PRB implementation (including remedial action in the event of targets or milestones not being achieved or unexpected negative impacts being detected), aswell as remuneration practices linked to sustainability targets. Response The Bank improves the corporate governance framework with the Shareholders' Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management as the main bodies, each with welldefined responsibility and authority and all operating smoothly. The special committees under the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors effectively fulfill their duties and operate actively and efficiently. The Board of Directors and its special committees are responsible for approving the green finance development plan, green finance goals, and green finance reports, aswell as monitoring and evaluating the implementation of the green finance development plan. The senior management has established a Green Finance Committee, which is responsible for the overall management and professional decisionmaking related to the Group's green finance work. The Chief Risk Officer serves as the Chair of the Committee and is accountable for managing customers' ESG risks. A dedicated team is tasked with carrying out the Group's green finance initiatives, actively promoting the practical implementation of green finance development. In the performance evaluation of senior management, the Bank has incorporated a series of sustainabilityrelated indicators, including serving the dual carbon goals, providing inclusive finance services, supporting the rural revitalization strategy, case risk rates, and market risk control. The combined weight of these indicators exceeds 20, and the evaluation results are directly linked to the remuneration allocation for senior management. Reference(s) Link(s) 1215 5. 2 Promoting a culture of responsible banking Describe the initiatives and measures of your bank to foster a culture of responsible banking among its employees (e. g., capacity building, elearning, sustainability trainings for clientfacing roles, inclusion in remuneration structures and performance management and leadership communication, amongst others). Response Green finance The Bank has strengthened the development of its green finance talent pool. In 2023, it actively promoted the establishment of a 14 th Five Year Plan green finance talent cultivation system, encompassing three levels and six directions, involving approximately 10, 000 people. The Bank has actively built an online green finance training system, covering eight themes and approximately 100 courses, with a cumulative viewership exceeding 1 million persontimes. Offline training sessions at various levels have been organized for customer lines, risk lines, and operational lines. Through innovative competitions, performance competitions, the selection of exemplary green finance institutions, and the conduct of green finance research, the Bank has cultivated green development capabilities across all employees. The Bank has actively advocated among employees lowcarbon office practices, green commuting, and green and healthy lifestyles. The Bank has established and improved its green finance evaluation mechanism, setting targets for Head Office departments, domestic branches, overseas branches, and comprehensive operation companies, covering multiple aspects, including business development and customer ESG risk management. The evaluation results are linked to employee compensation. Reference(s) Link(s) 15 4041 Principle 5 Governance & Culture 5. 3 Policies and due diligence processes Does your bank have policies in place that address environmental and social risks within your portfolio? 1 Please describe. Please describe what due diligence processes your bank has installed to identify and manage environmental and social risks associated with your portfolio. This can include aspects such as identification of significant salient risks, environmental and social risks mitigation and definition of action plans, monitoring and reporting on risks and any existing grievance mechanism, aswell as the governance structures you have in place to oversee these risks. Response The Bank currently has in place the Bank of China Policy on Environmental (Climate), Social and Governance Risk Management for Customers. This policy was reviewed and approved by the Green Finance Committee and applies to corporate finance (including working capital loans and project financing for corporate customers, etc.) and other businesses, covering the entire business process from risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund disbursement, postlending management, and postinvestment management. Additionally, the Bank has incorporated binding requirements for environmental and social risk management into more than 90 industry lending policies. Regarding risk identification customers are classified into three categories A, B, and C, based on factors such as their potential environmental (climate) and social risk levels, industry, and development stage. These classifications are labeled in relevant business management systems, and more stringent assessment and review measures are adopted for highrisk customers. In terms of due diligence and risk assessment, the customer relationship departments are required to conduct due diligence on the ESG risks of customers (projects). Based on the industry and regional characteristics of the customers and their projects, the key points of due diligence are clarified and documented in the business initiation report and relevant business management systems for analysis and assessment. Compliance risk reviews are also conducted. For customers (projects) such as nuclear power projects, waste incineration projects in densely populated residential areas, and largescale hydropower projects, which may potentially have a significant impact on social stability and public interests, the customer relationship departments are required to conduct comprehensive risk assessments. Customers (projects) that have not undergone ESG risk due diligence will be terminated promptly. Based on the industry, region, and other characteristics of the customer and their projects, ESG risks are classified and assessed from 13 aspects. Among these, the customer and project's ESG risk assessment and management system, labor and working conditions, pollution prevention and control, biodiversity protection and sustainable natural resource management, and carbon footprint management are mandatory assessment items. The Bank strengthens monitoring of customers' ESG risks. For customers and projects in industries and regions identified by national environmental protection, work safety, and other authorities as key targets for rectification of violations and noncompliance, the Bank issues internal risk alerts or risk warnings. The Bank continuously tracks and monitors risk events related to the warnings, and adjusts risk levels and disposal measures in a timely manner based on specific circumstances. The Bank continuously improves its customer ESG risk emergency management measures and reporting mechanisms. Sudden customer ESG risk incidents are classified into four levels general, relatively significant, significant, and particularly significant. In the event of an incident, the responsible party is required to immediately activate the contingency plan and respond and handle the situation in a lawful, scientific, efficient, and stable manner. According to the principle of graded response, the incident must be reported in a timely, objective, truthful, and comprehensive manner. The Bank conducts thorough inspections and supervision of customers' ESG risk situations and promptly reports any issues. The Bank strengthens communication with stakeholders by establishing adequate, timely, and effective communication mechanisms with government agencies, environmental organizations, local communities, media, investors, and others. Reference(s) Link(s) 2330 Selfassessment summary Does the CEO or other Csuite officers have regular oversight over the implementation of the Principles through the bank's governance system? Yes No Does the governance system entail structures to oversee PRB implementation (e. g. incl. impact analysis and target setting, actions to achieve these targets and processes of remedial action in the event targets milestones are not achieved or unexpected neg. impacts are detected)? Yes No Does your bank have measures in place to promote a culture of sustainability among employees (as described in 5. 2)? Yes In progress No 1 Applicable examples of types of policies are exclusion policies for certain sectors activities; zerodeforestation policies; zerotolerance policies; genderrelated policies; social due diligence policies; stakeholder engagement policies; whistleblower policies etc., or any applicable national guidelines related to social risks.
169 168 Principle 6 Transparency & Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society's goals. 6. 1 Assurance Has this publicly disclosed information on your PRB commitments been assured by an independent assurer? Yes Partially No If applicable, please include the link or description of the assurance statement. Response Each year, the Bank invites professional thirdparty assurance providers to conduct independent assurance engagements on key data related to its social responsibility report, enhancing the credibility and reliability of the information disclosed in the report. Reference(s) Link(s) 142146 6. 2 Reporting on other frameworks Does your bank disclose sustainability information in any of the listed below standards and frameworks? GRI SASB CDP IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (tobe published) TCFD Other The report is prepared with reference to the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, etc. Response The 2023 social responsibility report of the Bank is prepared inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Selfdiscipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions issued by the former China Banking Regulatory Commission, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China aswell as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Universal Standards 2021), and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. Reference(s) Link(s) 141 6. 3 Outlook What are the next steps your bank will undertake in next 12 monthreporting period (particularly on impact analysis 1, target setting 2 and governance structure for implementing the PRB)? Response The Bank will take more forceful actions to serve the overall economic and social development, and provide warmer services to meet the people's aspirations fora better life. Anchored on the goals of peaking carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutrality, the Bank will deepen reforms in group operations and management, and accelerate the green transformation of its development model. The Bank will increase support for emerging industries such as clean energy and promote the clean and efficient utilization of traditional energy sources. The Bank will also step up financial innovation efforts and optimize its comprehensive financial product and service system, including loans, bonds, insurance, and funds. The Bank will continuously promote the concepts of green office operations, green procurement, and lowcarbon operations, reducing the group's overall energy consumption. The Bank will deepen exchanges and cooperation in the field of green finance, enhance its performance in international green organizations, and join hands with all parties globally to make the earth greener and our homes more beautiful. We will support private and small and micro enterprises, better meeting the financing needs of market entities. The Bank will implement an employmentpriority strategy and support stable expansion of job opportunities. We will actively support rural revitalization and expand its presence in underserved county areas. Focusing on areas such as housing, education, healthcare, employment, and elderly care, the Bank will adopt more measures to benefit people's livelihoods and warm their hearts. We will further enrich our scenariobased ecosystems to better meet the people's financial service needs. Reference(s) Link(s) 140 1 For example, outlining plans for increasing the scope by including areas that have not yet been covered, or planned steps in terms of portfolio composition, context and performance measurement 2 For example, outlining plans for baseline measurement, developing targets for (more) impact areas, setting interim targets, developing action plans etc. Principle 6 Transparency & Accountability 6. 4 Challenges Here is a short section to find out about challenges your bank is possibly facing regarding the implementation of the Principles for Responsible Banking. Your feedback will be helpful to contextualise the collective progress of PRB signatory banks. What challenges have you prioritized to address when implementing the Principles for Responsible Banking? Please choose what you consider the top three challenges your bank has prioritized to address in the last 12 months (optional question). If desired, you can elaborate on challenges and how you are tackling these Embedding PRB oversight into governance Gaining or maintaining momentum in the bank Getting started where to start and what to focus on in the beginning Conducting an impact analysis Assessing negative environmental and social impacts Choosing the right performance measurement methodology ies Setting targets Other Customer engagement Stakeholder engagement Data availability Data quality Access to resources Reporting Assurance Prioritizing actions internally If desired, you can elaborate on challenges and how you are tackling these Disclosure Location 6. 1 Annual overview 67 6. 2 Environmentrelated governance structure of financial institutions 1213 6. 3 Environmentrelated policies and systems of financial institutions 1419 6. 4 Innovation in environmentrelated products and services of financial institutions 3136 6. 5 Environmental risk management process of financial institutions 2330 6. 6 Impact of environmental factors on financial institutions 2022 6. 7 Environmental impacts of investment and financing activities of financial institutions 3136 122 6. 8 Environmental impacts of the operations of financial institutions 3739 123124 6. 9 Data sorting, verification, and protection 2930 6. 10 Green finance innovation and research results 2930 41 6. 11 Other environmentrelated information 4041 Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China

