

4 01 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Contents 41 46 54 60 63 66 70 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Message from Chairman Message from President Introduction Strategy and Management Feature 1 Official Banking Partner of Both Winter and Summer Olympic Games Meeting You at the Winter Olympics Feature 2 110 Years of Dedication to BOC s Original Aspiration of Serving the Country 02 04 06 08 12 16 108 118 120 121 127 131 ESG Key Performance Report Outlook About the Report Indexes Assurance Statement Readers Feedback 75 80 84 88 91 Leading Digital Transformation with Technology Providing High Quality Customer Services Promoting Customer Protection Comprehensively Stimulating the Creativity of Talents Being Devoted to the Public Welfare Undertaking 99 102 104 106 Improving Corporate Governance Comprehensively Improving Risk Management System Ensuring Honest and Compliant Operation All Round Development Under the Leadership of Party Building Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development 98 21 26 30 32 38 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 20 4074 Supporting Innovative Development of Regions Optimising the Cross Border Finance Layout Pushing Forward Industrial Transformation and Upgrading Profoundly Developing Inclusive Finance Supporting Rural Revitalisation Governance System of Green Finance Business Development of Green Finance Environmental and Social Risk Management Innovative ESG Integration Practices Capacity Building for Green Finance Promoting Green and Low Carbon Operations Participating in Global Green Cooperation
Message from Chairman Sustained actions will lead to a sustainable future. Bank of China adhered to the original aspiration, pursued excellence and fulfilled the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions in the significant year 2021. From serving the front line of micro and small businesses to supporting crossborder cooperation of green development, from the farm fields of Yongshou County, Xunyi County, Chunhua County and Changwu County ( four North Xianyang counties hereinafter) in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, to the ice and snow tracks of Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, we contributed to the allround development of economy, society and the environment with highquality financial services, played an active role in serving and integrating into the new development pattern, and continued to create value for shareholders, customers, employees and society. We adhered to our distinctive advantages, laid out the pattern featuring One Mainstay, Two Engines, thus to contribute our shares to the new development pattern. In the face of a confusing and changing international landscape, we always upheld openness, inclusiveness and winwin cooperation, and built a strategic development pattern where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations. We also setup an operation system featuring accessing the Bank's global resources and services at any point of contact. In addition to steady promotion of overseas institution layout, we constantly enriched crossborder products and services, fully participated in the implementation of dual listing of HShare and piloting southbound trading under the Bond Connect programme. With these efforts, we supported highquality going global and bringing in by acting as a financial bridge and bond to connect China and the world, and put into practice the concept of a human community with a shared future with concrete actions. Moreover, we leveraged the fulllicensed operation advantage in stocks, loans, bonds, leasing and insurance, deepened the cooperation between commercial and investment banks, offshore and onshore institutions, and provided market entities with whole lifecycle financial services covering the entire industry chain, thus to boost the modernisation of industrial and supply chains. We kept in mind the original aspiration and mission, and focused on the eight priority areas for enhancing its financial services capabilities to empower a highquality development. Centring on the new business forms and new trends of economic and social development, we improved the quality and efficiency of financial services starting with the eight priority areas of serving technology, green finance, inclusive finance, crossborder business, wealth management, consumption, supply chain and county development, to cultivate new drivers and new modes and serve new business forms. We focused on supporting key areas and weak links of economic and social development. The balance of financing for core enterprises of the supply chain amounted to RMB 4, 732. 1 billion, that for upstream and downstream enterprises of the industrial chain stood at RMB 921 billion and new inclusive finance lending to micro and small enterprises notched a record high. In promoting a comprehensive and sustainable development, we also designed green planning and action programmes, launched various innovative products in green funds, wealth management, leasing, insurance etc., and greatly supported the carbon control and emissions reduction, clean energy promotion as well as transformation and upgrading of traditional industries. We stood solidly on the people's position, cultivated humanbased culture, and contributed toa better life. We promoted corporate culture in a thorough manner, centring on customers outside the Bank and on employees within the Bank. We advocated values of providing excellent service, innovating with prudence, upholding openness and inclusiveness, and collaborating for mutual growth, and acted on the mission of providing finance services for the people's good to help them prosper and bring them benefits and conveniences. We devoted ourselves in the rural revitalisation cause by searching for programmes, introducing resources and building platforms for the development of agriculture and rural areas, and unblocking the channel of poverty alleviation through consumption, thus helping agricultural products from the mountainous areas debut on the international exhibitions. Relying on the BOC Charity Foundation and Bank of China Philanthropy, we explored the mutual promotion between finance and public welfare. In the past year, we supported 188 public warfare programmes initiated by 73 institutions, raising charity funds of RMB 17. 3631 million (matching gifts inclusive) in total. And we participated in the Olympic Games again after the 2008 Beijing Olympics by provided quality financial services for the simple, safe and splendid Winter Olympic Games in a comprehensive manner, making the dream of Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports come true. We embraced the wave of technology and moved forward with digital transformation to deliver excellent service to the society. Grasping the opportunity of another round of technological changes, we carried out enterpriselevel architecture building, data governance, building of a scenariobased financial services ecosystem, product innovation, the reform of technological system and other key projects in a coordinated manner, and accelerated the digital reconstruction of our mode of thinking, business philosophy, customer service, product innovation and risk control, in a bid to empower our employees and serve the society. We also made breakthroughs in the digital business model, launching products such as BOC Crossborder Ecommerce Connect and BOC Ecooperation, and released mobile banking version 7. 0 to better digital services in key areas. Focusing on crossborder, education, sports and silverhaired scenarios, we continued to strengthen basic capacity building and be more communityfocused. To eliminate the digital divide, we provided exclusive and convenient services to the senior people by launching a specific version of mobile banking for the elderly and smart counters for seniors, aiming to make technology more humane and services more considerate. We upheld longtermism, strengthened comprehensive risk management, and created value with a sound development. We continuously improved the corporate governance system, promoted the integration of ESG concepts into corporate governance with focuses on ESG issues such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and targeted poverty alleviation, and clarified the responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors. Facing the complex and serious challenges at home and abroad, we improved the building of a comprehensive risk management system, reexamined the Group's risk appetite with appropriate adjustments, and assessed global macro policies, debt structure and capital flow trend in a forwardlooking manner so as to ensure the liquidity safety, stable asset quality and continuous compliant operation of overseas institutions. Besides, we strengthened the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improved the realtime antifraud capability in online finance. As a result, the number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system reached 879, 000 in 2021, well safeguarding the security of clients funds and property. Bank of China will celebrate its 110 th anniversary in 2022. Over the 110 years, Bank of China has always adhered to and passed on serving society, and contributing to national prosperity through generations in an unyielding struggle, be it from the time when fulfilling the duties as a central bank to consolidate the results of the Revolution of 1911 to the time when raising foreign exchange funds to support the anti Japanese war, or from supporting major equipment imports and developing foreign trade in the period of reform and opening up to serving the real economy and supporting poverty alleviation in the new era. Bank of China has made important contributions in different historical periods. From this new starting point, Bank of China will continue to draw on wisdom from the centurylong history, and promote the fine tradition in pursuing excellence as a centuryold enterprise. We will stay resolved to serve the people and the country, enhance our capabilities to achieve the intended goals as planned, cultivate the drivers to innovate with futureoriented views, and strive to build a firstclass global banking group. We will also strive to yield more good returns while serving the new development pattern, make greater contributions to the continuous and healthy development of economy and society, and advance hand in hand with stakeholders towards a better future with greater prosperity and mutual growth. Message from Chairman Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 02 03 Chairman of Bank of China
Message from President President of Bank of China In 2021, the pandemic proved a protracted one, along with frequent occurrence of meteorological disasters and intensifying regional conflicts and contradictions. Against such a backdrop, how to achieve a more sustainable and inclusive development emerges as a key issue concerning the fate of humanity. Bank of China took the initiative to adapt to the new demands and changes occurring in the economy, society and environment, boosted the sustainable development of economy and society and served the building of a human community with a shared future with more inclusive, greener and opener financial strengths. Performing inherent financing duties to serve the economic transformation and upgrading. In the past year, newly granted domestic RMB loans of Bank of China hit anew record, providing strong credit support for the smooth operation of the real economy and focusing on key areas and weak links of the national economy. The balance of loans to emerging industries of strategic importance registered RMB 521. 578 billion, up RMB 299. 335 billion or 135 over the beginning of the year. The Bank continued to strengthen inclusive finance, and built the inclusive financial brand Inclusive Loan. The balance of inclusive loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two nolessthan and two control posted RMB 881. 5 billion, an increase of 53 in the year. The number of customers with outstanding loans stood at 620, 000, up 32. The Bank enhanced business innovation in the new business forms of trade, and released 18 measures to support new business forms and new modes in foreign trade to create a product system covering the whole process of crossborder ecommerce. In addition, the Bank served the national coordinated regional development with loans to five key areas increased by 11. 52, and supported investment and construction of major projects and demands of improving people'swelling to promote higher levels of complementarity and coordinated development. The Bank also established a global enterprise ecosystem named BOC Ecooperation as a crossborder financing intelligent platform for medium and small enterprises, and provided a package of services to national economic and trade events including China Import and Export Fair, China International Import Expo and China International Consumer Products Expo. With 89 crossborder matchmaking conferences held cumulatively, the Bank boosted communication, connection and winwin cooperation among Chinese and overseas market entities with financial strengths. Exploring a lowcarbon transition and creating a better future together. The Bank formulated a green finance plan for the 14 th Five Year Plan period ona group level. Committed to becoming the firstchoice bank for green financial services, the Bank developed the BOC Green product system, and issued the world's first biodiversity bonds by a financial institution. The sustainable development bonds issued overseas reached to USD 12. 8 billion, and balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated exceeded RMB 1. 4 trillion, an increase of over 57. Moreover, the Bank integrated environmental and social risks into the comprehensive risk management system, conducted sensitivity stress tests on climate risks for key industries, and added binding requirements of environmental and social risk management into the credit policies of 71 industries. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, financial support for new coal mining and coalfired power projects overseas were ended. The proportion of credit to brown industries has narrowed down to below 10, thus to promote the industry structure tobe more ecofriendly. Enhancing ESG concepts to drive the Group's sustainable development. The Bank was fully committed to promoting the integration of ESG concepts into the bankwide governance and business systems, and set up specialised committees in ESG fields such as green finance and consumer rights protection to enhance professional research and management. The Bank focused on building capabilities of sustainable development, carried out ESGthemed training activities for all employees to promote related capacity to perform duties and oversight. Meanwhile, the Bank initiated the development of an innovative pilot project on the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers, incorporated ESG requirements into the whole process of corporate credit granting, and fully considered the ESG factors in screening assets. The Bank has completed calculation of its own operating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, devoted to saving energy and reducing relevant emissions. In 2021, the Bank joined the UN Principles for Responsible Banking. Therefore, we will explore the practical path for the sustainable development of banking services through adopting international advanced standards. The year 2022 is the 110 th anniversary of Bank of China. For 110 years, Bank of China has always shared weal and woe with the country and the people, served economic development and enhanced social wellbeing, fulfilling the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions. As a century tradition carried forward from generation to generation, on the new journey of building a firstclass global banking group, we will closely follow China's growth as a whole, seize the opportunities of changing times, and carry on the fine traditions of the past century. Giving full play to the advantages of globalised and integrated operations, we will enhance our capabilities and quality of serving the development of real economy and satisfying people's aspiration fora better life, go all out to build a new development pattern with our services, and constantly pursue the unity of value creation and social benefits, thus to contribute to the high quality development with stronger power! 2021 Message from President Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 04 05
EnvironmentalIFF Global Green Finance Award - Annual Award Winner International Finance Forum (IFF) Best Issuer - Financial Institution Finance Asia Best Green Bond Bank Asia Money Best Sustainability Bond 2021 The Asset Best Sustainable Finance Issuer Award of Best Bank for Sustainable Finance of Star of China Global Finance Outstanding Leadership in Blue Bonds (Sustainable Finance Awards 2021) Social National Advanced Collective on Poverty Alleviation State Council of the People's Republic of China 2021 China's Most Popular Employers for College Graduates Forbes Most Attractive Employer in the Opinion of Chinese University Students ChinaHR. com Best Bank with Responsible Investment Sina 2021 Outstanding Inclusive Finance Bank China. org. cn 2021 Excellent Case of Financial Services for Micro, Small and Mediumsized Enterprises China Banking Association, China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises Governance Ranked 4 thin Top 1, 000 World Banks The Banker Ranked 4 thin Top 500 Global Banking Brands Ranked 39 thin Global 500 (2021) Fortune Best Board of Directors for Investor Relations Securities Times Branches and Comprehensive Operation Companies 2021 Global Best Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Project (Bank of China New York Branch)Project Finance International Strongest Bank in Asia Pacific and Hong Kong (BOCHK)The Asian Banker Rated AAA for ESG in 2021 (BOCHK) MSCI ESG Outstanding Enterprise for Public Welfare (BOCSAMSUNG LIFE)Xinhuanet 2021 Rural Revitalisation Demonstration Institution with Outstanding Competitiveness (BOC Fullerton Community Bank)China Business Journal Introduction Bank of China is the bank with the longest continuous operation among Chinese banks. Formally established in February 1912, the Bank served consecutively as the country's central bank, international exchange bank and specialised international trade bank. After 1949, drawing on its long history as the statedesignated specialised foreign exchange and trade bank, the Bank became responsible for managing China's foreign exchange operations and offering international trade settlement, overseas fund transfer and other nontrade foreign exchange services. Restructured into a wholly stateowned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2006, becoming the first Chinese bank to launch an AShare and HShare initial public offering and achieve a dual listing in both markets. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy tobe designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 11 consecutive years. With its growing international status, competitiveness and comprehensive strengths, the Bank Awards and Honours has marched forward into the ranks of the world's large banks. In 2022, Bank of China, in celebration of its 110 th anniversary of establishment, is striving to form a strategic landscape with domestic commercial banks as the mainstay, globalised operations and diversified business platforms as the two growth engines, accelerate the building of a firstclass global banking group and working hard to write anew chapter in its history of more than hundred years. As China's most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local noteissuing banks in their respective markets. The Bank has a wellestablished global service network and an integrated service platform based on the pillars of its corporate banking, personal banking, financial markets and other commercial banking business, which covers investment banking, direct investment, securities, insurance, funds, aircraft leasing, asset management, financial technology, financing leasing and other areas, thus providing its customers with financial solutions featuring oneclick access, global response and integrated services. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of duty and commitment. Over its 110 years history, the Bank constantly cared about the nation, dedicated to contribute to the country, and continued to strive for prosperity of the country and rejuvenation of the nation. Being deeply rooted in people and committed to providing excellent services, it has fulfilled its responsibilities of delivering financial services for the people, bringing benefits and convenience to the people, and improving the living standards of the people. Keeping the common good in mind and advocating openness and inclusiveness, the Bank has mobilised domestic and overseas resources to serve the twoway interactions between China and the world. It has always followed the law, innovated with prudence, and upheld the spirit of integrity and innovation to strengthen the Bank. As a large stateowned commercial bank ona new journey towards fully building a modern socialist country, the Bank, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics fora New Era, will carry forward the Bank's centuryold tradition of pursuing excellence, take full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development philosophy, contribute to the new development pattern; consciously uphold the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good; practice the values of provide excellent service, innovate with prudence, uphold openness and inclusiveness, collaborate for mutual growth, take the strategic approach of invigorate, adapt to change and drive for major breakthroughs, and thus strive to build a firstclass global banking group, promote higherstandard openingup and highquality economic and social development, and make an even greater contribution to realising the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. 06 2021 Introduction Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 07
Objectives Commitment Progress in 2021 UN SDGs During 20212025, loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two nolessthan and two control will remain at an excellent level. The growth rate of loans reaches 53. 15 During 20212025, the average annual growth of inclusive finance customers will be not less than 25. The growth rate of inclusive finance loans and customers will continue to meet the regulatory requirements. The growth rate of customers reaches 29. 51 By 2025, the balance of loans granted to micro and small enterprises will exceed the RMB 2 trillion mark and the number of micro and small enterprise borrowers will reach 1. 5 million, making the Bank the mainstay of inclusive financial services. The balance of loans reaches RMB 881, 502. 25 million The number of micro and small enterprise borrowers reaches 644, 000 Strategy and Management With indepth insights into customer demands, agile response to market changes and efficient coordination, the Head Office serves branches, the back line serves the front line and the Bank serves its customers as we believe that sincere attitude and excellent services will help us win more customers. Holding fast to the philosophy of prudent operation, the principle of encouraging exploration and innovation and the orientation for value creation, we keep creating value for the country, customers, shareholders, the Bank and its employees. Provide Excellent Service Innovate with Prudence As a signing institution of the UN Principles for Responsible Banking, Bank of China actively takes on its corporate mission of bridging China and the world for the common good and fully integrates the sustainable development philosophy into its own development strategy. Taking its effort to serve the real economy and people's livelihood as the starting point, the Bank exerts its utmost to build a new financial system that is greener and more inclusive, and continuously contributes to the realisation of the national dual carbon goals and the UNSustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our Values We always seek for openness, cooperation and inclusiveness, learn widely from the strengths of others and take the initiative to integrate into society and people's livelihood, the new development paradigm and community with a shared future for mankind. We adhere to the principle of joint development, creation and sharing, and boost cooperation inside and outside the Bank at all levels to create a community of shared cause. In this way, we aim to unify the values of the Bank and its customers and employees and achieve joint growth and flourishment. Uphold Openness and Inclusiveness Collaborate for Mutual Growth Our Objectives Inheriting the fine tradition of serving the people, we will leverage our characteristic advantages in globalised services, and respond to the calling of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. Through financial services, we will help build anew development paradigm featuring a dual circulation, and boost financing connectivity, smooth trade and mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world. Moreover, we will dedicate ourselves to people's wellbeing, facilitate social progress and make contributions to the building of a community with a shared future for mankind. Bridge China and the World for the Common Good Our Mission Our Vision We aim to build a banking group with better integrated services, stronger global competitiveness, better governance capabilities, more efficient operation, better risk control, greater brand impact and more energetic employees. Build a First Class Global Banking Group In 2021, we formulated and released the 14 th Five Year Plan for Development and Longrange Objectives Through the Year 2035 of Bank of China Limited, which included green finance and inclusive finance into the Bank's strategies for the eight priority areas for enhancing financial services capabilities. We also successively formulated the plan for green finance and the action plan for serving the dual carbon goals, aswell as the plan for inclusive finance, the work plan for development of countylevel financial services and the action plan for boosting rural revitalisation, etc. in the 14 th Five Year Plan period, clarifying the action objectives in key areas. We continued to scale up credit support for the real economy and strengthen the coverage of inclusive finance customers such as micro and small enterprises, individual businesses, owners of micro and small enterprises, farmers, business Inclusive Finance startup guarantee unemployed, registered impoverished people, and families of students with governmentsponsored student loans, to enhance the inclusiveness, universality and accessibility of financial services. 2021 Strategy and Management Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 08 09
Stakeholders Expectation Communication Channel Support the real economy Deepen transformation and reform Facilitate the Belt and Road Initiative Participate in poverty alleviation Promote inclusive finance Strengthen risk control Routine communication and reporting Project approval and supervision Major project cooperation Provide new products and services Protect consumer rights and interests Improve customer experience Serve enterprises in crossborder business Facilitate innovation and entrepreneurship Daily communication on services Customer satisfactory survey Customer complaint handling 95566 call centre Web portal, We Chat official account and microblog, etc. Constantly create value Operate with honesty and prudence Strengthen risk control Improve cooperate governance Lead industrial development Regular reports and ad hoc reports Shareholders Meeting Investor survey Business result presentation Develop green finance Improve credit structure Practice green operation Project environmental risk assessment Environmental performance collection and disclosure Green public welfare activity Improve people's wellbeing Support public welfare undertakings Popularise financial knowledge Charitable activity Field study Community exchange activity Media exchange Help with personal development of staff Strengthen staff training Improve staff wellbeing Secure staff's rights and interests Awards ceremony Regular training Corporate culture activity Web portal, We Chat official account and microblog, etc. Based on the trends in the industry, the corporate development strategy and the requirements for sustained development, we determined, through streamlining, 25 social responsibility issues with the greatest impact on the Bank and its stakeholders, and invited internal and external experts and employee representatives to assess the impact of these issues on the Bank and its stakeholders. By doing so, we obtained twodimensional assessment results of these issues, and built a substantive analysis matrix on top of the results, which have been reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Bank along with the report. Materiality Analysis Stakeholder Engagement Core General Impact on BOC Core Impact on Stakeholders State Customers Shareholders Environment Communities Employees We keep a close eye on the development goal of achieving peak carbon emissions and carbon neutrality, adapt to the trend of sustainable development and economic transformation, and serve the development needs of the real economy. Also, we will put in place the requirements of green development, Green Finance Objectives Commitment Progress in 2021 UN SDGs During 20212025, providing financial support of no less than RMB 1 trillion for green industries, and the balance of green credit Note 1 will increase year by year. The balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated reaches RMB 1. 4 trillion, up more than RMB 500 billion During 20212025, the average annual growth rate of domestic individual green consumer credits will beno lower than 30 and strive to reach 60. An increase of over 60 compared with the previous year During 20212025, the control over the loan balance of the brown industries Note 2 will be strengthened. The proportion of corporate credits to the brown industries continued to decline in the past five years and was less than 10 as at the end of 2021 intensify the penetration of green philosophy, raise the green development awareness of all staff, and create a green development atmosphere in the whole bank. We will integrate green and lowcarbon concepts into every aspect of our management and business activities, build a green financial system in tandem Note 1 Based on the standards of green credit of the CBIRC, mainly covering green credit to such six industries as energy conservation, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment, infrastructure and green services, traderelated and consumptionrelated green credit. Note 2 In reference to the eight major emission control industries and coal industry that has been or tobe included in the carbon market by the state, brown industries herein include coal, thermal power, iron & steel, petrochemicals, chemicals, nonferrous metals, cement, papermaking and civil aviation. 2021 Strategy and Management Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 10 11 with the Bank'snew highquality development pattern featuring One Mainstay, Two Engines, so as to build up a special service brand of carbon finance and build up a new brand image of green finance for the Bank. Core Issues Significant Issues Core issues 1. Human capital development 2. Response to COVID 19 3. Compliance and internal control management 4. Support coordinated regional development 5. Promote inclusive finance 6. Comprehensive risk management 7. Globalised layout and development 8. Deepen digital transformation 9. Optimise corporate governance 10. Create new products and services 11. Consumer protection 12. Improve customer experience Significant issues 13. Develop green finance 14. Support development of people's livelihood 15. Support public welfare undertakings 16. Popularise financial knowledge 17. Tackle climate change 18. Stakeholder engagement 19. Advocate for volunteer service 20. Contribute to poverty alleviation 21. Provide crossborder financial services 22. Employee rights and welfare 23. Support innovative industries 24. Implement green operation 25. Build scenariobased ecosystem
12 13 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 12 13 01 The XXIV Olympic Winter Games and XIII Paralympic Winter Games, took place in February, and March 2022, respectively. Beijing, hosting this grand onceeveryfouryear event for ice and snow sports, will attract the world attention and show the Chinese people's enthusiasm for the Olympics and ice and snow sports to the whole world after the success in the 2008 Summer Olympics. BOC is an official partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022, the second time to serve the Olympics after the 2008 Summer Olympics. We have upheld the Olympic spirit, and fully supported the construction of venues and infrastructure for the Winter Olympics. With great passion, we provided financial services to support the preparations for the Winter Olympics, to share the joy brought by the Winter Olympics with people around the world, and contribute to the Nationwide Winter Sports Promotion Programme. Official Banking Partner of Both Winter and Summer Olympic Games Meeting Y ou at the Winter Olympics Following the guideline of Green Olympics and contributing to the construction of green venues for the Winter Olympics The National Speed Skating Oval, also known as the Ice Ribbon, is a landmark building of the Olympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, and also the only new venue built in the city centre of Beijing for the Games. We, in response to the guideline of delivering a Green Winter Olympics, actively supported the green construction and operation needs of venues for the Winter Olympics, and has granted a longterm fixed asset loan of more than RMB 234 million to Beijing National Speed Skating Oval Operations Co., Ltd. Meanwhile, it provided financing support for the construction project of Shougang Big Air and supporting facilities in the neighboring area, granting green loans of RMB 210 million. As at the end of 2021, all venues for the Winter Olympic Games Beijing 2022 entered the final preparations stage, and the National Speed Skating meets the requirements for green building standards Level 3. National Speed Skating Oval Ice Ribbon Feature Customising comprehensive financing plans for several venues including National Speed Skating Oval, Big Air Shougang and National Alpine Skiing Centre, providing loans of RMB 1. 8 billion. National Speed Skating Oval holding all disciplines of Speed Skating Big Air Shougang holding Snowboard Big Air and Freestyle Skiing Big Air National Alpine Skiing Centre holding 11 disciplines including Downhill, SuperG, Giant Slalom and Slalom Construction of venues for the Winter Olympics Providing funds of RMB 11. 5 billion for utilities projects for China National Convention Centre Phase II related to the Winter Olympics. National Convention Centre Phase II to be open to media organisations from the world as the Main Press Centre Utilities Providing loans of RMB 7. 9 billion to support the construction of Beijing section of Yanqing Chongli Expressway, Beijing Zhangjiakou Intercity Railway and Chongli branch railway. Yanqing Chongli Expressway main transportation artery connecting Yanqing and Zhangjiakou competition zones Chongli railway is the only railway connecting the core competition venue of the Winter Olympics and the city centre of Chongli Transportation support projects Since the Master Construction Plan for Venues and Support Infrastructure for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022 was published in 2018, we have increased loans for the construction of major venues, infrastructure and support facilities for the Winter Olympics, which provided firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. As at the end of 2021, we saw a total approved credits of RMB 48. 6 billion and accumulated loans of RMB 21. 2 billion. Supporting the Construction of Venues and Infrastructure for the Winter Olympics
15 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 15 BOC staff help customers touse selfservice exchange machines During the Winter Olympics, we were the exclusive provider of trial eCNY exchange services within the Gamesrelated zones, where eCNY can be used in seven scenarios, i. e., transportation and travel, catering and accommodation, shopping and consumption, tourism and sightseeing, medical care, telecommunication, ticketing and entertainment, to provide flexible payment options for athletes, coaches and tourists from China and abroad. We also setup 12 eCNY hardware wallet selfservice exchange machines on site of the Winter Olympics. The machines are set in eight languages, and can directly exchange 18 kinds of foreign cash of 169 kinds of face values to eCNY. Athletes and coaches from overseas, with no need to open a Chinese bank account, can select the function of purchasing eCNY hardware wallet on the machine, and then put their cash into the machine, after which the machine will automatically calculate the exchange rate and issue a eCNY hardware wallet of corresponding amount. Customers can easily open such wallets to pay for their accommodation, food and beverage instantly. Easy eCNY exchange to improve the Winter Olympics experience We launched a series of ski pass, enabling customers to access several top ski resorts in Chongli, Beijing, Jilin and other major skiing areas. This allows skiers to have more skiing options and brings them better and diversified skiing experience. We built pilot bases of ice and snow sports scenarios at Shijinglong Ski Resort in Yanqing and Xishan Ski Resort in Beijing, providing skiers with a scenario experience integrating recreation and modern finance. Launching ski pass products in an innovative way We launched a onestop winter sports zone to support smart Winter Olympics with Fin Tech, which covered over 100 ice and snow rinks in China and abroad. We also launched a series of Winter Olympicsrelated products including ski pass and precious metal products to create a brand featuring ice and snow outdoor services. Winter sports zone of mobile banking We continued to organise the Bank of China China Ice and Snow Sports Caravan offline programme, touring to 100 places, and successfully organised a series of ice and snow contests including the subcontests and national final of Bank of China VISA Credit Card Cup Super Fixed Point Skiing Open and National College Curling League etc. Organising colourful offline programmes themed on ice and snow sports We organised Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Tongchuan of Shaanxi, Liupanshui of Guizhou and Dujiangyan of Sichuan, enabling about 2, 000 students nationwide to experience ice and snow sports, have a deep understanding of the Winter Olympics culture, have fun in winter sports, and arouse their enthusiasm for winter sports. We jointly launched the programme Vigorous Winter Olympics with Bank of China Youngsters from the Capital fora Shared Future Together with the Beijing Committee of the Communist Youth League of China, supporting more young people to participate in ice and snow sports. Popularising ice and snow sports among youngsters On January 10, 2021, Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp 2021 kicked off at Zhaojin Ski Resort in Tongchuan, Shaanxi Province. A total of 50 senior secondary school students from Xunyi County, Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, carrying the donated backpacks and the skiing gear, embarked on the skiing trails to experience skiing under the guidance of professional coaches. They exchanged the ski suits as instructed by the ski resort staff and teachers, and started to warm up in groups as guided by the skiing coaches, which included practice on flat ground and slide in the same place, and then began to glide to walk and progressively to stride. This was the first time for many of these students to ex sperience winter sports. The whole resort was full of joy as they laughed, sang and hailed. The participants also met two world champions of winter sports, listening to their stories, practicing skiing, and sharing the joy of ice and snow sports at the ski resort together with them. Organising events in Shaanxi to help young people from Xunyi experience winter sports BOC Hebei Branch carried out a series of publicity programmes on the theme of Bringing Ice and Snow Sports in Schools, providing guidance for students to experience winter sports and arousing their enthusiasm in this regard. In Hebei BOC Liaoning Branch became the title sponsor of the 3 rd Shenyang Ice and Snow Marathon, and advocated the initiative Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports among local people. In Liaoning BOC Sichuan Branch organised the leg of the Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Sichuan, attracting nearly 50 groups of young campers and their parents from Chengdu and neighbouring regions to participate. In Sichuan BOC Heilongjiang Branch, jointly with Heilongjiang Provincial Bureau of Sports and Harbin Municipal Bureau of Education, organised the launching ceremony to engage millions of youths in winter sports, with over 120 students from primary and middle schools participated. The wellknown speed skating Olympic champion and world championship champion Ms. Zhang Hong attended the ceremony. In Heilongjiang In 2021, as the Winter Olympics was approaching, a strong atmosphere of participating in ice and snow sports to greet the Games was fostered nationwide. Assuming the responsibility of a large bank, we honoured our commitments to the Winter Olympics by providing financial services to drive the development of ice and snow sports. We helped improve the infrastructure and service systems related to winter sports, helped more people fulfill their dreams of participating in winter sports, and inspired the general public to contribute to the development of the ice and snow sports industry. Promoting the Development of Ice and Snow Sports At the temporary outlets for the Winter Olympics, we provided services for overseas people who will stay in China during the Winter Olympics, including cash deposit and withdrawal, foreign currency exchange, crossborder remittance, eCNY and soon. Meanwhile, we opened a foreign currency green channel, according to which overseas individuals, by presenting their Accreditation Card for the Winter Olympics, can exchange foreign currencies rapidly and expediently at our outlets in the three zones, and can enjoy smallsum foreign currency exchange services through selfservice exchange machines or hotelbased foreign currency exchange points ona 24 hour basis. Comprehensive financial services Under the guidance of the PBOC, we acted as the sole provider of eCNY services piloted in the area of the Winter Olympics, providing wholeprocess services of exchanging, topup, use and redemption of software and hardware wallets in BOC outlets, contracted hotels and other sites within the area. The Winter Olympicsthemed hardware wallet (Ice Chip. Snow Band) was the first eCNY hardware wallet in China. Meanwhile, POS terminals accepting eCNY were applied in merchants, contracted hotels, designated hospitals at various venues of the Winter Olympics. Clients can make payments through the Scan or Touch functions. ECNY services We fulfilled the commitments made as a partner of the Winter Olympics, provided services for the Games in Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish and Arabic languages, and further upgraded functions of telephone banking, audio guide and customer service platform to provide specialised, efficient and highquality services to improve the event participants financial service experience. Online customer services during Winter Olympics We have integrated the bankwide manpower and pooled advantageous resources to fully support the Winter Olympics in all aspects. During the Games period, we will open five temporary outlets and set up four selfservice areas in the Beijing Olympic Villages Beijing Paralympic Villages, Main Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Broadcast Centre etc. in the three zones in two cities and designate 224 employees to these outlets and Olympic venues to provide financial services. Also, the Head Office and branches set up Gamestime command centres in the three zones to provide 24 7 offvenue services and ensure secure and stable financial service during the Games time. Ensuring Financial Services for the Winter Olympics 14
16 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 16 17 Over the past 110 years, BOC has endeavoured to grow strong through reforms and forge ahead with constant efforts, thus becoming an international large banking group with global influence as a centuryold bank on the world stage. Spanning over two centuries, BOC has gone through a lot and is a historical epitome and witness of China's financial industry that struggled to grow amid domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, revived after the founding of new China, thrived after the reform and openingup, and forged ahead in the new era. 110 Y ears of Dedication to BOC s Original Aspiration of Serving the Country 02 Feature For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC took being the national economic hub as its own responsibility and consciously shouldered the historical mission of revitalising the national financial industry. In the late Qing Dynasty and the early period of the Republic of China, China was under threat and the Chinese people were subjected to untold misery. Foreign capital monopolised China's international exchange and foreign trade, grabbing huge political and economic interests. By approval of Dr. Sun Yatsen, Bank of China was founded in Shanghai on February 5, 1912 to perform a central bank's functions acting as a financial hub, in a bid to consolidate During the period of socialist revolution and reconstruction, BOC was committed to the great cause of consolidating the new political power and socialist reconstruction under the care and support the central government. As the designated and specialised foreign exchange For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC acted as a specialised foreign exchange bank of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of supporting China's economic growth and foreign trade. During the period of reform and opening up aswell as socialist modernisation, BOC fully leveraged distinctive advantages in operating foreign exchange all along, supported the construction of national basic industries and major projects, and became the main channel for the country to raise funds and attract investment. Embracing the trend of the times, BOC kept breaking new ground and created many firsts and the only ones in the Chinese banking history. BOC also took the leadin completing the jointstock reform, AShare and HShare initial public offerings anda dual listing, realising a historic leap in business development. Meanwhile, BOC actively supported China back to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, greatly participated in the international financial governance system on behalf of China, and gave full support to the strategies of going global and internationalisation of renminbi. BOC was the first stateowned financial institution to get enrolled in the lists of Global 500 and Global Systemically Important Banks, and later maintained on the lists consecutively. For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC gave full play to its role as a major financial power of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of contributing to the reform and opening up and deepening financial reform. the results of the Revolution of 1911. BOC struggled to expand foreign exchange business and fought to save the national financial rights and interests. During the time of frequent wars, a shattered economy and instability, BOC took the lead in reforming the management mechanism and businesses by drawing on advanced experiences with a visionary aim of building into a modern and international bank. BOC endeavoured to expand its global network, supported national industry and commerce, led the building of industry credit, clearing and settlement system. Finally, BOC won the trust of the society and laid the foundations as a bank, with its comprehensive strength and influences on the forefront of the national financial industry fora long time anda place earned in the international financial community. AGlance of the Extraordinary 110 Y ears On February 5, 1912, the Bank of China was established at No. 3 Hankou Road, Shanghai (now No. 50). Sofar, it has become the only bank in China that has been operating continuously for more than 100 years. China launched its First Five Year Plan for economic development from 1953 to 1957. During this period, BOC provided great support for China's economic growth from iron & steel production to railway transportation. In early 1950, Chairman Mao Zedong wrote an inscription for BOC Staff, an internal magazine. bank, BOC became responsible for managing China's foreign exchange operations, carried out international trade settlement, overseas Chinese remittances and other nontrade foreign exchange businesses, and raised foreign exchange to support the development of ocean transportation and foreign trade. In spite of all obstacles, BOC gave full support to key industries of national economy such as textiles, metallurgy, mechanism, chemistry and light industries, and broke through the economic blockade and isolation of China by western countries, becoming an important window and bridge for China to communicate with the world at that time. From 1979 to 1980, as approved by the State Council, Bank of China took the lead and succeed in the negotiations for securing China's lawful seat in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. In 2006, BOC was successively listed on Hong Kong and Shanghai stock exchanges, becoming the first company that went public on the A and H share markets in full circulation. In March 1985, BOC Zhuhai Branch took the lead in launching BOC card the first RMB bank cardin Mainland China. In May 1986, BOC Beijing Branch issued the Great Wall Card, marking the birth of China's oldest credit card brand. Afterwards the Great Wall card found its way to every corner of the country. In 1989, Bank of China became the first Chinese enterprise tobe listed among Global 500 and has maintained the status for 33 years in arow as of the end of 2021.
18 19 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 19 18 The Hong Kong Zhuhai Macao Bridge opened to traffic on October 23, 2018. It is the longest, most expensive and most difficult seacrossing bridge in China's construction history. It is an important landmark and central hub of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area. As the sole lead bank and agent bank of the main bridge project syndicate, BOC has continued to support the construction of the project and the opening of the bridge, contributing to the integration of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao. BOC has actively implemented the national strategy for regional development and vigorously supported the development of key strategic areas. In 2014, the Beijing Tianjin Hebei coordinated development strategy was formally put forward. BOC has actively promoted connectivity and industrial integration in the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region. Entering the new era, to achieve the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation, the decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and build a great modern socialist country with allout efforts, BOC continues to strive with a spirit of selfconfidence, selfreliance, and innovates on the basis of what has achieved in the past. This is a period when BOC embraces the fastest development with the best quality. Guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics fora New Era, BOC consciously undertook the glory mission of bridging China and the world for the common good in full and faithful implementation of the new development philosophy, and propelled transformative changes in the quality, efficiency, and impetus of economic development. Bearing the country's most fundamental interests in mind, BOC served China's growth as a whole, and performed social responsibilities. Aiming to be the best bank, BOC gave full play to the distinctive advantages, and greatly supported the strategies of going global and bringing in. By improving the quality and efficiency of development, BOC strived to surpass the global peers, integrated BOC wisdom and strength into the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and added new glory to the brand of a centuryold bank! In 2020, thanks to BOC s targeted poverty alleviation efforts, 1, 034 impoverished villages in four counties of Xianyang, Shaanxi Province had been lifted out of poverty. In November 2018, BOC became the only comprehensive service provider in the banking industry of the first China International Import Expo (CIIE). As at the end of 2021, it had provided comprehensive financial services for the CIIE for four consecutive years. In 2020, domestic and overseas institutions of Bank of China endeavored to collect antipandemic supplies to fight against COVID 19 worldwide. New height of business performance and strength Rooted in China's steady, healthy and fast development of economy and society, BOC secured extraordinary achievements with highquality and development and leapfrogging catchup. The Group's total assets and liabilities doubled in years efforts, equivalent to building another BOC. BOC improved its ranking from the ninth place in 2012 to the fourth place among Top 1, 000 World Banks by The Banker, stepping into the ranks of global advanced large banks. The three major international rating agencies consecutively rated the Bank with the highest level among domestic comparable peers. New achievements in serving the national strategies Keeping in mind the strategic overall situation of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the profound changes unseen in a century, BOC performed responsibilities as a large bank, and constantly improved the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy. BOC continued to increase investment in key areas and weak links of the national economy, got involved in the development of key regions, and supported key national projects. Moreover, BOC developed technology finance to help solve problems that hinder the country's development, granted more inclusive loans and propelled the economy toward green and lowcarbon development. BOC also helped the four North Xianyang counties and nearly 1, 000 impoverished villages across the country fight against poverty, expanded countylevel finance and served the rural revitalisation. New breakthroughs in deepening reform across the board Contentiously implementing the two consistencies, BOC improved corporate governance mechanism, and modernised the governance system and capacity of stateowned financial institutions. By stimulating vitality, making agile response and achieving breakthroughs in key areas, BOC designed on the whole and turned its blueprint for development into reality. With deep and systemic reform implemented orderly, BOC held the national polices and guidance as benchmarks, formulated and carried out the 14 th Five Year Plan for Development, and achieved historical changes and strategic transformation in more and more key fields with wisdom across the board. New advantages in globalised and integrated operation BOC actively participated in the new situation of a higherlevel opening up, and improved its capabilities to provide comprehensive services in all fronts. With institutions spanning across 62 countries and regions and the most comprehensive platform for diversified integrated operation, BOC actively assisted domestic enterprises in higherlevel international competition, and endeavoured to realise accessing the Bank's global resources and services at any point of contact. In addition, BOC continued to innovate financial services for the Belt and Road Initiative, maintained the largest amount of crossborder RMB settlement and clearing, and stayed ahead of domestic peers in terms of international settlement, currencies and amount of foreign exchange and foreign exchange trading. New results in forestalling and defusing financial risks Adhering to thinking about worstcase scenarios and upholding a systematic concept, BOC coped with changes unseen in a century anda series of major events calmly. BOC always took risk prevention and control and steady operation as the cornerstone of business management and development. Handling the relation among reform, development and stability well, BOC paid close attention to risk prevention and control in key areas by taking the chance of being the first to adopt Basel II. Through constant improvement of comprehensive risk management, BOC consolidated the foundations for the whole Bank's sustainable development. As at the end of 2021, the nonperforming loans to total loans of the Group was 1. 33, which kept a lower NPL ratio compared with peers. The past 110 years of Bank of China are 110 years of adhering to the original aspiration and serving the country through finance, 110 years of striving forward against all odds, and 110 years of making innovations on the basis of tradition for a better future. On the new journey, BOC will further advance our cause, build on achievements by seize opportunities, and shoulder important tasks with courage to create another century of glory. Achievements of 110 Y ears Development
20 21 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 20 21 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Finance is the blood vessel of economy. In 2021, BOC performed responsibilities as a large stateowned bank. Focused on serving the real economy and satisfying people's increasing demands for a better life, we expanded our presence in the eight priority fields such as technology finance, crossborder finance, inclusive finance and countylevel finance in an accelerated effort to establish a strategic development pattern with domestic commercial banking as the body and globalised, comprehensive operations as the two wings. We continued to promote the highquality development of economy and society and the opening up to anew stage. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Supporting Innovative Development of Regions Taking serving the country's coordinated regional development as one of our strategic priorities during the 14 th Five Year Plan period, we actively contributed to the integration in the key regions and highquality development of China. We offered quality, efficient financial services for investment in and development of local major projects, improvement in people's livelihood, etc. in the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region, Xiongan New Area, the Yangtze River Delta, the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area, the Chengdu Chongqing economic circle and Hainan Free Trade Port, so as to give these key regions a leading role and realise the balanced development of domestic business. Supporting the Coordinated Development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei Region We continued to deepen the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region. Through innovative products and services, we stepped up support for infrastructure construction, rail transport, key livelihood projects, industrial technological innovation, ecoenvironmental protection and winter sports in the region, fueling higherquality coordinated development of the region in the new stage. As at the end of 2021, the balance of loans to the projects of the coordinated development of the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region was RMB 308. 9 billion, of which RMB 113. 5 was issued in 2021 in total. BOC Beijing Branch continuously stepped up services for key projects in the transportation field. As at the end of 2021, Beijing Branch supported 17 metro lines construction with cumulative outstanding loans of over RMB 34. 5 billion. In 2021, BOC Tianjin Branch successfully participated in the syndicated loans for Tianjin Metro Line 6 construction and the phaseI project of Line 10, cumulatively contributing tranches of RMB 5. 65 billion. Transportation goes first in Beijing Tianjin Hebei coordinated development
22 23 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Supporting the Construction of Xiongan New Area Supporting Yangtze River Delta Integration We continuously increased financial support for Xiongan New Area as we took it as a mission to provide highstandard services for the construction of the area. As at the end of 2021, we approved verified credit limits of RMB 290. 3 billion to major projects and enterprises in the area, RMB 21 billion of which had been cumulatively extended. Most of the funds flew into key fields such as green credit, infrastructure and strategic emerging industries, powerfully backing the major construction projects including the four vertical lines & two horizontal lines highspeed rail network, four vertical lines & three horizontal lines expressway network and community rebuilding. We continuously backed the highquality integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta. By tapping into our advantage in comprehensive operation, we promoted interregion information sharing and helped with building the fivepronged service systems of connectivity, techempowered service, happiness and wellness, factor synergy and green finance. We went all out to advance the development of government affairs scenarios in the Yangtze River Delta by deepening the application of the internet government services finance smart services mode, which has by far covered over 600 outlets and about 1, 500 smart counters in Shanghai and Anhui. Citizens in Anhui now have access to 24 frequently used personal government services and those in Shanghai to 37 such services. Railway The Railway e Card convenient service was promoted. We have by far activated the use of the Railway e Card in three intercity railways in the Yangtze River Delta, namely, the Nanjing Anqing line, the Shanghai Nanjing line and the Nanjing Qidong line. As at the end of 2021, a total of 275, 200 Railway e Cards in the Yangtze River Delta were distributed. Public transport The convenient service for public transport scenarios was refined. We carried out the PBOC s demonstrative project of mobile payment through launching more bus taking scenarios in different places. As at the end of 2021, we enabled passengers to scan a QR code to take bus in Shanghai, Ningbo, Suzhou, Changzhou and Wuxi in the Yangtze River Delta; besides, the service has fully covered all bus lines and metro lines in Ningbo. In cooperation with the Xiongan New Area Investment Promotion Service Centre, the Xiongan Intelligent City Innovation Federation and the Xiongan Blockchain Lab, we developed and put into use the scientific innovation service block chain platform of Xiongan New Area, and launched our online loan products on the platform. The platform is designed to promote the transformation of our inclusive finance service towards the hightech, intelligent services of the block chain and internet, and enhance our capability and quality of financial services for micro and small enterprises. Relying on the advantage in the block chain technology in Xiongan New Area, we launched the first pilot scenario of block chain eCNY in China, where salaries were paid in the form of eCNY through the Block Chain Payment Platform. Through the programme, we accumulated precious experience in financial innovation exploration for Xiongan New Area. Making inclusive finance service more technologybased Public transport connectivity Smart government services Convenience and benefits to people Launching the first pilot scenario of block chain eCNY in China Interface of the official website of the scientific innovation service block chain platform of Xiongan New Area Government affairs services ona smart counter of BOC Shanghai Branch Launch Ceremony for QR Code for Metro in Ningbo
24 25 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies BOC signs a strategic cooperation agreement with Sichuan Provincial People's Government BOC Sichuan Branch extended over RMB 1 billion worth of Rong Yi Da loans to the constructor of the Chengdu Kunming Railway Bankenterprise business matchmaking for Hainan Hightech Loan Supporting the Development of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area Supporting the Development of the Chengdu Chongqing Economic Circle We deeply integrated into the development of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area through continuously increasing financial support for the development of scitech innovation, infrastructure interconnectivity, industrial transformation and upgrading, ecological improvement and improvement in people's wellbeing in the Greater Bay Area. With an innovative BOCfeatured development mode of technology finance business, we launched such products as BOC Scitech Innovation Loan and Guangdong Macao Sharing Loan that were designed reasonably to satisfy the financing needs of scitech enterprises. As at the end of 2021, the Bank's four major institutions based in the Greater Bay Area recorded a balance of loans of over RMB 3. 5 trillion. Meanwhile, by integrating wealth management and crossborder finance, we launched the BOC Cross Border Wealth Management Express with multiple products selected based on the characteristics of the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao markets, aiming to provide a convenient channel to allocate crossborder assets for residents in the Greater Bay Area. Up to now, over 11, 000 clients have signed up. We equipped outlets in Guangdong with smart counters that enable the identification of Hong Kong and Macao resident certificates. Clients holding the Mainland Travel Permits for Hong Kong and Macao Residents or Hong Kong Macao resident ID cards can directly handle the opening of a debit card or mobile banking over the smart counters. A card can be obtained or mobile banking can be activated instantly on the spot. The service allows Hong Kong and Macao residents to quickly acquire a domestic BOC bank account. We handled 370 newtype offshore international trade finance transactions worth USD 6. 383 billion in total for nine enterprises located in the Hainan Free Trade Port. The underlying trades covered commodities such as crude oil, coal and corn. The newtype transactions of payment and collection facilitation under international trade accounted for over 80 of the total business volume in the province. We offered the investment and loan linkage service for the credit risk compensation fund established by the Hainan Provincial Science and Technology Bureau. As at the end of 2021, we extended a total of RMB 181. 10 million worth of Hainan Hightech Loan to 39 local hightech enterprises. We went all out to serve the First China International Consumer Products Expo through offering crossborder cloud matchmaking service to 50 exhibitors from China, Italy, South Korea and other countries; providing trial use of eCNY on the spot; and hosting such activities as the Green Finance Forum and the Release Conference on Smart Elderly Care. Professional onetoone wealth management service was offered by the outlets in Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao to clients of BOC Cross Border Wealth Management Express. Besides, onetoone service with respect to investor protection and other aspects was enhanced so that customers can access safe, consistent service experience in the Greater Bay Area. We formulated the Action Plan of Bank of China for Supporting the Development of the Chengdu Chongqing Economic Circle. During the year, we signed the cooperative agreements with local governments of Sichuan Chongqing Gaozhu New Area and Yibin City to accelerate support for the development of the local economy and the construction of the Chengdu Chongqing economic circle. Supporting the Development of the Hainan Free Trade Port We continued to deepen the implementation of the Framework Agreement on Strategic Cooperation in Finance Services signed with the Hainan Provincial People's Government by fueling the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port and Smart Hainan, in an effort to become the firstchoice bank for the free trade port. In 2021, the balance of loans to the Hainan Free Trade Port increased by RMB 12. 6 billion. Convenient signup channels for account opening After signing up for BOC Cross Border Wealth Management Express, customers can check details on products available in the Cross Border Wealth Management Express zone of the BOC mobile banking APP (both the mainland and Hong Kong Macao version), and select investment products that suit their risk tolerance and investment preference on the APP. Straightening crossborder investment channels We launched the Macao Crossborder Wallet, through which convenient, quick domestic mobile payment service was offered to customers from Hong Kong and Macao. At the same time, we vigorously promoted the serial cards with the Greater Bay Area theme, and developed Business Connect to provide preferential treatments for Hong Kong and Macao consumers. We launched a crossborder, online and onestop service that allows Macao residents to handle Zhuhai social security. Handling the formalities online through mobile banking, Macao customers are now spared tiresome errands, prolonged waiting time and complicated formalities. Offering comprehensive and diversified services Promoting liberalisation and facilitation of trade Launching the first Hainan Hightech Loanin the province Serving the First China International Consumer Products Expo Setting up a twoway service platform RMB 3. 5 trillion As at the end of 2021, the Bank's four major institutions based in the Greater Bay Area recorded a balance of loans of over
26 27 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 41 USD 223 billion 62 700 USD 14. 6 billion Optimising the Cross Border Finance Layout We took initiatives in getting involved in China's openingup, and actively pushed forward twoway interactions between China and the outside world. By tapping into our advantage in globalised operation, we made active efforts to fuel China's Belt and Road Initiative, serve the highlevel going global and highquality bringing in of enterprises, facilitate the RMB internationalisation process and serve the China International Import Expo, helping the country with highlevel openingup in an allround manner. Facilitating the Belt and Road Initiative Expanding Cross Border Financial Services In adherence to the principles of achieving shared growth through consultation and collaboration, we boosted the highquality development of the Belt and Road Initiative in terms of policy communication, facility interconnectivity, trade facilitation, financing availability and peopletopeople bonds, with an aim of realising highstandard, sustainable development that improves people's wellbeing. As at the end of 2021, the presence of our overseas institutions covered 62 countries and regions, including 41 countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. We also followed up over 700 key projects in the Belt and Road region, and cumulatively extended credit support of about USD 223 billion to the Belt and Road countries. We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of USD 14. 6 billion equivalent were raised. We built a crossborder matchmaking platform, and hosted 89 crossborder matchmaking fairs, including matchmaking efforts and other activities in support of two consecutive sessions of the Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation. Moreover, the Belt and Road International Financial Exchange & Cooperation Seminars initiated by us had been held for eighth time. We deepened innovation in the crossborder business mode, continuously enhanced the capability of delivering financial services for new business forms and new modes of foreign trade, enriched the assortment of crossborder trade financing products and services, strengthened the digital service capability, deepened the development of the block chain platform and actively explored crossborder financial services. We formulated and released the Measures of Bank of China for Supporting Highquality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with a view to actively boosting online, intelligent and digital development of crossborder finance, continuously sharpening the capability of financial services for new business forms and new modes of foreign trade, and building a comprehensive financial product system covering settlement and financing services. By the end of 2021 The presence of our overseas institutions covered key projects in the Belt and Road region We also followed up over Cumulatively extended credit support of about to the Belt and Road countries We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of equivalent were raised Including Supporting the development of new business forms under foreign trade In 2021, we entered into the Special Agreement on Supporting Highquality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporation. The two parties will take this as an opportunity to carry out business innovation practice in new business forms, with concerted efforts to extend highquality financing services for the new business forms and new modes of foreign trade. BOC signs the Special Agreement on Supporting Highquality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporationcountries and regionscountries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative 27 26
28 29 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Enriching the assortment of crossborder trade financing products and services We released the fully upgraded version of BOC Crossborder Ecommerce Connect, a brand under which we offer inclusive payment and collection services under import and export for crossborder ecommerce. We cumulatively settled funds of over RMB 140. 0 billion in 2021. We increased support for RMB internationalisation through continuously enhancing our capabilities of product R&Dand innovation in service and taking an active part in policy formulation and research. As at the end of 2021, we handled RMB 632 trillion worth of crossborder RMB clearing transactions, representing a yearonyear growth of 34; the Group completed RMB 11. 26 trillion of crossborder RMB settlements, a yearonyear increase of 22. 36. We provided support for the Fourth China International Import Expo (CIIE) through inviting overseas exhibitors, attracting domestic investors and providing exhibition services. We invited 640 overseas exhibitors and 766 buyers to the event; due to our efforts, 273 intents of cooperation were reached on the spot, amounting to USD 3. 699 billion. To implement the requirements set forth in the Notice on Further Optimising Crossborder RMB Policy to Support Stability of Foreign Investment and Foreign Trade, we encouraged our domestic branches to playa leading role in the local selfdiscipline mechanism and to work with peers to draw up standards for identifying quality customers. Upon receipt of a payment collection instruction or order submitted by a quality corporate customer, we can directly handle crossborder RMB settlement service under trade in goods and trade in service. We hosted online cloud CIIE promotion fair for Latin America and other overseas regions, encouraged Frankfurt Branch, BOCHK, BOC (New Zealand) and other overseas branches to provide assistance for the CIIE Bureau in hosting cloud CIIE promotion activities, and invited local customers to the activities. We kept track of the RMB internationalisation process, released a series of research results such as Crossborder RMB Index, Offshore RMB Index and Whitepaper on RMB Internationalisation, and pushed relevant market entities to actively participate in the RMB internationalisation process. We provided support for over ten onsite or online business roadshows sponsored by the Ministry of Commerce and the CIIE Bureau, broadcasting the influence of CIIE. We expedited the development of online trading channels for financial market products, enhanced our capability of digital service, offered convenient transaction instruments, and stepped up the promotion of the etransaction platform. We provided services to foreign In Zhejiang, we launched anew product named Easy Settlement Express for local selfemployed individuals to satisfy their requirement for exchange settlement service. The product is connected to the Yiwu International Trade Information Service Platform to offer exchange settlement support under procurement trade to individuals, better meeting the requirement of selfemployed individuals engaged in foreign trade for exchange settlement service. In 2021, we cumulatively settled USD 1. 282 billion through Easy Settlement Express. Exchange settlement service for SMEs engaged in market procurement trade We launched the BOC Crossborder e Procurement Express service in Shandong, Hubei, Guangdong, Zhejiang, etc., offering overt, online, facilitating exchange settlement services to exportoriented SMEs and selfemployed individuals engaged in procurement trade. Facilitated crossborder settlement for new offshore trade We offered convenient crossborder funds settlement service to areas covered by the pilot programme on newtype offshore trade facilitation in Suzhou, Ningbo and other places. We have by far completed the first settlement under entrusted overseas processing under newtype offshore trade. BOC releases the BOC Crossborder Ecommerce Connect on the 130 th China Import and Export Fair Advancing digital transformation of crossborder business Supporting exchange settlement for individuals through the innovative product Easy Settlement Express trade enterprises and convenient online services for crossborder business, and improved the efficiency of handling exchange rate interest rate hedging business and customer experience through bankenterprises link interfaces. Boosting RMB Internationalisation Serving CIIEPromoting the facilitation of crossborder trade activities Promoting CIIE overseas Inviting domestic investors Enhancing the international influence of RMB
30 31 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 135 RMB 521. 578 billion In September 2021, BOC Guangdong Branch hosted the specialized and innovative crossborder matchmaking activity for small and mediumsized enterprises held at the 17 th China International Small and Medium Enterprises Fair and Small and Medium Enterprises International Cooperation Forum 31 30 Pushing Forward Industrial Transformation and Upgrading With great attention paid to the development of strategic emerging industries and the transformation and upgrading of advantageous traditional industries, we continuously stepped up efforts in research and policy formulation in relevant fields, vigorously supported clusters of emerging industries and ecological development of industries, and helped build a modern industrial technology system that is advanced, applicable, autonomous, controllable, open and inclusive. Supporting the Development of Strategic Emerging Industries Supporting Transformation and Upgrading of Traditional Industries We formulated the Guideline of Bank of China on Serving the Development of Strategic Emerging Industries and credit policies fora number of segmented sectors. The Guideline of Bank of China on Credit Extension to Industries (Version 2021) explicitly states that the Bank will prioritise strategic emerging industries and advanced manufacturing, and selectively support leading enterprises with core competitiveness in such key industries as the newgeneration IT industry, highend CNC machine tools and robots, aerospace equipment, advanced rail transit equipment, energysaving and newenergy vehicles, power equipment, new materials, biomedicine and highperformance medical apparatus and instruments, marine engineering and hightech shipbuilding, agricultural machinery and equipment. Meanwhile, we developed standards for evaluating advanced manufacturers, clarified such standards for some manufacturing segments in terms of technology, product, experience, market among other dimensions, and stepped up support. We continued to adjust the credit structure in a faster pace, strictly controlled credit granting to brown industries with high energy consumption and emission, and propelled the green economic and social transition. At the same time, we timely adjusted our credit strategy for highcarbon industries such as coal power, iron & steel, petrochemicals, chemicals, nonferrous metals, and building materials in away that pressed for capacity replacement and green renovation and lowered energy consumption and emissions. As the end of 2021, the corporate credit to brown industries of the Bank accounted less than 10 of total corporate loans. Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. is the largest building steel production base, an important industrial steel production base and an emerging highend steel panel production base in Hubei Province. Its products are widely used in infrastructure construction projects of water conservancy, hydro power and railway. BOC Hubei Branch conducted an overall evaluation on risk points including environmental protection and industry policy and granted reasonable credit limits to the enterprise based on its actual operation and development status and the evaluation results. In terms of trade financing, the branch simplified the financing formalities, efficiently completed approval for money distribution and offered it the maximum preferential treatment in exchange settlement under import and export, thereby lowering its financing costs. The branch initiated the establishment of a creditors committee, and pressed the company to upgrade to green and intelligent manufacturing. At present, the company manages to dispose of solid wastes in its factory, recycles waste water and has superlow emissions of dustfall. In 2021, Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. was honored Clean Manufacturer, Environmentally Friendly Enterprise by China Iron and Steel Association. By the end of 2021 The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries totaled Up RMB 299. 335 billion or over the beginning of the year Helping Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. realise industrial transformation
32 33 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 33 32 RMB 146. 904 billion Profoundly Developing Inclusive Finance Positioning inclusive finance as a strategic business related to our sustainable development, we formulated the 14 th Five Year Plan on Inclusive Finance of Bank of China and actively assumed the responsibility as a major stateowned bank by focusing on serving the real economy and boosting highquality development of inclusive finance. With an orientation to digital inclusive finance, we accelerated innovation in inclusive finance modes, strove to build an inclusive finance service system with commercial banking as the body, rural finance as a distinct feature, consumer finance and public benefit services as supplements, and endeavoured to provide more financial drivers for improvement in people's livelihood and social development. In 2021, we were committed to building an inclusive finance service system with openness and sharing as the innovation principles, digital link as technical foundation, network platform as service media, embedded scenarios as touch point to users and comprehensive, ecosystembased operation as operating mode, with a view to fully enhancing the efficacy of delivering financial services to micro and small enterprises. As at the end of 2021, the balance of inclusive finance loans to micro and small enterprises that meet the two nolessthan and two control requirements recorded RMB 881. 5 billion, representing a growth rate of 53 during the year; the number of accounts of such loans went up 32 to 620, 000. To build anew brand image and better serve the inclusive finance customer groups, we launched an inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan in 2021. We aimed to return to the original aspiration of serving the real economy, align ourselves with the real needs of inclusive finance customer groups, offer professional, efficient inclusive finance services and help the state build the dualcirculation development pattern. We launched the Inclusive Loan series of online products for micro and small enterprises and business owners. Through mining and analysing enterprises internal and external data and utilising such technological means as the internet, big data and biometric authentication, we set up an automatic risk control system that enables comprehensive evaluation of micro and Customer end Business end Total loans extended amounting to Logo of the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Focusing on Micro and Small Enterprises and Helping More Enterprises Access Inclusive Finance Service Building the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Innovative digital inclusive finance services small enterprises and online handling of financing services from customer application, review and approval to withdrawal and repayment, thus improving the facilitation and availability of finance to micro and small enterprises. As at the end of 2021, the Inclusive Loan series served close to 100, 000 enterprises with total loans extended amounting to RMB 146. 904 billion. Customer experience Customers were enabled to make selfservice application via corporate online banking, mobile banking and other online service channels without submitting many materials. The application process was quick and convenient. Expanding scenarios Embedded thirdparty platforms such as We Chat miniprogramme and H 5 marketing tool H 5 were used to connect to different external scenarios and data, so as to expand the scenarios and channels of online inclusive finance services and extend the coverage of inclusive finance services. Reinforcing the capability of comprehensive use of data In pace with the enterpriselevel architecture development, we consolidated the personal loan customer data foundation, supported retrieval of external data such as data from taxation authorities and the industrial and commercial administration organ in offline handling of loans, enriched the dimensions of loan data and improved the capabilities of antifraud detection and risk identification. Upgrading the management mode of Tax Loan We lifted the limits on Tax Loan so that branches would not be restricted by the online business limits. A credit model was developed for selfemployed individuals to enhance the customer service capability. As for outstanding loan holders, we simplified the prelending survey and approval procedures to improve customer experience. Supporting pilot programmes in important regions We replied to the applications of Guangdong Branch and Zhejiang Branch for pilot programmes on online personal inclusive finance business, allowing the branches to develop locally featured business modes of online personal business loan based on market and competitive conditions and the local economic characteristics. inclusive finance services.
34 35 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National StrategiesBOC supports China (Qinghai) International Ecological Expo with BOC Ecooperation RMB 60 billion RMB 50 billion Helping enterprises with MSE Benefit Loan Joining hands with enterprises via BOC Ecooperation Inconsideration of the characteristics of micro and small enterprises financing needs, namely short term, small, frequent and prompt needs, we launched a service scheme named MSE Benefit Loan under the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan to increase support for the customer group. Under the scheme, we verify a certain limit on shortterm working capital loans for those micro and small enterprises On the Inclusive Loan BOC Ecooperation platform, we innovatively created the scenario finance service mode based on IT technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. The platform is designed to act as a bridge and bond connecting demands and supplies and helping that make collections and payments frequently in production and operation. Within the limit, the enterprises can withdraw money multiple times, return money in installments and recycle the loan money for daytoday production and operation activities. Since its launch in April 2021, we verified over RMB 50 billion worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan and cumulatively extended close to RMB 60 billion. We verified over worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan Cumulatively extended close to governments bring in investments through building an online offline bankgovernmententerprise ecosystem and breaking service boundaries of customer groups of enterprises, government bodies and chambers of commerce. At the First China (Qinghai) International Ecological Expo, BOC Qinghai Branch provided financial services as the sole financial partner, and arranged 15 cloudbased business talks between local enterprises and over 10 green agricultural and livestock producers from 5 provinces and municipalities through BOC Ecooperation. This broadened sales channels of dairy products makers, green food makers, alcohol processors and manufacturers, green agricultural and livestock producers and helped them reach intents of cooperation. On the exact day, many customers went to the site for facetoface communication with enterprises from outside the province. Hosting matchmaking events We served the four statelevel exhibitions with the BOC Ecooperation platform. We organised the supplydemand matchmaking conference for the CIIE for four consecutive years, aswell as matchmaking activities for the China International Consumer Products Expo, China International Fair for Trade in Services and China Import and Export Fair. As at the end of 2021, we cumulatively hosted 89 business matchmaking activities, providing financing intelligent services for close to 40, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions throughout the globe. Based on consultations with 10 odd institutions including local government bodies and scitech parks about cooperation, we created 13 customised zones with distinct local features on the platform, including Xiamen Jimei Zone, Inner Mongolia Dairy Industry Revitalisation Zone and Shenzhen Scitech Innovation Zone, under which close to 100 pieces of information on investment promotion and bankgovernment cooperation were released. The zones attracted nearly 1, 000 micro and small enterprises to the platform, which publicised close to 1, 000 pieces of information on supply of raw materials, product selling and technical cooperation. Relying on our experience in delivering targeted support to four prioritised counties under national poverty alleviation and development, namely Chunhua County, Xunyi County, Changwu County and Yongshou County ( four North Xianyang counties hereinafter) in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, we designed a module with the theme of rural revitalisation on the BOC Ecooperation platform, created a special zone of investment promotion for the four North Xianyang counties under the module, and launched business promotion dedicated to Xianyang City and the four North Xianyang counties, in an effort to boost the rural revitalisation in the counties. Boosting bankgovernmententerprise collaboration Assisting targeted areas under the BOC s poverty alleviation programme in pursuing prosperity Creating more sales for enterprises through BOC Ecooperation
36 37 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 37 Deepening Financial Services Related to People's Livelihood in Four Scenarios Centring on the four major scenarios, namely crossborder scenario, education scenario, sports scenario and greyhair scenario, we continuously stepped up the development of our basic capabilities, improved service measures for specific scenarios, and accelerated building of a scenariobased financial services ecosystem, with dedication to building a convenient, efficient system of banking products and comprehensive services for the general public. Cross Border Scenario Education Scenario Sports Scenario Grey Hair Scenario We released the BOC Crossborder GO APP, which offered professional and considerate crossborder services for crossborder customers; and launched the We Chat miniprogramme BOC Compass targeted at nonresident clients, to further satisfy the diversified requirements of overseas customers after entering the Chinese border for consumption payment, remuneration management, investment & wealth management. We optimised and upgraded over 40 core financial products based on our deep understanding of changes in the market and customer needs, embedding the feature of foreigncurrency banknote reservation onto Huawei s HarmonyOS, Alipay, www. gjzwfw. gov. cn (the state government affairs platform) and China Mobile's Worryfree Travel and offering industryleading service features and customer experience. We developed the subscenario for students studying abroad. We released the Forbes Guideline on International Schools in China and the Whitepaper on Chinese Studying Abroad jointly with cooperative institutions, built 10 odd prioritised nonfinancial services centring on the whole cycle of students studying abroad experience, embedded over 20 financial features and created onestop crossborder scenariobased service experience. We built a wholecycle service platform for the education sector, continuously refined the education zone of mobile banking, helped education administrators at all levels implement the state policy of double reduction (easing the burden of excessive homework and offcampus tutoring for students undergoing compulsory education) and standardise the administration of offcampus tutoring institutions, and developed comprehensive, professional, and quality smart campus services for institutions of higher learning and vocational colleges. We pressed forward the development of Beijing 2022 scenario, carried out indepth cooperation with major leading sports venues in China and important winter sports events, and popularisation activities together with the General Administration of Sport of China to encourage more people to engage in winter sports, making the target of Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports achievable. We built infrastructure for subscenarios, and launched the ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system selfdeveloped by sports We primarily established a learning ecosystem of online BOC University for the Elderly with 3 sections and 6 colleges, provided about 400 online courses for seniors to study for free, and carried out 500 events of Craft Making to Community. We debuted the Greyhair Map, an online elderly care resources exhibiting platform at the First China International Consumer Products Expo to provide product and services information on qualityguaranteed elderly care institutions for the elderly. As at the end of 2021, 160 such institutions across 24 provinces and municipalities had registered on the platform. Centering on medical care, food, living, travel, entertainment, emotions and learning of the elderly's daily life, we We launched the Ten Thousand Principals training programme in cooperation with the Ministry of Education, so as to shift service priority to the primary level and help with enhancing ITbased education capability of primary and middle schools. We promoted the wholecycle education service platform in 35 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, which covers over 15, 000 educational institutions and serves 4. 25 million personal customers. merchants, a dedicated platform for management of sports associations and sports events, platform for distributing sports coupons, sport resources centre and other applications. We integrated featured financial products such as ice and snow card, the Winter Olympic card and payroll service with sports scenario. We enriched the experience of online users, upgraded the sports zone of mobile banking, and enriched the contents, thus to improve user experience. launched financial products and nonfinancial services suitable for the elderly in the special elderly zone of mobile banking, and carried out the Second BOC Double Ninth Grey Hair Day campaign to enrich the elderly customers privileges. The special elderly zone had 2. 658 million users logging in, and 7. 469 million clicks on login, all in a cumulative manner. We continued to make outlets more friendly to the elderly, and provided featured products and differentiated services for the elderly, and actively participated in the building of an elderly service circle within 15 minutes journey. In the year, we set up 58 new model outlets featuring greyhair service and turned 218 outlets into elderly financefeatured outlets.
38 39 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 39 38 15. 8 With a growth rate of 46 17 RMB 1, 740. 8 billion RMB 188. 8 billion 40 Supporting Rural Revitalisation We continued to step up support for China's rural revitalisation initiative. In August 2021, we officially setup the Rural Revitalisation Finance Department and special forces to leadwork related to rural revitalisation. Moreover, we revised the Action Plan of Bank of China on Facilitating Rural Revitalisation, which specifies key measures for supporting rural revitalisation and sets the targets of an increment of RMB 1 trillion in agriculturerelated loans extended and an average annual growth rate not lower than 10 throughout the Bank during the 14 th Five Year Plan period. By the end of 2021 Innovating in Agriculture Related Products and Services Deepening Cooperation with Agriculture Related Entities Bettering the Diversified Service System We worked out service schemes of Inclusive Loan New Agriculture Connect, Inclusive Loan Farmland Loan and Inclusive Loan MSE Benefit Loan, and actively supported newtype agricultural operators, highstandard farmland constructors and agriculture product processors by satisfying their diversified, multilevel requirements for financial services; We developed Rural Revitalisation Loan Agricultural Benefit Loan to solve problems with traditional agricultural credit business such as insufficient customer information, small service coverage, high customer acquisition cost and inadequate risk mitigation; We launched innovative products to help farmers such as Cotton Loan, Benefit Farmer Lucky E Loan and Tea Merchant E Loan and continuously refined the proagriculture financial product system; We popularised the platform for management of assets, resources and funds in rural areas, launched a pilot programme on building a circulation platform for trading property rights in rural areas, and helped with standardised operation of assets, resources and funds in rural areas; We launched the credit card themed with rural revitalisation in October 2021, and allocated more financial resources to the key areas and weak links of rural economy. We pushed forward cooperation with agriculture and rural area administrations at all levels and agriculturefeatured industrial service platforms, built a digital agriculturerelated product system and made use of digital technology to enhance the role of inclusive finance in boosting rural revitalisation; We advanced cooperation with the National Agricultural Credit Guarantee Alliance inactive marketing of express credit facility to newtype agricultural operators. Upholding the development principle of supporting agriculturerelated and small businesses with a footing on countylevel development, BOC Fullerton Community Bank founded 126 communitybased banks and 189 subbranches across China, covering countylevel rural areas in 22 provinces (municipalities). It is the communitybased banking group with the largest number of domestic institutions and the widest business scale in China. As at the end of 2021, BOC Fullerton Community Bank recorded a balance of loans of RMB 70. 9 billion, and the loans per account reached RMB 160, 000. BOC Guizhou Branch supports the development of kiwifruit industry in Liupanshui City with BOC Farmer Loan The balance of agriculturerelated loans recorded The balance of agriculturerelated inclusive loans reached new countylevel institutions in 2021 We set up Stretching our presence to counties previously uncovered With a growth rate of during the year during the year
40 41 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 40 41 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) In recent years, with the commitment to ecological priority and green development, China has highlighted ecological conservation, incorporating it into the overall plan for building socialism with Chinese characteristics in five fields, and specifying the key nodes and major tasks for the goals of achieving carbon peaking before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060. Actively promoting ecological conservation, Bank of China placed an emphasis on green finance. With the aim to become the first choice for green financial services, we supported the sustainable development of China and the world with practical actions. We remained committed to green development to build up our core competitiveness in commercial banking in the new era; we made financial innovations to provide targeted support for green industries; we applied different policies to different industries to boost their prosperity; we consolidated our foundation for the establishment of a green financial standard system; we conducted international cooperation to enhance the efficiency of global green financial resource allocation. All these efforts have contributed to moving China closer to the carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals and the international community closer to the Paris Climate Agreement goals. Senior Management Professional Teams Governance Framework Governance System of Green Finance We thoroughly implemented the concepts of green development and green transformation by putting Xi Jinping thought on ecological progress fully into effect and closely following the Bank's 14 th Five Year Plan. In 2021, we kept refining the toplevel design and policy systems for green finance. As a result, green credit grew rapidly, the volume of green bond underwritten led the market, and globalised and integrated operations showed outstanding advantages. Green finance gradually became our new calling card. Board of Directors We setup a leading group for green finance and industry planning and development, with Chairman of the Board as the head. In 2021, the group held four meetings to study and communicate national green finance polices and review the Bank's major green finance strategies and policies. The Board of Directors reviewed green finance related issues on a regular basis, directed and supervised key works relevant to green finance. In 2021, the Board listened to the report on green finance development in 2020, reviewed and approved the 14 th Five Year Plan of Bank of China for Green Finance, covering the development of green finance business, management of environmental and social risks, and green performance of institutions and other major issues. We incorporated the management of environmental and social risks into the report on the Group's comprehensive risk management, and reported to the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors for review ona regular basis. We set up the interdepartmental Green Finance Committee under the Executive Committee, with the President as the chairman and 21 departments as the standing members. Throughout the year, the committee coordinated and advanced the work on green finance among business lines and institutions of the Group. Domestic and overseas branches setup a corresponding interdepartmental leading mechanism for green finance. We established professional green finance teams to coordinate the work on green finance. Fulltime or parttime specialists were arranged in all departments to carry out green credit, green bonds, environmental and social risk management, carbon market services, data system construction, operational carbon neutrality and other related businesses. Domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies had set green finance departments, teams or employees in place for relevant work.
42 43 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 42 Focusing on the national carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals, we integrated green finance into our 14 th Five Year Plan development plan, and established our 1 1 N green finance policy system, and refined relevant policies, to guide the Bank towards deepening green finance practices on all fronts. Policies and Regulations To ensure the sound implementation of green finance strategies, we incorporated green development, environmental and social risk management and other factors into the assessment system for executives and employees, and allocated specialpurposed resources to the green finance business to ensure the effective management of green finance. We broke down the strategic goals of green finance into key performance indicators (KPIs) for relevant business lines, and domestic and overseas branches. These indicators involved quantitative business growth goals, green finance policies and regulations, working mechanisms, personnel allocation, research results, etc. We set qualitative management indicators for comprehensive operation companies, such as national strategy implementation and green finance planning. Policy System 14 th Five Year Plan for Green Finance Bank of China Action Plan for Reaching the Goal of Peak Carbon Emissions and Carbon Neutrality Environmental and social risk management 71 industrial policies 1 1 N Data standards and systems Business development Industrial policies Domestic branches, major overseas institutions and comprehensive operation companies formulated green finance strategies or work plans Credit Policy for Photovoltaic Power Generation Industry Credit Policy for Wind Power Equipment Manufacturing Industry Credit Policy for Hydropower Industry Credit Policy for New Energy Whole Vehicle Manufacturing Industry Credit Policy for Water and Water Environment Treatment Industry Credit Policy for the Lithiumion Power Battary Industry Administrative Measures for Mortgage and Pledge of Carbon Emission Permit Risks weight policies for green finance and other businesses Management Plan for Credits Granted to Two Highs industries Twolist management requirements for environmental and social risks Policies on Credit Approval Authority for Relevant Industries Strengthen the management of green credit contracts Requirement for Labeling of Environmental and Social Risk Classification System Standards for Classification of Green Industry Guidance Catalogue Operating Procedures for Statistical Table on Green Credit Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan Service Plan Increase green credit granting Promote highquality development of green finance Guidelines on Industrial Credit Orientation Industry Asset Portfolio Management Plan Guidelines on Green Credit of Bank of China Strategic Evaluation Plan for Serving Ecological Progress Carbon emission reduction supporting tools boost the development of green credit Guidelines on Financing against Renewable Energy Subsidy Right Working Requirements for Green Finance of Overseas Institutions Board of Directors Green Finance Committee Business product departments Management and functional departments Secretariat Risk Policy Committee Senior Management (Executive Committee) Regularly review the green finance strategy and its implementation Regularly review the Bank's environmental and social risk management and other topics Set up the institution's green finance committee, working group or fulltime parttime personnel engaged in relevant work Strategic Development Committee Chaired by President Institute of Bank of China Bank Card Centre Global Markets Department Information Technology Department Credit Approval Department Risk Management Department Equity Investment and Subsidiary Management Department Digital Asset Management Department Consumer Finance Department Digital Personal Banking Department SME Services Department (Rural Revitalisation Finance Department) Global Transaction Banking Department Corporate Banking Department Asset & Liability Management Department Credit Management Department Investment banking and Asset Management Department Globalisation Office Executive Office Board Secretariat Distribution and Operation Management Department Product R&D Centre Green Finance Team Domestic branches Comprehensive operation companies Overseas institutions
44 45 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We kept following the changes in industrial development and macro policies, and actively seized green investment and financing opportunities in the lowcarbon and zerocarbon transformation of the real economy. For industries in restricted categories subject to key regulation of the state and industries with major environmental and social risks, we proactively formulated specific credit guidelines and implemented differentiated and dynamic credit policies as well as risk exposure management systems. Business Orientation In line with the requirements of the Green Credit Guidelines and Green Finance Development Plan of Bank of China, we incorporated the development of green finance into the scope of audit. In 2021, the internal audit continued to follow the development of green finance of the Bank, focused on the implementation of national policies and regulatory requirements on green finance by the Head Office and branches as well as their formulation and transmission of green credit rules, including the implementation of green credit requirements in credit approval, granting review and postloan management. Major problems found in the audit were reported within corresponding jurisdictions. This ensured timely and systematic remediation of such problems. In the year, the internal audit of green credit achieved sound results, effectively enhanced green finance concept across the board, and promoted the improvement of risk control measures for green credit. Internal Audit According to the Notice of Bank of China on Implementing System Labeling for Different Categories of Environmental and Social Risks from Corporate Customers, we labeled customers with Category A, Bor C based on their environmental and social risks, and conducted layered management. In particular, the highly risky Category A customers were subject to more stringent assessment and review measures. At the same time, according to the Classification Specification of Bank of China for the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries and the Operation Regulations of Bank of China for the Green Credit Statistics Table, we maintained the green loan signs in the credit system, thus improving the quality of green financerelated data. In 2021, we further strengthened our study on green finance and training on green credit identification and statistics aswell as other capacity building programmes, and systematically introduced the differences and key operation of green credit standards. Data Standards and Systems The primary framework for the policy system for green finance is formed in terms of business development, industry policies, environmental and social risk management, etc., which is strongly supported by corresponding data systems. The Plan builds a detailed roadmap from 15 aspects including the organisational structure, business development strategies, product innovation, green operation, stress testing, international cooperation, capacity building, and technology empowerment. Policy system for green finance Bank of China Action Plan for Reaching the Goal of Peak Carbon Emissions and Carbon Neutrality Based on the principles of sustainability, responsibility and prudence, the Plan sets forth four strategic goals for the Bank to develop green finance To strive to become the first choice for green financial services; To achieve leapfrog development in green finance business; To properly manage environmental and social risks; To specify the objectives and action plans for carbon neutrality in the operation and asset portfolios of commercial banks. The Plan expounds the opportunities and challenges facing the Bank in green finance Opportunities The global atmosphere for green finance becomes increasingly strong; Chinese green finance policies provide huge dividends; the green industry has abroad space for development; China is expected to achieve corner overtaking in carbon finance. Challenges Industrial structural transformation poses a challenge for banks asset allocation; new green finance requirements pose a challenge for banks comprehensive management capacity, including strategic decisions and implementation, information disclosure, products and services, risk management and green operations. The Plan sets out 45 major requirements in terms of business development pattern, green performance and supporting measures. 14 th Five Year Plan of Bank of China for Green Finance We set the plan for the management of credits granted to industries with high energy consumption and high emissions, and examined and approved energyintensive and highemission projects in a prudent way. We supported production capacity replacement, green transformation, technological upgrading and the like in highcarbon industries. We guided resources towards key areas such as advanced production capacity, lower unit energy consumption, technology upgrading and transformation, intelligent and efficient operation, and guaranteed energy supply. We formulated the Notice of Bank of China on Instruments to Support Carbon Emission Reduction and Relending Programs for Clean and Efficient Use of Coal, which came as an active response to and implementation of special central bank loans for carbon emission reduction supporting tools and the clean and efficient utilisation of coal issued by the PBOC and relevant ministries and commissions. In promoting the transformation and upgrading of highcarbon industries, we avoided the one size fitting all approach and campaignstyle carbon reduction, and implemented differentiated credit management requirements. We did a good job in supporting energy and power supply and price stability, and provided eligible coal and coalfired power companies and projects with reasonable credit support which involved no blind withdrawals or suspensions of loans. Support for the transformation of highcarbon industries We formulated the Supporting Policies of Bank of China Regarding Corporate Green Credit. In terms of credit policies for relevant industries involving green development, we provided preferential policies for green projects, and detailed guidance and support for the development of green businesses. We opened up green approval channels for qualified green projects, allowing them to enjoy preferential credit support such as loan priorities under the same conditions. We formulated the Opinions of Bank of China on Serving the Ecological Conservation by Focusing on Granting More Green Credit and Promoting the Highquality Development of Green Finance. Guidance on green credit granting, product innovation, green finance development in pilot areas, green operation, policy support, data quality, risk management and other aspects were given to all branches to make them more capable of executing green financerelated work. Preferential policies for green projects We formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China on Green Credit, specified the principled risk management requirements for green credit development, and guided credit resources towards the green industries listed in the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries. We formulated the Business Guidance of Bank of China for Financing Based on Confirmed Electricity Price Subsidies for Renewable Energy, providing greater support for renewable energy enterprises to narrow their financial gaps. We formulated the Management Measures of Bank of China for Mortgages and Pledges of Carbon Emission Rights, encouraging the expansion of business regarding mortgage and pledge financing based on carbon emission rights, and supporting enterprises in properly managing their carbon assets. We formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China for Industrial Credit Orientation (Version 2021), moving photovoltaics, wind power and other green industries into higher credit strategy categories. Greater support for green industries
46 47 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Business Development of Green Finance 47 46 We deepened and refined our longeffect development mechanism for green finance, vigorously developed green credit, green bonds and other core businesses, and launched new green finance products in many business lines. By doing so, we met the increasingly diversified financial needs of our customers. Green Finance Domestic Commercial Banking Targeting the national trading markets of carbon emission rights and certified emission reductions, we launched the carbon emission rights pledge financing business in Shanghai, Fujian, Jiangxi, Shenzhen, Inner Mongolia and other regions. We launched the business of financing based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in Beijing, Fujian, Hebei, Inner Mongolia, Zhejiang and other regions. In Zixi, a county located in Fuzhou City, Jiangxi Province and included in the first batch of national demonstration counties for ecological progress and the list of national key ecological function zones, the Bank launched a pilot redemption programme for nonstateowned commercial forests. Loans of RMB 130 million were specially provided for the programme to make good use of the local forest resources and improve the economic benefits of the ecological resources. BOC Guizhou Branch Bijie Sub Branch granted the National Reserve Forest (Phase I) project in Zhijin County a syndicated loan of RMB 350 million. As at the end of 2021, a total of RMB 120 million loans were issued to support national reserve forest development and ecological security. We continued to allocate more credit resources to energy conservation, cleaner production, clean energy, ecological environment, green infrastructure upgrading, green services and other green industries specified in the national Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries. As at the end of 2021, the balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB 1. 4 trillion, a yearonyear increase of 57 with an NPL ratio lower than the overall level of the Group. Fastgrowing green credit We introduced the threedimensional green bond supporting mechanism, linking investment, loans and bonds to support the development of green bonds in all fronts and to meet various capital needs of green industries. Bond issuance A total of USD 12. 8 billion worth of sustainability series bonds was issued overseas, including USD 10. 7 billion in equivalent of green bonds. Bond underwriting In 2021, RMB 129. 4 billion of domestic green bonds were underwritten, ranking the first among commercial banks; USD 23. 4 billion of overseas green bonds were underwritten, ahead of Chinese enterprises listed on the Global Offshore Green Bond by Bloomberg. Bond investment Green bond investments grew rapidly, and topped the Investment List of Green Debt Financing Instruments in 2021 by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII). We issued the first public offering transmission bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB 5 billion equivalent. The bonds aimed to support natural gas cogeneration projects, natural gas power generation projects and cement plant waste heat recovery projects to promote the lowcarbon or zerocarbon transformation of clients engaged in traditional industries. We issued the first biodiversitythemed green bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB 1. 8 billion equivalent. The funds raised were for the demonstration of ecological construction in China, ecological restoration in mountainous areas, ecological water network, national reserve forest, transformation of low quality and low efficiency forest and other projects with biodiversity conservation benefits. We issued the world's first sustainability relinked bonds, Leading market position in green bonds with a scale of USD 300 million. The bonds aimed to promote ESG financing, to provide bond investors with opportunities to participate in sustainability relinked loan programmes under controllable risks, and to encourage relevant economic entities to focus on and keep improving carbon emission reductions and other ESG performance. We supported our client to debut the first carbonneutral securitised product in China, with a scale of RMB 1. 75 billion equivalent. The funds raised were all for renewable energy projects such as wind power, hydropower and PV. We acted as the exclusive green structuring advisor for China's first local government overseas bonds and assisted the issuer in obtaining overseas green bond certification. We underwrote the first green personal auto loan assetbacked security (ABS) in China. The balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB 1. 4 trillion Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovationBOC remained committed to establishing the green financial pattern of One Mainstay, Two Engines, where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations. We continued to promote the business development of and product innovation in green finance, continuously enriched the BOC Green product system and service solutions, and provided personalised and diversified financial services for customers green development.
48 49 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We setup green financial institutions in the green finance reform and innovation pilot zones in nine localities of six provinces and autonomous regions. In particular, BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Sub Branch was designated as the first Head Officelevel pilot branch for green finance. These specialised institutions worked hard to innovate green financial products and provide green and lowcarbon transformation plans for the pilot zones. Under the cooperation agreement with the National Carbon Emission Registration and Clearing Centre, we developed the carbon emission registration and clearing functions in the BOC ECommerce Express system, providing comprehensive internet financial services including contract signing, fund transfer, balance inquiry, fund clearing and account checking. We also actively studied a customeroriented and integrated financial service model of carbon neutrality based on the domestic carbon emission trading market. Fastgrowing individual green business We cooperated with Tesla, Li Auto, Xpeng Motors, NIO and other new energy vehicle companies on consumption installments, and proposed Head Officeto Head Office system connection service programmes for certain enterprises. In 2021, the growth rate of our green consumer credit exceeded the preset objective of 60. In Huzhou, we launched Carbon Loan, Loan for VOCs Emission Reduction, Starclass Loan for Green Factories and other products for nearly 100 enterprises. In Quzhou, we launched the Carbon Account product series. In Guangzhou, we innovated financial services such as the first loans based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in the wind power industry, the carbon emission right pledge loans, and held the promotion conference themed with Through Train of BOC Industry Chain Investment, Loan, Bond and Stock Carbon Neutral Bond of Green Finance. We also launched the first carbonneutral bonds for local stateowned enterprises in the Guangdong Hong Kong Macao Greater Bay Area in Zhuhai. Deepened support for green finance pilot zones Support for the development of carbon trading platforms In collaboration with Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange and Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange, Shanghai Branch formulated the complete operation specifications for financing with carbon emission quotas as effective pledges and risk mitigators, and launched the carbon quota pledge financing service. Green inclusive finance and green public welfare We launched the Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan service programme, providing micro and small green enterprises with exclusive credit channels to solve the capital needs of green enterprises in multiple dimensions. As at the end of 2021, the balance of green inclusive loans reached RMB 7. 01 billion, a yearonyear increase of 73. 6. Based on relevant calculating indicators for Baishanzu National Park's ecological value of Gross Ecosystem Products (GEP), we granted the GEP Ecological Value Loan to a subsidiary of State Development & Investment Corp., Ltd. (SDIC) in Qingyuan County, Lishui City, Zhejiang Province. We launched the Union Pay credit card themed with green and low carbon for personal customers, guiding them towards a green and lowcarbon life. As an exclusive partner for the Green Fortune programme in Shanghai, we distributed a total of more than one million sets of green fortune cards in over 2, 200 local communities, and actively participated in the construction of the city's first demonstration base for green, lowcarbon and recyclable products. Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovation In September 2021, we signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, becoming the first commercial bank to have done so in the field of financial services for carbon neutrality. The two sides agree to carry out indepth collaboration in climate investment and financing, pollution prevention and control, carbon market development, international environmental and energy cooperation and other fields to jointly promote the comprehensive green transformation of economic and social development. Signing with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment to jointly promote the comprehensive green transformation of economic and social development Based on the local carbon efficiency evaluation system on industrial enterprises, BOC Zhejiang Branch actively launched innovative financial services such as Industrial Loan for Dual Carbon Goals and Industrial Carbon Loan, providing targeted support for corporate carbon emission reductions. In Huzhou, we took the lead in launching the Industrial Carbon Loan programme based on the results of the local industrial carbon efficiency benchmarking evaluation ( Carbon Efficiency Code ). The programme adopted a credit model based on the results of the Carbon Efficiency Code evaluation. Differentiated interest rates, credit lines, loan scale and other resources were tilted to green enterprises to support their green and lowcarbon production and improvement in energysaving and carbonreducing technology. Since July 2021, Industrial Carbon Loan has supported 40 companies, with a total scale of RMB 600 million. The product was ranked among the 2021 Innovative Cases of Green Financial Products and Services in Huzhou with the highest score. In Quzhou, based on the pioneering carbon account system developed by the PBOC Quzhou Central Subbranch for industrial enterprises and the Green Energy Code evaluation results from the Quzhou Energy Big Data Centre, we launched the innovative Industrial Loan for Dual Carbon Goals programme. The programme involved the provision of up to RMB 10 million credit loans for micro and small enterprises labeled as dark green, light green or yellow in the evaluation of carbon emission intensity. At the same time, the Bank opened up green channels for enterprises to enjoy priority in green loan approval and granting, and offered them relevant preferential interest rates. By doing so, we allowed the enterprises to benefit from green development. Providing new drivers for enterprises green and lowcarbon development It'sa surprise that the Carbon Efficiency Code can be used for bank loan application. With the funds, we don thave to worry about our equipment transformation and technology development in the next step! Head of A Huzhou Driving Technology Co., Ltd.
50 51 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Focusing on the requirements of national economic restructuring and industrial development strategies, we gave full play to our advantages in integrated operations, and intensified financial supply and services for green projects in terms of investment, bonds, investment banking, insurance, leasing, asset management and others. Green Finance Integration As the first institution to be approved to participate in the establishment of the National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd., the Bank will invest RMB 8 billion to support the development of the national green industry. After the introduction of the ESG investment concept, BOCIM issued the BOC Shanghai Clearing House 0 5 Year ADBC Bond Index Fund with a scale of RMB 5. 06 billion, and developed an ESGthemed UCITIS fund for crossborder cooperation. By closely following China's policy orientation and seizing the investment opportunities in the national endeavour towards the carbon peak goal, BOC Wealth Management launched 30 greenthemed products such as Low Carbon Priority, ESG Priority and New Energy Priority, with a total scale of more than RMB 12. 9 billion. BOC Wealth Management invested RMB 40. 2 billion in green and lowcarbon assets. BOCI provided IPO sponsorship and underwriting, postIPO refinancing debt issuance, M&A and other services for green companies involved insolid waste treatment, renewable resources, new energy and other fields. It assisted Xpeng Motors and Li Auto, two leading smart electric vehicle companies in China, with their dual listing in Hong Kong, raising funds of approximately HKD 30 billion. BOC Insurance provided environmental pollution risk insurance for clients in chemicals, environmental protection, automobile manufacturing and other industries, and green transportation insurance for clients in the new energy vehicle industry. Through innovation in green product portfolios, BOC Insurance assumed insurance liabilities of approximately RMB 8. 3 billion. In the meantime, the institution developed nine additional insurance products for environmental pollution liability insurance and three additional ones for construction insurance involving pollution liabilities. BOCI China worked with China Securities Index Co., Ltd. to develop the CSI BOC International 300 ESG Index. Based on the samples of CSI 300 index, this index adjusts the weights of samples based on their ESG scores to highlight the overall performance of stocks of listed companies which excelled in ESG management while tracking CSI 300 index. With the investment opportunities in green industries, BOC Asset Investment participated in green industry projects such as clean power generation, energy storage, clean energy equipment manufacturing, energy conservation and environmental protection, clean energy equipment manufacturing, and energy conservation and environmental protection through marketoriented debttoequity swaps. As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested a total of RMB 27. 9 billion in green industries, an amount which accounted for more than 40 of the total investments. BOCG Investment invested a total of RMB 11. 1 billion in eight green projects on the new energy vehicle industry chain ona cumulative basis. The institution issued USD 600 million fiveyear senior unsecured green bonds to raise funds for green projects such as clean transportation and renewable energy. BOCI China acted as the colead underwriter for China Huaneng Group's issuance of RMB 2 billion carbon neutrality corporate bonds. The bonds were among the first batch of carbon neutrality green corporate bonds issued on exchanges. The institution conducted the factoring of green assetbacked securities for Power China to facilitate the development of green new energy. Throughout the year, BOCI underwrote 24 overseas green and sustainability bonds, with a total amount of more than USD 8 billion in equivalent. Green bonds BOCL focused on green transportation, green energy, environmental governance and other industries to increase the proportion of green leasing assets. In the year, it provided RMB 1 billion of funds for the Niulan River Dianchi Lake water supplementation project in Kunming, Yunnan through financial leasing. As at the end of 2021, more than 28 of the leasing assets were green assets. BOC Aviation invested USD 2. 1 billion in purchasing energyefficient aircraft, thus saving more than 20 of unit energy consumption. Green funds Green wealth management Green indexes Green insurance Green investment banking Green investment Green leasing 51 50
52 53 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Giving play to the leading role of the green finance, we supported overseas branches in developing green financial products and services adapting to market needs to support their sustainability efforts. Green Finance GlobalisationESG linked loans and green loans We organised or participated in ESGlinked loans and green loans around the globe. We topped among Chinese banks in the lists of global green loans and sustainabilitylinked loans by Bloomberg in 2021. Frankfurt Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the syndicated loan facility for Borkum Riffgrund 3 offshore wind farm in German with a share of EUR 129 million. The project will boast a total export capacity of 900 MW, and is the first purely commercial and the largest offshore wind power project in German. New York Branch participated in the 10 year syndicated facility for the Vineyard Wind offshore wind power project. Joint efforts were made in leading the organisation of the USD 1. 016 billion international syndicated facility for London Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the GBP 7. 58 billion syndicated loan facility for Doggerbank, the world's largest offshore wind power plant. The branch assisted Transmission Capital Partners in the UK with a GBP 230 million M&A financing transaction for the Beatrice Offshore Wind Farm Transmission Assets. London Branch Luxembourg Branch Macau Branch After Luxembourg Branch issued the first green bonds endorsed by a Chinese bank in Europe in 2016, the branch issued dualcurrency green bonds in June 2021, raising USD 500 million and EUR 500 million successfully. The issuance won great response in the market and both the US dollar and euro were oversubscribed. the gasfired combined cycle power plant in Syr Darya of Uzbekistan. Beijing Branch, JSC AB (Bank of China Kazakhstan), Dubai Branch and Tokyo Branch participated in. Panama Branch, Bank of China Mexico and New York Branch jointly participated in the USD 1. 5 billion sustainabilitylinked syndicated facility for Am rica M vil. BOC (Peru) worked with Sydney Branch to arrange a USD 1 billion syndicated loan facility whose interest rate was linked to ESG performance indicators. The loan facility was mainly used for clean energy, carbon emissions and other fields. Tokyo Branch participated in the JPY 55 billion fouryear first green syndicated loan facility arranged by Prologis in the Japanese market, and signed the JPY 60 billion sevenyear first green syndicated loan facility agreement with Global Logistic Properties, a global logistics and warehousing company. Green time deposits BOCHK launched corporate and personal green time deposit products independently certified by third parties in Hong Kong, to raise RMB, HKD and USD funds for green building, renewable energy and pollution prevention industries. In 2021, the scale of these products grew by approximately HKD 3. 98 billion in equivalent. Green consumption credit Macau Branch launched the Green Loan programme, providing loans with preferential interest rates for local people to buy environmentally friendly electric vehicles, build private charging piles, study environmental protection courses and make other green purchases. As at the end of 2021, the programme received more than 270 applications, involving an amount of nearly MOP 100 million. In 2021, BOC (UK) issued personal housing mortgage loans, more than 50 of which were used to help customers purchase brandnew properties with the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) ratings of A and B. Offshore wind power project financing Integrated green businesses BOCHK provided green advisory services for CSSC (Hong Kong) Shipping, assisting in the pricing and issuance of USD 500 million green and blue double certified bonds. Sydney Branch customised derivatives hedge plans for clients green financing projects to reduce interest risk for them. Bank of China (Central and Eastern Europe) Limited assisted Hungary in issuing RMB 1 billion green sovereign panda bonds in China's interbank market. This was the first issuance of green bonds by an overseas sovereign country in China. This issuance conformed to the domestic standards for green bonds and the requirements of Green Bond Principles formulated by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). And the raised funds were used for qualified green expenditures within the Hungarian framework of green bonds. Luxembourg Branch promoted Chinathemed asset management products based on ESG concepts through the BOC Asset Management Platform in Europe. London Branch participated in developing carbon trading products, and worked on the opening of carbon quota clearing accounts. Singapore Branch continued to follow up on building the global carbon trading platform in Singapore, striving to explore the settlement mode of carbon trading. Dualcurrency green bonds Green loans certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative Macau Branch carried out the green loan project certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative in May 2021. This project is the first wind power project financing of a Chinese bank in Vietnam, and the first cooperative project financing between the Bank and the Asian Development Bank. It is also an active practice of the Bank in implementing financial innovation of the Belt and Road Initiative and expanding cooperation with multilateral institutions. Green trade financing New York Branch issued a green standby letter of credit for the cooperation between General Electric and Sinohydro Corporation Limited on water conservancy equipment trading. Sydney Branch issued construction guarantees for green projects, and participated in the AUD 1. 5 billion sustainabilitylinked guarantee refinancing syndicate for a subsidiary of China Communications Construction Company Limited. London Branch participated in the preexport financing for Iraq s Basrah Gas Co., which was initiated by the International Finance Corporation. This is the world's first green financing aiming at reducing the emission of associated gas from Iraqi oil fields, and was named the Middle East Gas Deal of the Year 2021 by Project Finance International.
54 55 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Environmental and Social Risk Management We made continued efforts to improve our environmental and social risk management. We incorporated environmental and social risks as a single category into the comprehensive risk management system. We committed ourselves to establishing an environmental and social risk management mechanism covering the entire process including risk identification, risk assessment and risk monitoring, so as to effectively control relevant risks. With a focus on the environmental and social impacts of investment and financing activities on localities, we comprehensively streamlined our environmental and social risks in the entire business process, covering target customer selection, business initiation, due diligence, credit approval, contract management, fund appropriation and postlending management. We categorised the environmental and social risks of credit customers and financing projects, reduced and mitigated the environmental and social risks in the selected financing projects, and avoided those with major negative environmental and social impacts. Whole Process Management In the meantime, we established sound environmental and social risk reporting and monitoring mechanisms. On such basis, we fully investigated and supervised our environmental and social risks, and offered to communicate with and report to the Board of Directors, regulators and stakeholders. We carried out regular and thorough investigations on the major environmental and social risk events of domestic and overseas institutions and comprehensive operation companies. We updated our risk reports on a regular basis, analysed the risk status and major risk events in the current period, and estimated the risk status for the next period. Moreover, we reported to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors ona quarterly basis. We carried out dynamic monitoring on the environmental and social risks of our customers, and inspected on customers environmental and social risk categories and green loan labels. We incorporated the management of environmental and social risks into routine internal control and supervisory inspection, timely identified risk loopholes in rules, processes and operations and then made corresponding rectifications. We strengthened our communication with clients, employees, suppliers, peers, investors, community residents, environmental protection organisations, the media and regulators. We strictly followed the environmental protection regulations of localities, and incorporated environmental and social risks and other factors into our management process. Regular reporting Dynamic monitoring Commutation with stakeholders 55 54 Pursuant to the Classification Criteria for Category A and Category B Projects and Customers, the customer relationship departments classify customers by environmental and social risks, carry out corresponding system labeling, and reexamine their risks ona regular basis. Highrisk Category A Customers are subject to stricter assessment and examination measures. Category A Customers are those with potential high environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities may seriously change the status quo of the environment and cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can hardly be eliminated). Category B Customers are those with potential medium environmental and social risks (their construction, production, and business activities will cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can be easily eliminated through mitigation measures). Category C Customers are those with relatively low environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities will not cause obvious adverse environmental and social consequences). Customer classification The Bank carries out due diligence on the environmental and social risks of customers (projects), with a focus on their compliance and compliance risks, including their pollution prevention and control measures, the characteristics of their industries and localities, aswell as their policies in climate change and energy management, cultural heritage protection, labor conditions and community health and safety management, and biodiversity and sustainable resource protection. The Bank makes reasonable and objective judgments on the environmental and social risks of the customers, and provides relevant evaluation and analysis in business initiation reports. Due diligence The compliance document list is formulated. The examination of environmental and social risks is taken as a necessary part of credit approval, with specific requirements set out. Key examinations for highrisk customers The Bank examines the classification, for which relevant business departments can be required to make adjustments; the Bank focuses on how the environmental and social risks of Category A B customers impact credit risks, and mitigation measures can be taken. The Bank adopts the singlevote veto system in support of environmental protection, providing no credit support for projects that have failed in national environmental impact assessment and other relevant standards. Credit approval Fund appropriation Postlending management Contract management Customers with Category A environmental and social risks should be urged to strengthen environmental and social risk management among all clauses in the credit contracts. In addition to signing such credit contracts, these customers shall make statements and add clauses on strengthening environmental and social risk management. The Bank carries out dynamic monitoring on environmental protection penalties and other negative public comments, and strengthened postlending management for highrisk customers. Environment and Social Risk Management and Control Process for Credit Business How the customers manage their environmental and social risks should be taken as an important basis for the approval and appropriation of credit funds.
56 57 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains After fully assessing the environmental and social risks facing all industries, we added binding requirements on environmental and social risk management to the credit policies for relevant industries. Key industries Credit policies Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery In the year, we revised the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Hog Cultivation, and formulated relevant policies for crop seeding, beef rearing, slaughtering, meat processing and other industries. We enhanced understanding of the subsectors of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery. Inaccordance with the Management Measures for Collateral of Permits for Carbon Emissions of Bank of China Limited, China Certified Emission Reduction of forestry carbon sinks conforming to the standards can be included in the collateral scope. Mining and metallurgy In 2021, we formulated the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Mining and Metallurgy. We implemented different policies for different categories of customers and projects, and worked faster to adjust our customer structure and product structure. In particular, we paid attention to the requirements of the national supplyside structural reform, and implemented classification and tiered management. Energy and coal The Credit Policies of Bank of China for Power Industry is currently effective. It specifies that credit granting must comply with Chinese laws, regulations and policies as well as the Bank's requirements related to green credit. The Bank supported the technological transformation for energy conservation and emission reduction, and followed the technological transformation progress of the projects which credit were granted to. We adopted strict control measures for new overseas coal mining and coal power projects. From the fourth quarter of 2021, BOC stopped providing financing for new overseas coal mining and coalfired power projects. For the signed ones, the Bank continued to fulfill relevant contracts. Oil and gas The Credit Policies of Bank of China for Petroleum Refining Industry and the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Natural Gas Industry are currently effective. These documents require the strict implementation of the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting the Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects whose Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Needs to be Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019) and policy requirements related to pollution discharge. Rail transportation The Credit Policies of Bank of China for Rail Transportation is currently effective. According to this document, urban rail transit should be characterised as green, lowcarbon and environmentally protective, credit granting must comply with the relevant requirements of environmental protection laws, regulations and policies and the Bank's green finance policies. During business development, attention should bepaid to the environmental impacts brought by project construction and operation, and no support may be given to projects with major potential environmental and social risks. Shipping The Credit Policies of Bank of China for Shipping Industry is currently effective. It requires the strict compliance with green credit principles to ensure that shipping transportation complies with domestic laws and regulations and relevant international conventions. No credit support may be given to the projects which produce ships with equipment and materials explicitly eliminated by the state. Ports The Credit Policies of Bank of China for Port Industry is currently effective. It requires that the customers and their projects must be approved by the state and other relevant authorities, and that attention should bepaid to the impacts on the ecological and social environment. Key support should be given to the energyefficient port projects which have minor impacts on water resources and produce low pollution. It is strictly forbidden to support projects involving major environmental and social risks. We attached great importance to establishing the environmental and social risk policy system, and incorporated environmental and social risks into our comprehensive risk management system. We specified the system labels for different categories of environmental and social risks, Risk Management Policies the binding requirements on environmental and social risks in various industries, the biodiversity protection requirements, and the compliance review lists of environmental and social risks. We also adjusted risk weights assessment and approval authority correspondingly. Promising overseas coal withdrawal policies In the year, we revised the Comprehensive Risk Management Policies of Bank of China, incorporating environmental and social risks as a single category into the comprehensive risk management system for the first time. We included binding requirements on environmental and social risk management in the credit policies for 71 industries such as agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery, mining and metallurgy, oil and gas, rail transportation, and material manufacturing. We prohibited the provision of credit for projects seriously damaging biodiversity, and paid full attention to the ecological impacts from the business activities of the clients. In September 2021, we made a solemn promise to no longer provide financing for new overseas coal mining and coalfired power projects, except for the signed ones, from the fourth quarter of 2021. Forestalling environmental and social risks Specifying the compliance document list and review list Note 1 Adopting the caliber of green credit issued by CBRC, mainly includes six industries energy conservation, cleaner production, clean energy, ecological environment, green infrastructure upgrading, green services, traderelated green credits; and consumptionrelated green credit. In the year, we formulated the Notice on Circulating the Two Lists of Environmental and Social Risks for Certain Industries. The Notice specified the compliance document list and the compliance risk review list which were used in the initiation, approval and other links of credit granting for certain industries with high environmental and social risks. Adjusting risk weights assessment Differentiated approval authority Strengthening credit contract management In the year, we formulated the Notice on Adjusting the Risk Weights of Green Finance and Other Businesses, and transmitting the risk appetite and management requirements of the Head Office. The Notice lowered the risk weight of green credit and raised that of financing for brown brown industries in the Bank's internal assessment. In the year, we formulated the Notice of Bank of China on Implementing Green Finance Strategy and Adjusting the Credit Approval Authority for Certain Industries, granting part of the approval authority for the photovoltaic industry, and raising that for the coking industry, in a bid to strengthen environmental and social risk management. According to the current Notice of Bank of China on Implementing Regulatory Requirements on Green Credit and Energy Efficiency Credit and Strengthening Credit Contract Management, clients with high environmental and social risks should be urged to strengthen environmental and social risk management among all clauses in the credit contracts.
58 59 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Keenly focusing on the impacts of climate risk changes on our financial assets, we identified and analysed how physical and transformational changes of climate risks caused impacts and transmitted such impacts. We conducted climate risk sensitivity stress tests for key industries, to quantify the risk shocks and financial influences indifferent scenarios. Climate Risk Management Climate risk identification Environmental and Climate Risk Factors Influence economic entities through the social and economic system For macroeconomy Trend changes occur to the productivity and labor market in specific industries, regions or seasons. Systemic depreciation or appreciation occurs to specific types of assets, which has lasting impacts on market investment behaviors. Trend or stressrelated changes occur to the market supply and demand, which correspondingly influences the pricing of interest rate and foreign exchange rate, etc. Influence banks through the market mechanism and financial performance of economic entities Feedback mechanism of finance to the real economy Longterm trends temperature, precipitation and sea level, etc. Shortterm events flood, storm, draught and heat wave, etc. Policy transition Technological transition Credit risk The default rate of customers or counterparties increases, which requires higher impairment provision. Market risk Values and expected returns of assets like commodities, derivatives and others change. Physical risk Transition risk We considered how climate risks would impact the Bank in different time ranges. Over the short term (within one year), the middle term (1 5 years), and the long term (more than 5 years), physical and transition risks may have different impacts in our risk system. Some transition risks (e. g., market preference shifted to lowcarbon assets) and physical risks (e. g., continued global sea level rise) were expected to have larger impacts over longer periods of time, whereas the risks brought by some sudden weather events (e. g., typhoons and rainstorms) may impact the Bank's financial assets in the short term, but such impacts will be small in the long term. Under the impacts of longterm physical and transition risks, some types of businesses may not be able to operate, some industries may become less profitable overall, and the Bank's asset quality or operation may be influenced. At the present stage, the risk from transition facing the Bank is significant. To achieve carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, China's economic development mode, energy structure, technological path, production and consumption patterns will undergo profound changes. What'smore, during the green and lowcarbon transition, financial position of traditional industries will see different changes as their carbon emissions differ from each other, which will affect the solvency of enterprises and thus will lead to rising default rate. The result is that the asset quality of banks will be affected. In 2021, we participated in the climate risk stress tests organised by the PBOC, and assessed the potential impact of carbon peaking, carbon neutrality and goaloriented transition on credit assets. The results showcased that under the stress scenario, clients engaged in thermal power, steel, and cement industries would face higher credit risk, but the impact on capital adequacy was generally controllable. Climate risk measurement With full attention paid to the impacts from the customers business activities on the ecosystem, we strictly abode by the laws, regulations and rules on biodiversity protection, and prohibited the provision of credit support for the actions seriously damaging biodiversity. For controversial projects, while ensuring compliance with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where the customers and projects are located, we fully listened to the opinions Biodiversity Risk Management At the same time, our overseas branches carried out stress tests in succession. BOC UK introduced climate risk scenario stress tests to the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report (ICAAP); BOCHK completed the stress tests for the transformational and physical risks of several industries. Branches in Singapore, Frankfurt, Sydney and other regions also conducted relevant climate risk stress tests. of professional evaluation agencies, residents, media and nonprofit environmental protection organisations, etc., evaluated the environmental and social risks of these projects on a prudent manner, and determined relevant credit strategies. Moreover, we urged relevant enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake the obligation of ecological protection and restoration. For microeconomy Macroeconomy has indirect influences on microeconomy. The assets of economic entities suffer physical damages or value depreciation due to policy and technological transformation. Power, transportation, water, communication and other public resources and services suffer damages, resulting difficulties or disruptions of enterprises production, operation and relevant supply chain. The expectation of physical or transition risks changes the risk appetite of economic entities. Operational risk Partial functions of banks run into difficulties or disruptions. The operation of upstream and downstream supply chain run into difficulties or disruptions. Liquidity risk Liquidity shortage occurs.
60 61 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Innovative Esg Integration Practices Raising the concept of sustainability as a bankwide strategy, we actively integrated environmental and social standards into business processes. Basing on our innovative expertise in green finance, we built a futureoriented sustainable financial development model, and worked with all parties to cope with the everincreasing environmental and social risks. 60 With great importance attached to customer risk assessment, we included environmental and social risk management in the entire credit granting process. In 2021, we piloted the development of the innovative ESG evaluation system for corporate customers in Zhejiang. Basing on the mature international ESG evaluation framework, we incorporated Chinese characteristic indicators and established a differentiated interest rate pricing mechanism, with greater support provided for enterprises or projects with good ESG performance. Credit Business The ESG evaluation system can help us identify enterprises credit quality and sustainability, and provide visual reference data for us to make investment and financing decisions. Based on the resource endowment of Zhejiang Province as a pilot zone for green financial reform and digital reform, we integrated internal and external big data to launch the pilot development of the ESG evaluation system for local corporate customers. By comprehensively considering the key influencing factors of credit as well as our data governance, we established an ESG indicator system covering four tiers. The environmental performance, social responsibility, corporate governance and other factors of the enterprises were fully examined, and the results were presented as Enterprise ESG Scores (a hundredmark system). Visually displaying the ESG risks of borrowers in different industries, such scores provided reference for the credit process. At the same time, we also regularly monitored the extent to which the ESG evaluation results impacted industries and regions, and applied results in due diligence and project review to industry and regional limits to create an ESGdriven green bank. Developing the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers to serve their sustainability As an active bond issuer in the capital market, we established and improved the sustainability bondrelated framework, and actively explored innovative products such as transformation bonds and sustainabilitylinked bonds. In 2021, we issued the first transformation bonds among global financial institutions, the first biodiversitythemed green bonds among global financial institutions, and the world's first sustainability relinked bonds. We also provided financial support for the new and existing projects with environmental and social benefits. BOC listed six ESG bonds totaling 2. 2 billion on the London Stock Exchange On November 12, 2021 Bond Business During the UN Climate Change Conference (COP 26) in November 2021, we held the listing ceremony for six Sustainability Series (ESG) Bonds on the London Stock Exchange, with a total amount of USD 2. 2 billion. They were a sustainability relinked bond and five sustainability series bonds that had already been listed in other markets. Innovatively issued by London Branch in October 2021, the sustainability relinked bond was used to raise funds for sustainabilitylinked loans. The coupon rate of the bond was indirectly linked to the ESG performance targets (including carbon dioxide emission reductions, unit energy consumption and ESG rating) of the underlying loan and its fluctuating interest rate. The bond aimed to promote ESG financing, to provide bond investors with opportunities to participate in sustainabilitylinked loan programmes under controllable risks, and to encourage enterprises to focus on and keep improving carbon emission reductions and other ESG performance. Innovating sustainability bonds to support global climate actions We established a regular reporting mechanism for Sustainability Series Bonds. In other words, the capital allocation, environmental and social benefits and other data of qualified projects aswell as the Annual Report on Sustainability Series Bonds were regularly disclosed on our official website. Information disclosure Before bond issuance, thirdparty institutions were invited to conduct certification on the purpose of funds tobe raised, the types of projects tobe invested and their selection process, and fund management. After the bond issuance and before their maturity, we evaluated the use of funds raised, the performance of the projects invested, the impacts of environmental and social benefits and other aspects ona yearly basis. Assessment of environmental and social benefits We followed the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021), the Green Bond Principles (2021) and the Socially Responsible Bond Principles (2021). In 2021, we revised the Sustainability Series Bonds Management Statement of Bank of China, and established the Transformation Bond Management Statement of Bank of China and the Sustainability Relinked Bond Management Statement of Bank of China. Bond framework formulation 61
62 63 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We actively implemented the concept of responsible investment and incorporated environmental, social and corporate governancerelated standards into the investment decisionmaking process. Basing on the characteristics of asset management, direct investment and other businesses, we made comprehensive use of strategies such as ESG integration and sustainable investment, and worked towards the commitment to realise longterm competitive financial returns and positive environmental and social impacts. Asset Management and Direct Investment Business BOC Wealth Management Based on the research results of thirdparty ESG evaluators, BOC Wealth Management fully considered the ESG status of asset evaluation objects. The objects with low ESG scores were strictly controlled to participate in wealth management programmes, and those with high ESG scores were given preferential approval policies in this aspect. As at the end of 2021, 85 of BOC Wealth Management's positions were from the entities with medium and high ESG scores, accounting for 94. 9 of the position value. BOCIM BOCIM established an internal ESG evaluation system for fixed income investment and credit research. The internal model of this system involved 19 indicators such as environmental penalties, taxation, production safety and information disclosure violations. The carbon emissions and other environmental databases of external third parties were introduced to this system aswell. BOCIM made continuous efforts to optimise environmental data indicators and comprehensively assessed how environmental evaluation impacted ESG scores. BOC Asset Investment Based on policy and regulatory requirements, BOC Asset Investment formulated the Guidelines for Green Finance Investment, determined to focus on investing in and supporting six green industries clean energy, energy conservation, clean production, ecological environment, infrastructure green upgrade and green services. It also plans to make green industry investment account for more than 50 of its total investment by 2025. As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested in a total of 21 debttoequity swap projects in green industries, with an amount of RMB 27. 9 billion. BOCG Investment BOCG Investment established a green bond issuance framework, under which the company issued the first USD 600 million fiveyear green bonds in the year. The funds raised would be invested in clean transportation, renewable energy, green buildings and other green projects. BOCG Investment carried out research on topics such as carbon peak and carbon neutrality, and provided greater support for green industries. During the year, the company led the investment in the Series A and B rounds of financing for Svolt Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and participated in investing in the private equity firm National Green Development Fund Management whose establishment was organised by National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd. BOCI BOCI gradually incorporated ESG into investment management links. ESG factors were considered as risk factors in investment portfolio analysis; external core ESG databases were used in climate scenariobased analysis and stress testing; the ESG exposures of investment portfolios were analysed and monitored ona regular basis; the ESG scores of investment portfolios and individual stocks were updated on a monthly basis; when the score of a position being held was lower than the threshold, an examination would be automatically triggered. ESG integration ESGrelated factors and traditional financial considerations are structurally integrated into the investment decisionmaking process Sustainabilitythemed investment Investment goes to sustainabilitythemed enterprises or projects to help address environmental or social challenges Capacity Building for Green Finance We incorporated the organisation of green financerelated training and R&D projects as our major strategic tasks into our 2021 training plan, and continued to improve our green finance education and training system. By such means as establishing the BOC Green Finance Training Institute, compiling and issuing the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021), and setting up the online green finance learning platform, we comprehensively improved our capacity of serving green development. With great importance attached to green finance training, we coordinated and integrated the education and training resources inside and outside BOC. We provided managers and key personnel at all levels and lines with informative training on green finance of various forms, including lectures by BOC s experts, New Finance Academy, open class, special training class, and seminars. Professional Training Setting up the cloud green finance learning platform In the green finance column set upon the BOC training centre cloud platform, we kept building and improving our green finance course system and developed and launched 26 online green finance courses in eight modules. As at the end of 2021, more than 350, 000 employees benefited from those courses. Preparing the Reader on Green Finance Knowledge We compiled the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021) for employees reference and study. The Reader contains a proposal to the whole staff of BOC, definition of the relevant terms, three major functions and five pillars, major events, and internal and external importance policies of green finance. Organising an open lecture on green finance In January 2021, Professor Zhang Xiliang, Director of the Institute of Energy, Environment and Economy at Tsinghua University, was invited to give an offline lecture themed with Technical Routes to Support Carbon Neutrality Goal in the Head Office of the Bank. Moreover, this lecture was livestreamed to more than 2, 000 persons in charge and key personnel in domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies.
64 65 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Holding green finance seminars In May 2021, we held an advanced seminar of BOC Green Finance Academy in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, which was lectured offline by seven experts in green finance, including Dr. Ma Jun, director of Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking. This lecture was attended by nearly 50 executives including chiefs of Head Office departments and deputy general managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking of tierone branches. Launching the training on green finance business development strategies In June 2021, we launched an offline training course on green finance business development strategies. This course was given by six expert lecturers invited from within and outside the Bank, and attended by 95 persons, including middlelevel managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking from 36 branches. Launching the training on green credit identification and statistics In November 2021, the Credit Management Department of the Bank held a training session on green credit identification and statistics through both online and offline means. The training focused on introducing the green statistical standards of the PBOC and the CBIRC, and presented errorprone marking types and cases in simple terms. It was participated by 5, 400 persontimes. Providing professional qualification certification London Branch worked with the Chartered Banker Institute (CBI) to provide employees with the courses for Green and Sustainable Finance Certificate. The courses focused on the professional basic knowledge of green and sustainable finance and practices in different financial service areas. In 2021, the courses were taken by more than 100 employees. Inviting experts from professional institutions to deliver special training New York Branch ESG working group invited experts to deliver nine sessions of training on diversified topics concerning ESG. The training benefited over 300 employees from business, risk management and compliance departments. As the only Chinesefunded bank among nine founders of Singapore Green Finance Centre, Singapore Branch actively participated in the cuttingedge research and training. The directors and the Senior Management members of the Bank published several articles in People's Daily, China Finance, and 21 st Century Business Herald and were interviewed by media, explaining the economic and social challenges and opportunities brought about by carbon peak and carbon neutrality, introducing green finance planning and risk response scheme of BOC and putting forward constructive views and suggestions. In addition to the topics above, Institute of Bank of China timely tracked domestic and international hotspot issues related to green finance, publishing 16 research articles on green finance, carbon finance, ESG and other topics in internal and external publications. The Bank's Industry Research Centre launched 28 reviews and 11 features on hotspot issues related to green finance, in an active endeavour to support green finance development in the Bank and in the domestic and foreign financial sectors. We actively studied the cuttingedge fields of green finance to promote the formulation of green finance policies and provide suggestions for product and service innovation. By doing so, we advanced the sustainable development of our green finance business. Thematic Research Contributing Financial Strength to Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality Banks Serve the Green and Lowcarbon Development and Exploration Developing Carbon Finance to Support Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality Goals International Experience of Commercial Banks in Supporting Low Carbon Finance How Financial Institutions Support Green Development along the Belt and Road International Experiences of How Finance Supports Biodiversity and Relevant Enlightenment to BOC BOC Analysis of Carbon Neutrality Impacts on Key Industries aswell as Relevant Strategy Suggestions International Experience in Carbon Trading Market and Relevant Enlightenment to BOCMajor research achievements With professional capacity building as the starting point, we kept enriching our personnel to build a green finance talent team. Talent Planning We planned the cultivation of green finance talents in the Green Finance Talent Development Plan for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period. We kept identifying green finance experts within the group, and assigned fulltime green finance specialists in the Head Office and domestic branches step by step. Closely following the market, we carried out a series of research on the cutting edges of green finance at home and abroad, the advanced experience of peers, the business opportunities in green finance and carbon market, etc. With the BOC Green Finance Research Institute as the platform, we continuously improved our green finance course system to meet the needs of cultivating various types of talents. Talent training plan Talent team development plan
66 67 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Promoting Green and Low Carbon Operations We made every effort to respond to the national goals of carbon peak and carbon neutrality. Closely following the domestic and foreign progress in climate change policy responses, we formulated the Bank of China Action Plan for Reaching the Goal of Peak Carbon Emissions and Carbon Neutrality. We improved our environmental management system, took actions for green operation and green office, worked faster to achieve comprehensive green transformation, and reduced the environmental impacts from our operations. We started our commitment to operational carbon neutrality in 2021, including more than 11, 000 domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies in Chinese mainland and another 62 countries and regions in the scope of carbon accounting. By the means such as systematically compiling the greenhouse gas emission inventory and introducing professional thirdparty carbon accounting teams, we calculated our own operation carbon emissions in a comprehensive manner. In 2021, the emissions Note 1 of domestic and overseas institution and comprehensive operation companies of the Bank totaled 1. 5341 million tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. We will strengthen our management on energy conservation, reduce office consumption of water, electricity, paper, oil and other types of resources and improve use efficiency. Moving Towards Operational Carbon Neutrality While keeping reducing operational carbon emissions, BOC Aviation purchased carbon credits from two projects that met the international voluntary emission reduction mechanism, Verified Carbon Standard, to offset its direct carbon emissions. Currently, BOC Aviation has become 100 neutral in direct carbon emissions. BOC London Branch and BOC (UK) set shortterm and longterm green operation goals, planning to reduce greenhouse gas emissions year by year, realise operational carbon neutrality within their jurisdiction before 2030, and help upstream and downstream companies further reduce emissions through supply chain management from 2030 to 2050. Singapore Branch put into operation the eGIRO project, enabling online periodic payment business application. This project shortened the time for business handling from Exploratory practices towards carbon neutrality This is to certify that Please refer to the disclosure page on www. toitu. co. nz for further details. Toit carbonreduce is an annual certification programme and this certificate only remains valid with an annual surveillance audit. Osana Robertson Certifier Bank of China (New Zealand) Limited meets the requirements of Toit carbonreduce certification having measured its greenhouse gas emissions inaccordance with the requirements of ISO 14064 -1 2018 and committed to managing and reducing its emissions in respect of the operational activities of its organisation. Date issued 23 12 2021 Valid until 23 12 2024 Certificate Number 2021218 J Certification Status Certified organisation Company Address Level 17, Tower 1, 205 Queen Street Auckland, 1010, New Zealand Certification Year Level of Assurance Limited The Carbon Reduce Certificate BOC (New Zealand) obtained three weeks to a few minutes, thus greatly improving the service quality and efficiency, and made business procedures paperless, saving a large amount of paper. BOC (New Zealand) had its greenhouse gas emissions measured by a professional third party, formulated carbon emission management and reduction strategies, and obtained a Carbon Reduce Certificate for its compliance with international best practices (ISO 1400641). Note 1 According to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) developed by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, emissions of companies are divided into three scopes (scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3). This operational carbon accounting referred to scope 1 and scope 2. We will further strengthen carbon footprint identification and management. We will actively work out the timetable and roadmap for operational carbon peak and carbon neutrality, formulate the green operation plans of carbon peak and carbon neutrality for domestic institutions, and set appropriate quantitative environmental management goals for emission reductions, conservation of water, electricity and paper, and the like. Practicing Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction We established an energy management team of the Head Office to coordinate the energy conservation and greenhouse gas emission control in the Head Office and the institutions in Beijing. The specific work included greenhouse gas emission target setting; emission data gathering, verification, analysis and reporting; trading of greenhouse gas quotas and performance of relevant contracts. Energy Environmental Management We strictly implemented the Energy Conservation Management Measures for Key Energyconsuming Institutions and the Evaluation Standards for Green Buildings, and emphasised the energy conservation of office buildings. As a result, the energy efficiency of our major office buildings in the Head Office and Beijing reached the nationally advanced level. Building energy conservation was regarded as important reference for our construction, purchase and leasing of offices, and was given priority in the entire process including the approval, design, tendering, construction, and use of office building projects. We purchased energysaving products, replacing safety exit indicators, elevator hall lighting, some public area lighting, nightscape lighting and other lighting facilities with LED light sources. That could save approximately 100, 000 k Wh of electricity every year. We transformed the refrigeration units and some other highpower electrical devices in the Head Office into variable frequency ones to reduce their power consumption. Basing on factors such as the epidemic, weather and the number of people in offices, we improved the regulation and operation plan for airconditioning equipment. By making full use of natural cold sources for refrigeration, we reduced the operating time of refrigeration units. We introduced tap water and domestic hot water to the pantry for less consumption of direct drinking water. We equipped the toilets with new watersaving sanitary ware. We added the consideration of environmental protection to the procurement process and led upstream and downstream industrial chains toa green and lowcarbon development. We promoted paperless office, made full use of teleconferencing and video conferencing systems, and reduced meeting and business trips. In 2021, the number of video meetings held by the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing reached 3, 321. We carried out publicity and training activities related to energy conservation. We prepared energy and water saving publicity materials in restaurants, pantries, toilets and other areas, and actively participated in energysaving public welfare activities such as Earth Hour. At the same time, according to the Notice of Planned Water Use Indicators issued by the Beijing Water Conservation Management Centre and the Approval Method for Quotas of Key Carbon Emission Institutions in Beijing issued by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Ecological Environment, we formulated the standards and quantitative control targets for the consumption of standard coal, electricity, water and other resources, aswell as the postevaluation mechanism for these quantitative control targets. Energy saving and emission reduction measures Energy conservation transformation Green procurement Green office Watersaving transformation Green buildings Note For the Bank's performance in green operations, please refer to pages 114 to 116, the part of ESG Key Performance in this report.
68 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We encouraged business outlets at all levels to practice green development concepts from three aspects, namely, green construction, green business, and green operation. Specifically, we encouraged them to follow green building standards for new construction or upgrading projects, promote green energy and energysaving technologies, and grow themselves into green finance demonstration outlets; to study and prepare a plan for building a green financefeatured outlet, provide customers with green financial products and services, and support green finance development relying on the advantages of outlets in channels; to operate in a green manner, sort garbage, save water and electricity, choose green transportation, eat green food, and reduce the daily consumption of outlets. Through those efforts, we expected to achieve the operational carbon neutrality of a group of outlets. As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, we responded to the Green Olympics concept and formulated the Carbon Neutral Plan of Bank of China for Financial Services for Beijing 2022, ensuring the carbonneutral financial services for the Games. Providing Green and Low Carbon Services We designed and built our temporary outlets for he Winter Olympics with green building standards and materials, and provided green energy supply for these outlets. We actively practiced the concept of Green Olympics, making full use of our products to provide comprehensive financial services for the qualified green venues and infrastructure projects of he Winter Olympics. Designed as a characteristic green finance outlet, BOC Green Subbranch in Tongzhou Canal Business District, Beijing, was built inaccordance with international green standards. Environmentfriendly building materials were strictly applied to ensure the dust We comprehensively calculated our carbon emissions in the outlet construction and operations, machinery operation, consumable usage, dining and travelling of personnel and other activities during our support for the Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics. We offset inevitable carbon emissions by means such as purchasing carbon quotas and developing carbon sink projects. Green finance outlets Green services for the Winter Olympicsfree assembly and green construction. This Subbranch is the first characteristic green finance outlet in Beijing with the international LEED certification and the carbon neutral certification for outlet opening issued by Beijing Carbon Emissions Trading Centre. In the meantime, we adopted a digitised business model for our green transformation. While providing better customer service experiences, we made allround efforts to reduce the consumption of paper documents and improve the efficiency of resource utilisation. Additionally, we actively advocated green concepts among customers, and worked to create a more environmentfriendly operation and service system. We encouraged customers to choose electronic billing and reduce paper bill usage The electronic billing rate across the Bank reached 98. 52, and paper bill printing and mailing only accounted for 1. 48. We sent 24. 4723 million electronic balance statement reconciliations, reducing the cost of paper bills by RMB 489 million. Electronic bills 69 Smart counters With a paperless design covering the entire process, smart counters basically involved zero printing, zero vouchers and zero paper records. In this way, we practiced the concept of green and low carbon, and reduced resource consumption. Smart screens We promoted smart screens ona trial basis, conducting unified release, differentiated delivery and electronic display of outlet marketing information to reduce the use of paper leaflets.
70 71 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Participating in Global Green Cooperation We actively participated in international cooperation on green development. We actively adopted global sustainabilityrelated initiatives or principles, promoted the development of professional cooperation platforms, and participated in various forms of exchange activities on green finance, climate actions and other themes. In this way, we made our voice heard on the international stage of green finance and contributed our wisdom to its development. In 2021, we officially signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), and became a supporter of the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Moreover, we actively performed our responsibilities in relevant task forces, contributed our results of green finance research, and participated in the formulation of international standards. In this way, we worked with all parties to promote winwin cooperation in green development. Supporting Green Initiatives and International OrganisationsUN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD)In August 2021, we signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), and joined the UN Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI). In the year, we conducted a gap analysis on the relevant requirements of the PRB, and actively formulated environmental and social action targets. Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road We fulfilled our responsibilities as the cochairman of the Working Group on Green Financial Product Innovation under Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road; actively attended the webinar coorganised by the GIP Secretariat and Astana International Financial Centre, introducing GIP and our green finance practices to financial institutions in Central Asia; and attended the GIP Annual meeting, reporting summaries and plans on behalf of the Working Group. In February 2021, we became a TCFD supporter. In the year, we actively carried out stress testing, carbon footprint measurement and other work, and attended the work related to UKChina Climate and Environmental Information Disclosure Pilot. Moreover, we prepared this report with reference to the TCFD guidelines, fully disclosing our analysis of and practical responses to the impacts of climate changes. International Capital Market Association (ICMA) We fulfilled the responsibilities as a member of ICMA s 2020 2021 Advisory Council of the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines. We coorganised many online meetings and seminars, and participated in the translation of relevant guidelines into Chinese. In this way, we promoted green bond standards in the international community and integrated them with Chinese ones at the same time. Other green initiatives and organisations We attended the seminar of domestic technical counterpart working group of International Organisation for Standardisation Technical Committee on Sustainable Finance (ISO TC 322), discussing the exposure drafts and expert opinions on relevant international standards; we joined the Technical Expert Group of International Platform on Sustainable Finance Working Group on Taxonomies, promoting the compilation of the Report of Sustainable Finance Common Ground Taxonomy - Climate Change Mitigation. We actively participated in the activities organised by Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking, Climate Investment and Finance Association of China Society for Environmental Sciences, etc. 70 We actively attended the UN Biodiversity Conference, the UN Climate Change Conference and domestic and overseas sustainabilityrelated exchange activities, discussing with all parties the cuttingedge trends in green finance, and driving and leading the development of global ecologically friendly banks. Strengthening Cooperation with Multiple Parties The Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP 15) As the only stateowned bank designated to provide financial services for this Conference, we coorganised the forum themed with how banking and financial institutions supported biodiversity conservation, and assisted in drafting and publishing the Joint Declaration on Support for Biodiversity Conservation by Banking and Financial Institutions. Climate Risk Forum hosted by Chinese and American Chambers of Commerce We attended the forum, Tackling Climate Change Together USChina Business Dialogue, cohosted by China General Chamber of CommerceUSA and the American Chamber of Commerce in China. At this forum, we encouraged both business communities to further cooperate on coping with climate change challenges and promoting their own green transformation. ChinaEU Green Economic Cooperation and Development Summit This summit focused on issues such as ChinaEU carbon neutrality and sustainability, ChinaEU green finance cooperation and corporate green social responsibilities, calling for efforts to strengthen bilateral cooperation in green economy, finance and other fields. Luxembourg Branch released the Green Action Initiative on behalf of the business community. The 26 th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 26) Chairman Liu Liange delivered a keynote speech at the international cooperation seminar themed on Addressing Climate Change with Green Finance Support during the conference, and called on financial institutions to strengthen international cooperation, to include green development in their corporate governance systems, and to contribute strength to addressing climate changes and building a shared community of life on earth. transformation of highcarbon industries. General Manager of London Branch introduced the specific measures taken by BOC to support the green transformation.
72 73 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Scan QR Code for Video Seeking balance between development and survival, one retreats to nature after going through all the hustle and bustle and sees a fairyland in the clear lake. We issued the world's first biodiversity bond to repair, build and balance the ecology. Finance is like fresh water to deliver benefit for all and here I see your presence. From Li Shanshan, an employee of BOC Macau Branch and Olympic gymnastics champion To Green Waters Scan QR Code for Video Everything grows in the field and where there is field there is food. Chinese people's attachment to the field is rooted history. Your efforts seem to be hardly noticed, but you have provided temporary habitat for birds and comfortable breeding places for creatures; and you bring bumper harvests and silently protect the biodiversity of nature. From Zhou Shuangjian, a trader of the BOC Global Markets Department and the first Mister World in China To Vast Land I remember that Saihanba used toa wasteland with little grass when I was a child. But today it has grown into avast grassland. Born in the grassland, I have been imperceptibly influenced by the ethos of Saihanba, and as an employee with BOC, I am convinced that finance not only promotes the transformation into green and lowcarbon production, but also contributes to the transformation toa green and lowcarbon life. From Li Xuezhong, an employee of BOC Hebei Branch Chengde Weichang Sub Branch To Grass Scan QR Code for Video Since 2009, the environment surrounding the Dianchi Lake has seen significant improvement. The ecosystem in the mountains and forests has taken a brand new look. With the help of finance, the national reserve forest spanning Southwest China has grown into an ecological barrier. Look forward toa new picture of green development painted by green finance. From Li Gang, a retiree of BOC Yunnan Branch, a member of the China Association for Photographers in the Financial Industry and Vice Chair of the Yunnan Association for Photographers in the Financial Industry To Mountains The sound judgment that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets prompts and guides transformation of the resources. We are committed to providing allround green financial services and helping to build a Huzhou model of green development. To keep the lush mountains and lucid waters as they are is our commitment to you and to the earth. From Lei Xiao, an employee of BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Anji Sub Branch To Lakes Let mountain breeze blow afar along the broad highway and let the streams flow through clear courses into rivers to enable more people tobe familiar with the breath of nature and make green become the main color of life. I believe that nature is our common home and we are bound to rely on and reward each other. From Tang Shi, an employee of BOC Credit Management Department To Forest 72 73 It is a dialogue with nature, concerning not only the mountains and rivers, forests, fields, lakes and grass, but more importantly the community of common destiny for all human beings. A Letter to Nature Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video
74 75 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 74 75 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities In the new development stage, we have brought into play our unique advantages, and actively taken on the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good. Adhering to the leading role of technology and innovation, we have made allout efforts to promote the building of enterpriselevel architecture and conducted comprehensive digital transformation to provide customers with more considerate, more intelligent and more inclusive financial services. Taking a customercentric approach, we worked to improve the quality of our financial services and customer experience and effectively protect all rights and interests of customers while meeting all their needs. Persisting in talent reform, we never ceased to build a professional team of financial talents and improved the career development platform for employees, with an aim to stimulate the innovative vitality of the whole bank. Sticking to the commitment to public charity, we gave play to the role of BOC Charity Foundation and created a longeffect mechanism to serve the public welfare undertaking, producing greater value for society. Leading Digital Transformation with Technology Taking a technologybased and innovationdriven approach, we built a NeoBOC through digital transformation, as part of our efforts to build China into a digital power. In 2021, we made great efforts to promote IT reform, accelerated digital reconstruction in terms of thinking mode, business philosophy, customer service, product innovation and risk control, and comprehensively enhanced the Group's technological capability to support the businesses digitalisation and pursue the continuous technological innovation, so as to create anew pattern of financial technology services. The Group's 14 th Five Year Plan for Fin Tech was formulated and put into practice. We deepened the reform of our technological systems and mechanisms, streamlined the operation management mechanism and procedures, and improved the synergistic efficiency of lines. The digital capacity of the technological teams was strengthened with the improvement of capability to promote digitalisation. We moved faster in the OASIS project with the enterpriselevel technology platform successfully launched. We gave support to the strategic projects of scenario building, data governance, smart operation and outlet transformation, boosting the establishment of a digital finance ecosystem. Globalisation According to the One Bank, One Policy strategy, we optimised the allocation of resources and accelerated the overseas promotion of outstanding products and achievements, such as overseas corporate online banking, mobile banking functions and user experience, etc. We established abasic service platform for data submission to overseas regulators and an overseas comprehensive management platform to continuously empower the development of overseas business. Integration Taking the technological systems of the Group as a whole, we reinforced toplevel design, established and improved IT coordination mechanism for comprehensive operation companies, and actively promoted the cloud migration of the infrastructure of comprehensive operation companies. We also consolidated the IT policy compliance and network security development of the comprehensive operation companies and continuously improved the integrated IT coordination and management performance of the Group. Promoting IT reform Supporting the implementation of major strategic projects Serving the coordinated development of globalisation and integration
76 77 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 76 The technology innovation management structure and working mechanism were established to improve the performance of largescale and standardised application. The product innovation management system was developed and the lifecycle management system involving the demand, incubation, pilot, promotion and postassessment of innovation was further improved. Substantial progress was made in the construction of the innovation research base, and the differentiated authorisation mechanism for innovative research and the open competition mechanism to select the best candidate to lead innovation were also established. The pilot mechanism with moderate tolerance for mistakes was carried out, giving play to the role of the base to stimulate innovative research and transformation of achievements. We moved faster in the futureoriented infrastructure construction of the Group to consolidate the foundation for the safe and smooth operation of information systems. The computer rooms at all regions and cloud environments of various kinds were established and delivered to serve the Head Office and comprehensive operation companies. Greater efforts were made to promote the public cloud platform leasing services, so as to meet the demand for external nonfinancial support services of strategic scenarios. The achievements of special governance on production safety were further consolidated and the longeffect mechanism of production safety governance was put into practice. By improving the monitoring system, we promoted the transformation and upgrade from traditional operation and maintenance to agile operation, and optimised the management mechanism of business peaks, so as to ensure the safe and stable operation of the system during key and special hours. The network security prevention and control system and the relevant prevention and control capability were enhanced. The access to and daily management of APPs across the Group were also further standardised. Fostering an ecosystem of technology and product innovation Strengthening new Fin Tech infrastructure Improving risk control and safe operation capabilities We took the development of an enterpriselevel architecture as the No. 1 project of the whole bank and promoted the transformation and reconstruction of business structure and technical architectures to enterpriselevel from the perspective of overall coordination and integrated planning. Enterprise Level Architecture Development Steady progress in toplevel design Key breakthroughs in pilot areas Based on the 14 th Five Year Plan of the Bank, we completed the analysis and refinement of our strategic objectives and initiatives in major business lines, identified the hot spots and pain points of strategic core competitiveness, and mapped out a preliminary panorama of the Group's strategic capabilities; We finalised the planning and design of the enterpriselevel business architecture by horizontally sorting and clustering the businesses of the whole bank from the perspectives of internal and external services and professional capabilities; We completed the planning of enterpriselevel IT architecture in a platformoriented, modular and servicebased manner, clarified the fivelayer IT construction framework, and released the Group's technical standard specification in batches. We selected several pilot business areas, completed the work on relevant capability solutions, business modeling and development and testing inaccordance with the design methodology of enterpriselevel architecture, and launched the largescale distributive technology platforms at the enterprise level, further consolidating the foundation of nextgeneration core technology to undertake new business architecture. Relevant preparation work for the launch was in full swing.
78 79 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 79 78 Focusing on the needs and experience of customers, we adhered toa threepronged approach to advance the planning and establishment of the front, middle and back offices of personal banking, so as to improve customer service and product experience. Digital Transformation of Business Processes We improved the Fin Tech innovation mechanism and strengthened the efficient cycle from idea collection, prototype incubation, research and pilot, to achievement promotion, with the overall innovation capability greatly enhanced. We also carried out research on new technologies and tackled key technological problems in areas such as blockchain, artificial intelligence, and Internet of Things to strengthen innovative research and transformation of achievements. Fintech Innovation and Application The five functions of machine learning, biometrics, voice recognition, robotics and knowledge base were integrated into one to build a standardised service platform, mainly applied to intelligent business areas such as intelligent investment, operation, marketing, customer service and risk control. Anew data governance framework was basically established to continuously accumulate stock data assets and provide support for business applications based on big data. The BOC blockchain technology platform was continuously upgraded, with 12 business applications created and 15 authorised patents for blockchain technologies approved. The business physical management platform was launched and a wholeprocess management system of physical objects including cash was established, realising the automated and intelligent operation of the storage and delivery of physical objects. AI Big data Blockchain IoTSome innovative technological achievements Improving the open service system with a customercentric approach; Promoting the ageappropriate and barrierfree transformation of mobile banking to provide convenience for customers with special needs. Establishing a digital marketing middle office featuring high intensity, strong sharing and stringent closed loop by continuously improving marketing forms, reaching manners and other system capacities for all segments of personal customers, making every effort to improve customer experience while safeguarding customer information, and facilitating more marketing activities for the convenience and benefit of the people. Developing a Smart Reach intelligent marketing reach system, accurately matching marketing strategies and targeted customer segments through data analysis, realising customers reach through SMS, microbanking, mobile banking and wealth manager platforms, and improving the effectiveness of customer service and product recommendations. Promoting the middle office building for investment products and piloting the lifecycle management function of some fund management products. Upgrading the working mechanism of data analysis to meet analysis requirements in key business areas such as mobile banking and wealth finance. Building a points evaluation system for data analysts to continuously stimulate the vitality of the data analyst team in combination with measures including targeted guidance, training by doing, skill training and professional sequence certification. Launching Personal Business Billboard on the internal mobile office platform to provide the management at all levels with digital management tools covering key business indicators such as the realtime flow of funds and all types of financial assets. Upgrading the operating and maintenance system of ebanking and improving the efficiency of maintenance, so as to realise flexible maintenance of announcements and interface of domestic and overseas ebanking. Strengthening the building of inevent risk control system and expanding the application of inevent risk control antifraud machine learning models. We worked to create an efficient back office to form an efficient intelligent operating capability and smart risk internal control and management capability. We worked to create a smart middle office with precise customer identification, wholeprocess digital marketing, specialised products and services, and indepth data asset exploration and application capabilities. We worked to create an agile front office by fostering integrated and collaborative channel management capability and establishing an open and shared scenario ecosystem. Agile front office Smart middle office Efficient back office
80 81 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 80 81 Providing High Quality Customer Services Upholding the customercentric service concept, BOC strove to establish a business ecosystem featuring online and offline integration and the seamless linkage between financial and nonfinancial businesses, with an aim to continuously improve the quality and efficiency of financial services and provide customers with borderless, warm, intelligent and diversified services. We continued to explore the application of digital technology and expand our service coverage to improve the financial service experience of both personal and corporate customers. Facilitating the People and Enterprises with Digital Services Personal banking Online service channels Diversified channels were launched, including the new version of corporate online banking, corporate mobile banking, corporate microbanking etc. Online payment experience Various corporate payment products such as B 2 B direct payment, certified payment, agreement payment and preauthorised payment were launched to support the epayment needs of different scenarios such as trade and commerce, logistics, aviation and travel, social security funds, etc. Corporate banking Boosting eCNY development to meet diversified payment needs We played an active role in pushing forward the pilot and promotion of eCNY to meet the public's demand for the convenience, security, inclusiveness and privacy of retail payment. As at the end of 2021, about 171 new product functions were launched and the number of pilot scenarios amounted to 2. 76 million, covering such fields as living payment, catering service, transportation, shopping and government services, with exponential growth in the number of eCNY wallets opened. Deepening intelligent service ecosystem Meeting the special needs of customer segments Improving outlets service standard Mobile smart counters were popularised at all regions, realising the full coverage of smart counters at 36 tier 1 branches and the expansion of outlet business coverage. The intelligent service ecosystem of outlets was further diversified to support 296 subcategories of service scenarios under 57 categories, including digital debit cards, social security cards and digital wallets, deepening online and offline integration. Focusing on the establishment of elderly care service demonstration sites, the Bank launched the elderly version smart counters to provide convenient and exclusive services for the elderly customers. Relying on the mobile account opening service for corporate customers, the Bank supported outlets to provide doortodoor account opening services for micro and small enterprises at favourable prices. Smart screens were launched in outlets to realise the unified management and electronification of various types of promotional information. We developed a staff channel and a digital outlet management platform to promote the building of the professional sequence of outlet teams and to enhance the service capability of outlet personnel. BOC eCNY programs such as vending machine, coffee machine, gashapon machine and foreign currency exchange machine debut at Western China International Fair We continued to strengthen technology empowerment, deepened the digital transformation of outlets, and promoted intelligent services, digital management and differentiated operation of outlets, in a way to improve the quality of outlet services. Expanding Service Coverage of Outlets million As at the end of 2021, the number of mobile banking customers of the Bank reached 235. 18 Comprehensive service platform We launched version 7. 0 mobile banking, strengthened the establishment of key zones, and carried out ageappropriate and barrierfree reform with the launch of an Elderly Version for our mobile banking. Open and winwin ecosystem By cooperating with highquality merchants, we were able to include payment services in fields of education, medical and people's livelihood, aswell as payment scenarios including shopping, tourism, home consumption and charitable donations, which are closely related to people's lives, to the mobile banking client.
82 83 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We made continuous efforts to improve our elderlyfriendly services at all outlets and took hardware facilities, process optimisation, service experience and humanistic care as the starting points to help the elderly overcome the digital divide. As at the end of 2021, a total of 332 elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwide. Based on the living needs of the elderly in medical care, food, housing, transportation, entertainment, sentiment and learning, Hongdong Subbranch of BOC Shanxi Branch not only provided a tea table and tea sets, blood glucose and blood pressure meters, and old films screening equipment in the outlet hall, but also organised a volunteer team to serve the elderly customers. More than 40 activities on the theme of community, medical care, learning and sojourn were held on holidays to make the elderly feel at home. Relying on 5 G technology, Sanya Yabei Subbranch of BOC Hainan Branch launched a smart elderly care platform and three scenariobased functions of university lessons for the elderly, cloud advisor and product demonstration. The elderly could have access to health lectures, remote interrogation and comprehensive information on elderly care products, pension policies and provincial tourism resources at the outlets, enjoying smart elderly care services. Establishing demonstrative outlets of pension services Elderly Fashion Show activity at Hongdong Subbranch of BOC Shanxi Branch Smart screen at the hall of Sanya Yabei Subbranch of BOC Hainan Branch Drawing on the power of Fin Tech, we worked persistently to provide more convenient services, integrated customer service awareness into every aspect of our daily work, and delivered professional services and sincere communication to every customer in a heartfelt manner. Improving Customer Experience by Heart Improving intelligent customer service Optimising intelligent robots Cultivating customer experience division Promoting feedback and improvement mechanism New robotic business scenarios and corpus were introduced, and the question recognition rate of robots was increased to 94. 59 to better meet customers needs for personalised and customised services. The online intelligent customer service system was upgraded to cover various online service channels such as mobile banking, microbanking and the new version of online transaction banking and web portals, with the percentage of intelligent customer service reaching 85. 77. The customer service entrance and interaction logic of the My Customer Service zone in mobile banking was also optimised to provide services anytime and anywhere. A professional customer experience division team was set up and continuously improved by introducing an admission and exit mechanism, certification, performance appraisal, and training and exchange. Customer experience feedback of branches was collected on a quarterly basis to produce a Special Issue on Offline Customer Experience Management Exchange for bankwide sharing. Questions and improvement suggestions were also collected through the SOPS platform to help continuously improve the customer experience mechanism. elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwide As at the end of 2021 a total of 332
84 85 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 84 85 Promoting Customer Protection Comprehensively Putting customers rights and interests highest on the agenda, we established a Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee under the Board of Directors, which is responsible for reviewing the Bank's consumer protection strategies, policies, objectives, etc., making suggestions to the Board of Directors, and supervising and evaluating the Bank's consumer protection efforts. In 2021, we formulated the Policy of Bank of China Limited on Consumer Protection (Version 2021) to continuously improve the strategic goals, governance structure, system and mechanism, and policy foundation of consumer protection. In addition, we made extensive publicity and education efforts to equip consumers with risk prevention awareness. Our consumer protection training class had more than 60, 000 employees trained throughout the year. With an emphasis on the voice of customers, we took customer feedback as the guide to constantly enhance our products and customer service experience and developed a closedloop workflow featuring collection - analysis - assessment - improvement. In 2021, by conducting analysis on customer incalls, we collected a total of 634 pieces of customer feedback and produced 51 analysis reports. Meanwhile, we also took the initiative to learn about the brand recognition and customer satisfaction of the Bank by regularly inviting thirdparty specialised organisations to conduct customer satisfaction surveys every year. The 2021 survey results showed that external customer satisfaction stood at 93, basically unchanged from the previous year. Identifying Customer Needs In 2021, we revised the Management Measure of Bank of China Limited for Customer Complaints and clearly stated the definition, handling and verification of complaints. We also clarified the management system, working mechanism and operating rules of complaints, and strengthened the traceability and rectification, assessment and accountability, and dispute resolution of customer complaints to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. A total of 148, 000 customer complaints were accepted throughout the year, and the completion rate of complaint handling reached 100. Inaccordance with the principle of financial appropriateness and the regulatory requirements, we formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China limited on Marketing and Publicity Management of Consumer Finance in 2021 to clarify the management framework and code of conduct for marketing and publicity as well as the management responsibilities of business lines and departments, putting in place cleardefined rules and accountability. We refined and clarified requirements of prudential control and implemented the wholeprocess control mechanism of premarketing review, whilemarketing approval and postmarketing monitoring. We also further perfected the risk warnings before, during and after the sales of products to ensure that the Bank's marketing and publicity efforts are strictly in compliance with the law. Handling Customer Complaints Standardising Marketing and Publicity 50. 3 of the complaints were about credit cards, 18. 1 about debit cards, and 8. 1 about loans. The above three types of complaints accounted for 76. 5 of the total. The top five regions in terms of the number of complaints were Guangdong (10. 4 ), Jiangsu (5. 7 ), Beijing (4. 0 ), Shandong (3. 7 ) and Hebei (3. 5 ). Complaints in the above five regions accounted for 27. 2 of the total. Major complaint business category Regional distribution of major complaints
86 87 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We highly valued the protection of customers fund safety and considered it as our responsibility. We strengthened precautionary measures and scaled up our efforts in launching education, publicity and warnings activities on antifraud and anticounterfeit currency, in a way to raise consumers awareness of risk prevention. At the same time, we continued to improve the inevent control, upgrade the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system, so as to effectively identify and respond to fraud risk events through the comprehensive application of big data, cloud computing, AI and other financial technologies. In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB 15. 070 billion. Preventing Fraud Risk Making every effort to setup a financial security network Vigorously Protecting Information Security Improving management mechanisms and protecting customer privacy Applying information technology and strengthening system security Establishment of regulations and policies We formulated the Management Policy of Bank of China Limited on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China Limited for Protection of Financial Information of Consumers, setup bankwide framework strategies for customer information protection and management, and clearly defined the division of responsibilities among departments. We proposed the management requirements in the collection, storage, use, transmission, sharing, deletion and destruction of information, and internalised and solidified the relevant requirements of regulations and supervision in the process of system building and business operation. Selfinspection and rectification We conducted selfinspection and rectification of the information protection of personal customers, corporate customers and financial institutions, and pushed forward the risk screening of information security of consumer finance, so as to produce selfinspection reports and establish problem rectification accounts in time. System security assurance We carried out security control over the lifecycle of information systems, including system requirements, design, coding, testing, operation and maintenance, and were able to discover and rectify information system security loopholes in a timely manner through an active risk identification mechanism. Network security defence By deploying defence systems and instruments, improving the system building of data leakage prevention, and establishing business data masking mechanisms, we were able to establish an active and extensive network security defence system. Security team building We setup a network security team and constantly improved the professional capabilities of the team members through skill training and practical exercises. System security test We carried out penetration tests ona regular basis and security tests of online application systems across the entire network environment on an annual basis for loophole scanning. We also cooperated with specialised institutions engaged in network security for security loophole assessment and emergency response. In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB 15. 070 billion With a keen awareness of risk, staff members of BOC Shenzhen Branch were able to identify fraud risk in time, helping an elderly customer to avoid losses of RMB 10 million Based on the limit control mechanism of corporate online banking and the rapid response of account handling, Binzhou Bincheng Subbranch of BOC Shandong Branch helped a corporate customer successfully intercept a fraudulent fund of RMB 4, 686, 200 BOC Hebei Branch successfully helped an enterprise in Cangzhou recover EUR 440, 000 equivalent to more than RMB 3. 4 million, of a crossborder online telecommunications fraud, retrieving a huge loss of the customer.
88 89 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities Group photo of employees of BOC New Zealand 89 88 Stimulating the Creativity of Talents Upholding a peopleoriented philosophy, we kept a close eye on the living and growth needs of employees, providing them with a sophisticated training system and favourable remuneration and benefits. We actively listened to the voices of young employees and constantly cultivated and explored outstanding talents, with the aim to workhand in hand with employees to create a better future. Integrating and tapping training resources Faculty building We launched the Management Measures of Bank of China Limited for Internal Parttime Teachers, and held a training course for trainer certification on outlet management in the form of panoramic classes, completing the certification and recruitment of 1, 691 internal trainers at the Head Office level. Course and microcourse establishment By holding seminars on highquality courses development, we developed 82 highquality courses in a centralised and independent manner and completed the standardisation of the teacher manual, trainee manual and teaching casebook. We organised exhibition activities for excellent original courses, with 65 highquality courses recorded and exhibited. We also established a microcourse library and relevant study zone on the cloud platform of BOC Academy. Case building We developed a series of cases with Yangtze River Delta characteristics, and organised case and course infrastructure workshops and case development and teaching We formulated an annual talent cultivation plan across the Bank, optimised the BOC training system and mechanism, and expanded and improved the training programme system that empowers the Group, employees, society and customers. We also worked to expand our expertise and resource investment in training, so as to provide intellectual and talent support for the Bank's strategic development. Talent Cultivation On the basis of the scientific planning of human resources demand across the Bank, we continued to expand the recruitment scale of college graduates, extensively carried out various forms of campus promotion activities, and improved the campus recruitment Talent Introduction 88 Improving training mechanism integration seminars. As a result, a total of 48 teaching cases were developed and put online. Textbook production We completed 23 textbooks, including Green Bond Knowledge Reader, Financial Market Product Manual, Financial English, and Corporate Culture Brochure. Expanding employee learning platform As at the end of 2021, the registered users of the BOC training cloud platform reached 315, 000, with 230, 000 monthly active users recorded and 25, 000 online courses launched. The average learning hours of the Bank's employees were 43. 5 hours. The BOC Training Centre cloud platform was created, bringing a new space for digital and intelligent learning, with the total number of visits exceeding 250 million. The Online Book Purchasing Platform for Sparetime Learning of Employees at the Head Office went online, which was designed to allocate the book purchasing quota of employees and support employees to purchase books independently. employees were hired by our domestic institutions More than 9, 600 process to provide humanised recruitment services. In 2021, more than 9, 600 employees were hired by our domestic institutions, and the global campus recruitment for 2022 was launched, offering 11, 000 job opportunities. Expert lectures We gave play to the role of the external think tank as a strategic advisor to the business development of the Bank, in a way to help managers and employees at all levels to expand their horizons and refresh their mindset and shape a corporate culture encouraging allstaff learning. In 2021, we held six sessions of BOC Grand Lecture, with 36, 000 employees watching the live broadcast online and nearly 42, 000 people participated. Staff learning day The second session of staff learning day themed with Learning for Excellence was held, with Chairman Liu Liange personally giving the first lesson. A total of 149 branches participated, with an average daily visit of 46, 000 people and a total of 4. 24 million clicks on the course. We continuously strengthened the management of professional qualifications with the improvement of professional development pathways. We also simplified the promotion channel of professional personnel and clarified the appointment and job transfer requirements for professional and technical positions, as part of our sustained efforts to advance the building of professional development pathways. As at the end of 2020, implementation rules (plans) for the management of professional qualifications were issued for 21 professional sectors. More than 6, 200 employees obtained senior professional qualifications, and about 190, 000 employees received middle and junior professional qualifications. New employee development community Facing all employees of the Bank, we implemented an online learning programme of New Employee Development Community and invited the senior management of the Bank to give lectures to new employees. The programme covered 41 domestic institutions with 7, 899 new employees participating in the programme. Key training programmes Career promotion channel people participated BOC Grand Lecture Nearly new employees participating in the programme 42, 000 7, 899
90 91 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 90 91 Employee Care BOC New Zealand regularly organised afternoon tea parties and birthday parties for its employees, held distinctive celebrations during traditional Chinese festivals such as the Spring Festival, Lantern Festival, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid Autumn Festival, and actively implemented flexible working hours and promoted employee volunteer holidays. BOC Hebei Branch established a loving care station for employees children during the summer vacation and organised children of its employees to visit the workplaces and exhibition halls of their parents. BOC Shanxi Branch held a Chinese traditional ricepudding (Zongzi) wrapping activity during the Dragon Boat Festival to share the happiness of the festival with employees. BOC New ZealandBOC Hebei Branch BOC Shanxi Branch We actively implemented the requirements of aligning efforts to consolidate and expand the achievements in poverty alleviation with efforts to promote rural revitalisation, and promoted the revitalisation of targeted assistance areas with financial strength. As the assistance pair for the four counties, namely Yongshou, Xunyi, Chunhua and Changwu in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province ( four counties in Xianyang ), we earnestly implement the requirement of giving a grace period to previously impoverished population, villages and counties, during which poverty alleviation policies and government supervision are continued until their status is secure, and coordinated resources at home and abroad to facilitate the revitalisation of those counties in light of the local actual needs. Continuing to Deepen Fixed Point Poverty Alleviation Being Devoted to the Public Welfare Undertaking We have long adhered to the philosophy of serving, contributing to and giving back to society and endeavoured to empower the development of charity and public welfare with our advantages of diversified financial services. Using BOC Charity Foundation as the carrier to fulfill public welfare responsibilities, we played an active role in developing the finance philanthropy model, gave full play to the role of the BOC Charity platform, and continuously pushed forward the innovation of the public welfare projects model, with the aim to expand the impact and benefits of public welfare practices and promote the realisation of common prosperity. At the 4 th China International Import Expo (CIIE), we set up a special zone for Xianyang agricultural products and placed these special agricultural products including Xianyang Malan Red apples and Yongshou pagoda flower honey at the BOC eCNY activity sites and the exhibition halls of BOC branches. We also presented agricultural and sideline products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties in posters and videos. Two members from the poverty alleviation team of BOC in Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, also made a special trip to the venue and popularised the characteristic agricultural products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties on the online platform, aiming to help the local who have been lifted out of poverty achieve stable and sustainable income. In the main hall of the CIIE, a special investment business meeting for Xianyang was held in the BOC exhibition hall, creating more opportunities for customers and exhibitors of the CIIE to have an indepth understanding of the investment policies, business environment, and local features of Xianyang and the four counties in Xianyang. Introducing Xianyang agricultural products into the CIIE We prioritised the regional industry development and brand building in the fruit industry and animal husbandry, focused on improving water supply capability, disaster relief, and pandemic containment to consolidate the achievements in poverty alleviation, paid attention to sewage treatment, garbage disposal, and other actions to improve the rural environment, and attached importance to developing education, health care, and other public services in rural areas to promote balanced development between urban and rural areas. In the year, we invested and channeled a total of RMB 107 million funds in those four counties in Xianyang, and carried out almost 100 projects concerning people's livelihood and industrial assistance, directly benefiting more than 30, 000 people. Through those efforts, we contributed to the construction of beautiful villages. Focusing on the implementation of projects in key areas Improving the effectiveness of financial services We developed 12 online courses for the rural revitalisation, covering the interpretation of the relevant policies, fostering of characteristic farming industries, and Internet Plus marketing of agricultural products, and mobilised primarylevel cadres, foregoers of the rural revitalisation, technicians in the four counties to take these courses. We also provided 28, 900 people with offline training to enhance their capability for rural revitalisation and promote financial literacy. The training offered access to advance ideas to local cadres and people and equipped them with the ability to propel economic development with financial tools. Further promoting consumptionbased poverty alleviation We promulgated the Notice on Further Stepping up Efforts in Consumptionbased Poverty Alleviation and the Work Programme of Bank of China Limited to Help Sell Agricultural Products of Xianyang Malan Red Apple, to fully and practically conduct consumptionbased poverty alleviation. In the year, we purchased and sold RMB 177 million agricultural products of regions getting rid of poverty. We initiated the campaign of adopting an apple tree. A total of 8, 000 apple trees were adopted in the year. We continued to purchase agricultural products from the targeted poverty alleviation areas. In the year, our institutions and employees bought more than 0. 9 million kilograms Xianyang Malan Red Apple that were worth RMB 13 million.
92 93 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We actively pursued the integrated development of internet public welfare and banking finance based on the concept of finance public welfare internet. In 2021, we supported 188 charity donations initiated by 73 organisations through the Bank of China Philanthropy platform, raising a total of RMB 17. 3631 million (including the Bank's matching funds) with 160, 000 donations. 1 Bank of China Philanthrophy platform was initiated and established by BOC, and is the online public donationraising information platform for charitable organisations designated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC. Launched in June 2018, the platform is dedicated to empowering the development of social organisations and creating a good public welfare ecosystem. Relying on the online and offline resources of BOC, the platform built an O 2 O charity donationraising model, bringing users anew experience of convenient participation in public welfare. Building an Open and Shared Public Welfare Platform The BOC Double Love public welfare activity was launched to gather social forces in public welfare undertaking through one donation from a caring person and one equal donation from BOC Charity Foundation, in a bid to achieve the convergence effect of one plus one. A total of RMB 6. 4 million was raised for the 10 branded charity projects of six charitable organisations through the activity, attracting 66, 000 people to participate in the donation. Converging the strength of social care We created an innovative elderly care service, launched the philanthropy mutual assistant for elderly care platform, and encouraged volunteers to save time of assisting the elderly when they are young to exchange for pension services at an advanced age, forming a virtuous cycle. In 2021, we promoted the ageappropriate transformation of the platform, with the aim to create a user experience of large fonts, concise content and simplified operation for elderly customers. We added the offer service and online training and learning functions on the volunteer side to increase the flexibility of volunteer services. We also invited caring merchants and enterprises around the community to settle in the platform to provide living facilitation for volunteers. BOC Campus Charity is an online donationraising platform created by Zhongyi Shanyuan for universities to contact alumni, contribute to campuses, and serve society, and provides a package of online and offline services, such as donationraising consultation, activity planning, project launch, and system operation. The platform practically improved the public image of universities, helped them attain alumni economy and the opportunity of the third distribution, and provided anew path and anew platform for the building of universities and the growth of teachers and students. In 2021, foundations of dozens of universities, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China, and Hunan University, joined the platform. Deepening the scenariobased charitable platform Empowering the development of social organisations In June 2021, BOC Charity Foundation, together with BOCIM and China Charity Federation, held the First Training Course on Preservation and Appreciation of Charitable Assets to support charitable organisations to improve their donation management capability, covering laws and regulations related to investment of charitable assets and asset management of charitable organisations. Many leaders or financial staff from more than 50 national charitable organisations participated in the training. Relying on its strengths in Fin Tech and experience in establishing online public welfare platforms, BOC Financial Technology worked with Yunnan Branch to develop a donation management integrated platform for local red cross society, which integrated online and offline organisational management and money and material donation management. The platform ensured timely and transparent information disclosure while improving the efficiency of internal management, contributing to the development of public welfare undertaking. was raised for the 10 branded charity projects of six charitable organisations through the activityA total of RMB 6. 4 million people to participate in the donation Attracting 66, 000
94 95 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities BOC Macau Volunteer Association participated in the 2021 Macau Caritas Charity Run and won the Most Popular Team Award 1 2 3 4 Actively responding to the needs of social development, we pursued innovation and continuously carried out public welfare activities in various fields such as poverty relief, education aid, cultural heritage, volunteer service and disaster prevention and relief, aiming to help the general public to advance towards a better life. Taking Concrete Actions to Build a Better Life Education aid Combining the attraction of capital and talents, we looked to improve the teaching environment and quality in povertystricken areas. By enhancing weak links, strengthening faculty building, and fostering characteristics, we were able to pool highquality educational resources and promote education equality. In collaboration with the China National Centre for Student Assistance Administration of the Ministry of Education, we carried out the Aid Students series of activities for the tenth consecutive year. In 2021, we launched the Rainbow Bridge Red Tour, BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects and BOC Workstudy Programme to help young students with their studying, employment and business startups. For the eighth consecutive year, we organised customers and employees to subsidise highschool girls in Shaanxi and Yunnan Province through the BOC Private Enjoyment Love - Spring Bud Project, with RMB 1. 26 million donations collected to help 315 povertystricken students in 2021. Cultural heritage For the 10 th consecutive year, BOC London Branch supported the Chinese Bridge Chinese Proficiency Competition for AllUK Region to popularise Chinese culture and facilitate cultural and peopletopeople exchanges between China and the UK. BOCHK sponsored the Rites to the World cultural heritage programme of the Hong Kong Institute for Promotion of Chinese Culture to polularise Chinese traditional culture in kindergartens, primary and secondary schools in Hong Kong. Volunteer service We improved the volunteer service mechanism to provide employees with diversified volunteer activities, and encouraged them to carry forward the volunteer spirit and contribute a good atmosphere of actively serving the people. In 2021, the league organisations at all levels carried out more than 520 voluntary service activities of Learning from Lei Feng, with a total of more than 19, 800 youths participants serving more than 100, 000 people and the accumulated service hours exceeding 19, 000 hours. These activities were designed to provide service to teachers and students, community residents, enterprise employees, skilled farmers, elderly people living alone, leftover children, etc. We also played an active role in organising youth volunteers to serve in events such as CIIE, ChinaASEAN Expo, CIFTIS, Biodiversity Conference and National Games. Disaster prevention and relief Faced with the resurgence of COVID 19 pandemic and natural disasters of heavy rainfall, we took the initiative to carry out material donation and spontaneously organised volunteer teams to participate in the relief and reconstruction work based on our efforts to provide support to the fight against disaster and ensure the guarantee of financial service. We established a green credit and financing channel for all kinds of enterprises devoted to flood prevention, disaster relief and livelihood protection. We also provided business convenience for affected micro and small enterprises to ensure the smooth payment of donations for flood control and contribute to the fight against the disaster through timely and efficient financial services. All outlets of the Bank made advance preparation for flood and disaster prevention, provided facilitation to the information sharing channels among outlets, and worked to secure the provision of fundamental financial services, with the aim to prevent the rights and interests of customers from infringement. We created Public Welfare of China, a consumptionbased poverty alleviation platform, to continuously power rural revitalisation, made an attempt on the innovative path of Joint Development with Party Building Consumptionbased Poverty Alleviation, and relied on the platform of Public Welfare of China to carry out the activity of Party Building Apple Tree Adoption, calling on Party members, officials and employees of the Bank to voluntarily adopt apple trees in the four northern targeted poverty alleviation counties of Shaanxi Province. By accompanying the whole growth process of the apple tree from budding blossoms into plump fruits, all participants were able tobe involved in consumptionbased poverty alleviation personally and jointly promote the BOC Joint Development with Party Building for Forest Revitalisation. Meanwhile, BOC branches in Shenzhen, Ningbo, Guangdong, Suzhou, Shanghai and Tianjin also called on their employees and customers to join in the adoption activity. As at the end of 2021, a total of 6, 562 apple trees in the four counties in Xianyang were adopted, amounting to RMB 1, 065, 840, and 9, 382 boxes of apples were distributed by stages, converging efforts of all to push forward the development of the rural industry. Adopting a tree to help a povertystricken farmer household The BOC Adoption Board on the apple tree from the four counties in Xianyang Since the establishment of the BOCHK Charitable Foundation in 1994, BOCHK has actively donated to and participated in charitable activities, with a total donation of over HKD 1. 4 billion (approximately equivalent to RMB 1. 14 billion). In 2021, the Foundation continued to promote more than 70 philanthropic projects in various fields such as povertystricken and vulnerable groups assistance, youth development, environmental protection and carbon emission reduction, and culture, sports and arts, making a contribution to the harmonious development of local communities. Caring for society and serving the community 1 2 The Food Recovery and Assistance Programme for Food Wise and Allocation was launched to provide free meals to people in remote areas. In the year, BOCHK assisted the recovery of 1, 426 tons of food, benefiting 2. 16 million people. BOCHK supported Towards Carbon Neutrality youth training scheme to help students develop the concept of a lowcarbon lifestyle and deepen their understanding of the national goal of carbon neutrality and action plan. Their environmental protectionthemed paintings were presented at the 15 th session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity. Financial support was provided to the Protecting Wildlife - Sustaining the Planet's Future Programme of Ocean Park Conservation Foundation Hong Kong by funding 13 conservation projects in Hong Kong and Asia, with a total of 19, 000 HK people attracted to participate in the publicity campaign of Ocean Park Conservation Day. In cooperation with 16 social organisations, BOC Hong Kong Volunteer Day was designed to carry out 25 volunteer activities, with the participation of about 4, 000 staff volunteers and over 8, 000 hours of service. 3 4 Total donation of over HKD 1. 4 billion
96 97 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We actively assumed the responsibility of financial knowledge publicity and education and taken into account the specific needs of different groups such as the elderly people, community public, students and rural people to carry out differentiated publicity and education activities, with an aim to provide accurate and direct access to financial knowledge and enhance the public's financial literacy and ability to protect their own rights and interests. Popularising Financial Knowledge to The Public We published various short videos on the publicity of illegal financial activities prompts, typical cases and antifraud via our official website, We Chat public account and We Chat video channel, carried out regular live broadcasts in the silver economy zone of mobile banking to interact with the elderly online, and encouraged outlets to conduct onsite publicity to the elderly from surrounding communities and elderly care institutions. Multiple measures were taken to guide the elderly to raise their prevention awareness to avoid financial fraud. We went deep into society to carry out onsite publicity. We worked to popularise financial knowledge to community residents by distributing publicity materials, launching financial classes and establishing financial knowledge publicity We Chat groups. Domestic branches at all levels continued to carry out education activities on the theme of bringing financial knowledge into campus, with a focus on the introduction of trick loans, campus loans and other illegal lending cases involving students, in a bid to help students develop a rational consumption concept and buildup an ideological line of defence against fraud and gambling. For the elderly For community For students BOC Guizhou Branch is explaining to the elderly how to prevent telecommunication frauds in a community BOC Guangdong Branch Foshan Sub Branch launches a publicity activity of bringing financial knowledge into campus BOC Ningbo Branch Xiangshan Shipu Sub Branch is publicising RMB knowledge in Yanchang Branch of Shipu Town Central Kindergarten We went into the countryside to carry out education activities by spreading financial knowledge such as prevention of online telecommunications fraud, prevention of illegal fundraising, anticounterfeit currency and RMB cash services with vivid and real cases and easytounderstand language. For countryside BOC Hebei Branch launches financial knowledge going into the countryside activity In 2021, we intensified efforts in financial knowledge publicity campaign Launching external education and publicity activities 59, 722 copies of education and publicity materials Distributing 98. 42 million financial consumers Reaching 560 million 97
98 99 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 99 98 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) The Bank takes excellent corporate governance as an important objective. It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party's leadership with improvement of corporate governance. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank's corporate governance capabilities. Improving Corporate Governance Comprehensively The Bank takes excellent corporate governance as an important objective. It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party's leadership with improvement of corporate governance. We made sustained efforts to improve the corporate governance capability by establishing and improving the corporate governance structure, strengthening the fulfillment of ESG responsibilities, and enhancing the Board diversity. Optimising Governance Structure BOC Corporate Governance Framework Shareholders Meeting Sticking to the strictest available standards, we kept track on and put into practice the regulatory requirements of the capital market and collated comprehensively and systematically the Articles of Association and rules of procedures of special committees. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank's corporate governance capabilities. Board of Directors Board of Supervisors Senior Management (Executive Committee) Board Secretariat Board of Supervisors Office Strategic Development Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Asset and Liability Management Committee Duty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Risk Management and Internal Control Committee Finance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Securities Investment and Management Committee Antimoney Laundering Committee Credit Risk Management and Decisionmaking Committee Asset Disposal Committee Innovation and Product Management Committee Integrated Operation Coordination Committee Asset Management Business Committee Domestic Branch Development and Coordination Committee Overseas Work Coordination Committee Financial Digitalisation Committee Consumer Protection Committee Green Finance Committee Audit Committee Audit Department Connected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management Committee Risk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee
100 101 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 20212021 55, 101 236, 863 46, 023 17, 400 Deepening ESG GovernanceESG performance of the Board of DirectorsESG performance of the Board of SupervisorsESG education and training In 2021, focusing on ESGrelated topics such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection and targeted poverty alleviation, the Board of Directors considered and adopted many proposals, which included the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, the Green Finance Plan of Bank of China Limited for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period, the Inclusive Finance Plan for the 14 th Five Year Plan Period, the Consumer Protection Policy, and the Application of Special Outbound Donations for Fixedpoint Poverty Alleviation. At the same time, it also heard such reports as the Report on the Implementation of the Threeyear Development Plan for Private Enterprises, the Report on the Development of Green Finance for 2020, and the Report on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection for 2020. The Board of Directors seta Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee, and its responsibilities include deliberating the Bank's ESGrelated development plans, policies and reports, making recommendations to the Board of Directors, identifying, evaluating and managing important ESGrelated affairs, establishing an appropriate and efficient ESG risk management and internal control system, and listening to ESG reports on a regular basis. In 2021, the Board of Supervisors formulated the Measures for Evaluating the Duty Performance of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the Senior Management and its Members of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), to improve the system building, enhance the governance capability, and intensify the daily and special supervision over and special research of duty performance, strategy, financial position, risk and internal control. The Board of Supervisors also assumed the supervision of the duty performance of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in ESGrelated affairs such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection and environmental and climate risk management and made relevant comments and suggestions. In the year, the Board of Supervisors considered and adopted a series of proposals, including 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Evaluation of Duty Performance of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and its Members in 2020, and Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection of the Bank. The Board of Supervisors oversaw the fulfillment of ESG obligations of the Bank. We attached great importance to the capability building of the Bank in pursuing sustainable development and regularly invited experts and scholars to conduct ESGrelated lectures and training to help the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and employees at all levels know more about the latest situation and market hotspots in the ESG field and improve their ESG duty performance and supervision capabilities. In 2021, we launched training courses on topics such as green finance, antimoney laundering policy and AI for the Board members, aswell as special training courses on Carbon Neutrality Risk Management for Financial Institutions and Opportunities and Challenges for the Globalisation of Commercial Banks for the members of the Board of Supervisors. Board Diversity We formulated the Diversity Policy of the Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited, setting out our stance on Board diversity and the policies tobe maintained in the process. We highly valued the Board diversity and appointed Board members based on the skills and experience required for the overall sound operation of the Board. We also took into full consideration of the objective and requirement of member diversity from various aspects, which were followed through the whole process of director selection and engagement, including but not limited to regulatory requirements and gender, age, cultural and educational background, region, professional experience, skills, knowledge and tenure of directors. In 2021, taking into account all factors of the directors, three candidates for independent director and one candidate for nonexecutive director were nominated as the supplement to the Board, in a way to further enhance the Board diversity. Employee participants of ESG training Employee participants of inclusive finance training Employee participants of information security and privacy protection training Employee participants of risk compliance and antimoney laundering training
102 103 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 102 Improving Risk Management System We adhered to the bottom line of risk, considered risk management as the lifeline for the sustainable development of commercial banks, and took stringent risk management and control as the driving force for the steady development of the Bank. In 2021, in the face of the complex internal and external situations, we earnestly implemented the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee, promoted development and security in parallel, deepened the development of a comprehensive risk management system, and accelerated the digital transformation of risk management. As a result, we ushered into a new stage of comprehensive risk management and achieved steady progress in the refinement and specialisation of risk management, providing a strong guarantee for the building of a firstclass global banking group. We interconnected the risk management elements of risk governance, strategy, appetites, limits, policies, procedures, systems, data, internal control and audit to create a risk management structure with effective check and balance and clear boundaries. We made continuous efforts to improve the longeffect mechanism of risk management and strove to consolidate the line of defence for financial security by enhancing risk prevention and early warning capabilities, strengthening the technological support for risk management, cultivating the risk management awareness of talents, aswell as promoting internal audits of risk prevention and control. From the horizontal perspective, we strengthened the comprehensive risk management at the Group's level, institutional level and product level. From the vertical perspective, we improved the building of three lines of defence for risk management, specifically by solidifying the primary responsibilities of risk management of the first line of defence, enhancing the independence, authority and professionalism of the second line of defence, and increasing the effectiveness of audit supervision and evaluation at the third line of defence. We worked continuously to push forward the Group's comprehensive risk management system, optimised the comprehensive risk management system, and reexamined and adjusted the Group's risk appetite in light of internal and external situations. Through indepth research and comprehensive demonstration, we developed the risk management subplans and strategies, and strengthened the subject consciousness of comprehensive risk management. Management structure Enhancing prevention capability of major risks Advancing the digitalisation of risk management Operation mechanism We deepened the application of AI, blockchain, intelligent contracts and other technologies, promoted the indepth integration of risk and business and technology, and increased the penetration of multidimensional and allaround risk management, in a bid to create an automatic and realtime comprehensive risk management system. We continued to strengthen the personnel management of key risk management positions, optimise the introduction and training mechanisms, and build a team of professionals who are proficient in risk, business and technology. Management technology Team building Laying A Solid Foundation for Risk Management Enhancing response awareness and speed by optimising policies, systems and operating procedures. Exploring the proactive application of management instruments such as stress testing to enhance the ability to deal with extreme scenarios. Persistently carrying out major risk screening, establishing an implementation and followup mechanism for risk screening, and increasing the operability of major risk screening. By leveraging big data and AI technology to conduct indepth mining and analysis of market price data, we achieved forwardlooking research and evaluation on listed companies and debtissuing enterprises. The model implemented early warning to 70 of defaulting enterprises in the market and provided warning 3 15 months in advance to those spoiler enterprises with high market impact. By efficiently acquiring, integrating and measuring alldimensional risk information of customers and affiliated enterprises, we enhanced the foresight and effectiveness of early warning. The model incorporated customers affiliated enterprises outside the banking sector into the monitoring scope, made use of intelligent algorithms to quantify the risk impact of risky events on the affiliated enterprises, and conducted indepth analysis on the transmission pathway of risks. We integrated various kinds of big data of risks inside and outside the Bank to form alist of highrisk enterprises, providing each business line and comprehensive management company with functions such as oneclick risk inquiry, batch scanning of customer risks and affiliates risk inquiry. Strengthening internal audit and supervision Improving the empowerment capability of risk management We focused the establishment of the third line of defence on the main responsibilities and main business of internal audit, highlighting the audit of the implementation of major national policies and regulatory requirements. At the same time, we strengthened the effectiveness of the first and second lines of defence in duty performance, enhanced the supervision on the rectification of problems identified in audits, and continuously pushed ahead the development of the audit line aswell as the digital transformation of audit. Solidifying the risk liability concept of the whole staff We integrated risk management into the corporate culture and the code of conduct of employees, with the aim to foster a risk liability concept of every employee should regard himself as the only line of defence, and every line of defence should serve as the last line of defence. We also made progress in implementing definite accountability and enhancing the risk compliance awareness of the whole staff. Strengthening the staff management of risk control positions We strengthened the performance appraisal of executive vice presidents of domestic and overseas tier 1 institutions in charge of risk management, the risk directors of the Head Office business departments, and the US chief risk officer. By organising regular debriefing and introducing various forms of training, we looked to improve the professionalism and duty performance of executive vice presidents responsible for risk management and their assisting personnel, and strengthen the management of employees in risk control positions. As at the end of 2021, the certificated risk management professionals of the Bank amounted to 11, 919. Establishing risk management culture We formulated the Work Plan for Enhancing Risk Awareness and Establishing a Sound Risk Culture, which was designed to steadily promote the establishment of risk culture in a layered manner through 20 measures in seven aspects, including risk publicity, wholestaff training, rectification and accountability, policy and system building, assessment and motivation, selection and appointment, and supervision and inspection, etc. In 2021, a total of 12 seminars on China's financial risk managers, 12 lectures on results exchange, and one advanced qualification training course were conducted. Comprehensive Risk Management System Based on the programmatic document of the Policy of Bank of China Limited for Comprehensive Risk Management, we further formulated the Optimisation Plan for the Comprehensive Risk Management System of the Group. Focusing on the general guideline of improving governance structure, clarifying responsibilities and functions, upgrading the management foundation and empowering business development, we endeavoured to build up the core competitiveness of risk management, put in place all improvement measures, and strengthen all kinds of risk management requirements covering all institutions, businesses and the whole process, with an aim to improve the risk management system in all aspects. We made it a primary goal to improve the comprehensive risk management system and improve the effectiveness of comprehensive risk management, and incorporate risk management into multiple levels. We set up a Risk Policy Committee and a US Risk and Management Committee under the Board of Directors, aswell as a Risk Management and Internal Control Committee under the Senior Management. We also established a risk control middle office in major business departments, assigned each business department with a risk director, and clearly specified the major department responsible for each individual type of risk, with the audit department in charge of audit supervision. 103
104 105 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 105 104 Ensuring Honest and Compliant Operation Remaining committed to the concept of honest operation, we intensified our efforts in the development of a compliance management system inaccordance with laws, regulations and relevant regulatory requirements. We improved the working mechanism of internal control and case prevention, carried out training on compliance risk, enhanced the overseas compliance management system, and strengthened antimoney laundering and sanctions compliance management, with the aim to hold the bottom line of nonoccurrence of systematic financial risks. We carried out risk screening in all aspects of business operation to prevent all kinds of illegal and noncompliant cases from the source. In 2021, we formulated the Management Policy of Bank of China Limited on Case Prevention (Version 2021) and the Work Measures of Bank of China Limited for Case Prevention (Version 2021), which included various types of cases such as corruption, bribery, fraud and money laundering into the scope of work, and further clarified the division of responsibilities, policy formulation, employee behaviors management, and supervision and inspection of case prevention and control, aswell as other work measures including case risk screening and case prevention and evaluation. We effectively standardised the case prevention and communication mechanism, aswell as evaluation, motivation and constraint mechanisms, so as to solidify the foundation of case prevention and control management in all aspects. Macau Branch organises a compliance lecture We carried out indepth warning and education activities, organised the heads of institutions at all levels to sign the Responsibility Statement on Case Prevention and Control Objectives and employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment, and scaled up the publicity of preventing financial practitioners from breaking the law and committing crimes. At the same time, relying on the BOC training cloud platform, we cultivated compliance culture, launched courses such as knowledge manuals, special courses, case studies and live lectures, and conducted training and tests and onetoone compliance knowledge competitions to convey the Group's compliance concepts and management requirements to domestic and overseas employees. In line with the Regulations on the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fundraising issued by the State Council, we formulated the Notice on Further Strengthening the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fundraising to clarify the requirements for monitoring the prevention of illegal fundraising and enhance staff education and social publicity. We developed AML control policies such as the Policy of Bank of China Limited on Antimoney Laundering, Counterterrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance to continuously optimise the selfassessment methods and indicators of money laundering risk and enhance the risk monitoring of suspicious accounts involving virtual currencies and telecommunication frauds. Making full use of the selfassessment findings, we realised the matching of resource allocation and AML controls with the risks faced. At the same time, we paid close attention to changes in the sanctions situation, benchmarked with domestic and overseas regulatory requirements and advanced peer practices, and constantly improved the Group's sanctions compliance management system, so as to effectively control the sanctions compliance risks. Targeting directors, senior management and employees, we regularly conducted antimoney laundering and sanctions compliance training on topics such as the international situation, regulatory requirements and interpretation of Group policies. We took active measures to consolidate the liability of overseas institutions as the primary responsible parties for compliance operation, safe operation and highquality development. Incompliance with the local law and regulations and the policy requirements of the Head Office, we established alist of core policies management mechanism, further standardised the policy system of overseas institutions, strengthened the ability to deal with the complex external environment, and made intensified efforts to strengthen the risk management of antimoney laundering and sanctions compliance in overseas institutions. At the same time, we formulated the Several Opinions on Further Strengthening Overseas Compliance Management, Guidelines on Management of Important Compliance Matters in Overseas Institutions and Administrative Measures for Key Personnel in Compliance Management of Overseas Institutions, establishing the concept, principles, major control areas and requirements of overseas compliance management, and improving the management mechanism and process of key personnel incompliance management of overseas institutions. Preventing Financial Crime Fostering Compliance Culture Anti Money Laundering (Aml) Management Compliance Management of Overseas Institutions
106 107 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021100, 000 18, 000 All Round Development Under the Leadership of Party BuildingBOC upheld the principle of the Party exercising effective selfsupervision and practicing strict selfgovernance, strengthened the consciousness of the need to maintain political integrity, think in bigpicture terms, follow the leadership core, and keep in alignment with the central Party leadership, and stayed confident in the path, theory, system, and culture of socialism with Chinese characteristics. We firmly upheld Comrade Xi Jinping score position on the Party Central Committee and in the Party as a whole, and upheld the Central Committee's authority and its centralised, unified leadership. We remained mindful of the country's most fundamental interest, made enhancing the Party politically the guiding principle, adhered to the theoretical guidance of the Party as the starting point, and took primarylevel standardisation as the solid foundation. We earnestly safeguarded the integrity line, paid close attention to work implementation, and continued to promote the highquality development of Party building, so as to provide a strong impetus and solid guarantee for the building of a firstclass global banking group. According to the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee, we carried out indepth study and education of Party history. Inaccordance with the general requirements of learning Party history to obtain knowledge, strengthen confidence, honor morality, and practice diligently, we conducted thematic learning, special Party class, special publicity, special Party organisation meetings, and special Party branch meetings around the mobilisation meeting of Party history study and education, the ceremony marking the centenary of the Communist Party of China, and three key points of the six plenary session of the 19 th CPC Central Committee. We actively developed the second class of Party history study and education, made great efforts to popularise the great founding spirit of the Party, and organised the commendation ceremony for outstanding Party members, exemplary Party workers and advanced communitylevel Party organisations, aswell as thematic publicity and education activities such as Always Following the Party. We also built the BOC Museum and created a matrix of party education bases to guide amass of Party members and cadres topass on the revolutionary spirit and stay firm in the original aspiration and missions. Furthermore, we carried out I do practical things for the masses activity. 72 matters listed by the Party Committee of the Head Office, 273 measures committed by Party branches of the Head Office, and 2, 459 projects put forward by domestic tier 1 branches and comprehensive operation companies were all concluded as required. Prioritising Party building Strengthening theoretical guidance Strengthening theoretical guidance Comprehensively improving Party conducts and enhancing Party discipline Solidifying primarylevel organisations We continued to give top priority to the Party's political building and firmly upheld Comrade Xi Jinping s core position on the CPC Central Committee and in the Party as a whole, and upheld the Central Committee's authority and our centralised, unified leadership. Keeping in mind the essential role of CDFEs, we will continue to improve our capacity for political judgment, thinking and implementation. We made efforts to implement our political liability of promoting the exercise of full and strict Party selfgovernance, conscientiously put in place the major responsible parties for the full and strict Party selfgovernance, scaled up our inspection and supervision efforts and participated in the exhibition of party building achievements of the central and state organs to present the party building results. We made allaround efforts to promote the standardisation of Party branches and consolidate the primarylevel organisations and emphasised the enhancement of the political awareness and professionalism of the leadership teams and officials at all levels to adapt to the new era. We established the joint conference mechanism of party building, and prepared or revised working regulations and other management measures of the steering group for party building, so as to develop systems throughout the strict Party selfgovernance. We also leveraged the Fuxing No. 1 smart Party building platform to boost our IT application, and compiled and published more than 100, 000 books of party building's four books, two reports and one collection series, which were distributed to 18, 000 party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guide. Compiled and published more than books of party building's four books, two reports and one collection series party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guide Distributed to We stepped forward in improving the Party's conduct and enforcing Party discipline to promote a cleaner and healthier political ecosystem of the Party. As part of our efforts to resolutely crack down on corruption, we strengthened our oversight and constraint efforts, enhanced the accountability of supervision and discipline enforcement. We continued to conduct an indepth study of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics fora New Era and made greater efforts to strengthen the theoretical guidance in a more powerful and effective way. We further improved the work system of arming all Party members and educating officials and employees with the Party's innovative theories, and gave full play to the demonstrative and leading role of the Theoretical Learning Group of the BOC Party Committee at all levels. In 2021, we won the championship in the Learning Party History, Strengthening Literacy and Setting Example Reading Relay Competition held by the central and state organs.
108 109 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance ESG Key Performance Environmental Performance Green financial development Indicator 2021 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion)14, 086 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )57 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic green bonds (RMB 100 million)1, 294 Underwriting scale of issuance of overseas green bonds (USD 100 million)234 Accumulated issuance scale of green bonds over the years (USD 100 million)107 Note 1 The greenhouse gas emission from the operation of the Group during 20192021 was mainly incurred by energy consumption and included the emissions within Scope 1 and Scope 2. Scope 1 refers to the direct emissions from combustion of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal and coke. Scope 2 refers to the indirect emissions embodied in electric power and heat consumption. Based on the business scope of the Bank, greenhouse gas included carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide. Note 2 The greenhouse gas emission was accounted by using the energyrelated emission factor mentioned in the Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines Water resource use Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total water consumption (m )358, 887 336, 100 390, 134 Total cycling use of water (m )54, 477 66, 188 74, 918 Water used by the Bank is sourced from municipal water supply, without its own water source. The Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing set water consumption target and developed their own water use plan and water conservancy plan each year asper the Notice on the Planned Water Use Indicator issued by the Beijing Water Conservancy Management Centre. Water consumption target for the Head Office and other three offices based in Beijing in 2021 was 386, 672 cubic meters. The Bank only produced domestic sewage from daily office work, which was discharged into municipal sewer networks. It engaged a qualified thirdparty testing agency to regularly monitor sewage discharge. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Proportion of credits to brown industries incorporate loans Proportion of total credits to brown industries accounted for less than 10 of corporate loans Coal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Chemicals Cement Steel Nonferrous metals Thermal power generation Civil aviation Other sectors Coal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Thermal power generation Civil aviation Cement Steel Nonferrous metals Chemicals Sewage and waste management The Bank classified and recycled waste from daily office work and operation, including domestic waste, kitchen waste and toxic waste. Awaste management task force was set in the Head Office. Kitchen waste, toxic and hazardous waste and other waste were handled by a third party with such qualification for dissolving and absorbing incompliance with regulations. In 2021, the Bank completed the establishment of demonstrative units for domestic waste classification among central CPC and government departments. Domestic waste classification knowledge was popularised among 100 of the employees in the Bank and the output of domestic waste per capita achieved zero growth. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)6. 34 0 5. 1 Discharge of nonhazardous waste (tons)1, 120 1, 064 1, 127 Proportion of credits to other sectors accounted for more than 90 of corporate loansfor Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Public Building Operators (Provisional) and Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Land Transport Enterprises (Provisional) issued by National Development and Reform Commission, carbon dioxide emission factors of China's regional power grids issued by State, and the electric power emission factors issued by overseas regions, based on the accounting scope proposed in the ISO 140641 Greenhouse Gases Part 1 Specification with Guidance at the Organization Level for Quantification and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals and the Greenhouse Gas Accounting System WRI. Note 3 The energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions of the Bank decreased significantly in 2020, partly due to pandemic control measures such as working from home. Note 4 The Bank is actively setting a greenhouse gas emission target of the Group. Proportion of Credits to Brown Industries in Corporate Loans decreased every year in 20172021 Green credit environmental benefits Indicator 2021 CO 2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)25, 380 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 385 Water conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)12, 992 Standard coal conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)11, 702 COD emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)67 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)52 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 3745. 00 17. 00 13. 00 9. 00 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Note 1 10 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group during 20192021. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas and liquefied natural gas by the canteens in office places, electric power was by office places and data center, and heat by the heating of office places in northern China. Note 2 The total energy consumption was calculated according to the consumption of various types of energy and the conversion factor provided in General Rules for Calculation of Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 25892020). Note BOC is a key energyusing unit and key emission unit in Beijing. The data in this table and the Group's data are results from different batches of inspections. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 754, 463 2, 717, 945 2, 825, 765 Gasoline consumption (ton) 12, 400 12, 658 14, 870 Diesel oil consumption (ton) 463 482 646 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m )1, 779 1, 638 1, 833 Electrical power consumption by offices (MWh)1, 279, 768 1, 164, 930 1, 156, 660 Electric power consumption by the Data Centre (MWh)506, 101 585, 547 661, 133 Heat consumption (MkJ) 2, 214, 424 2, 251, 532 2, 218, 428 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters)29, 478 36, 514 44, 228 Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh)123, 482 121, 812 122, 118 Energy Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e)1, 534, 060 1, 512, 554 1, 587, 180 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 179, 309 77, 214 88, 718 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO 2 e) within Scope 21, 454, 751 1, 435, 340 1, 498, 463 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO 2 e FTE)4. 99 4. 89 5. 12 Greenhouse gas emission
110 111 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Materials and packing Human resources structure Caring of occupational health Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Office paper consumption (tons)65. 1 53. 4 59. 74 Paper conservation (tons) -11. 7 6. 34 -11. 74 Number of credit cards issued this year (10, 000)332. 83 679. 39 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (10, 000)1, 561. 41 Paper consumption attributed to credit card ebill (100 million)3. 96 2. 57 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees receiving physical examination in the Head Office 4, 985 4, 144 4, 179 Number of occupational injury cases involving employees of the Head Office 3 7 Number of deaths in line of duty at the Head Office 0 0 Workdays lost due to workrelated injury 100 Employee turnover Indicator 2021 Employee turnover ( ) 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( ) 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( ) 2. 6Indicator 2021 2020 Percentage of employees trained ( ) 97. 01 95. 89 Number of female employees participating in training 175, 377 174, 054 Number of male employees participating in training 130, 847 127, 438 Number of senior management personnel participating in training 14, 293 15, 948 Number of midlevel management personnel participating in training 265, 698 321, 541 Number of nonmanagement employees participating in training 2, 383, 705 2, 161, 168 Average length of employee training (hours)48. 32 59. 35 Average length of female employee training (hours)51. 74 62. 1 Average length of male employee training (hours)45. 83 55. 6 Average length of training participated by the senior management (hours)46. 3 51. 24 Average length of training participated by the midlevel management (hours)61. 99 87. 92 Average length of training participated by nonmanagement employees (hours)41. 92 58. 8 Number of registered users on the BOC training cloud platform 315, 674 314, 411 Number of average monthly active users on the BOC training cloud platform 234, 170 137, 331 Number of courses provided on the BOC training cloud platform 25, 072 14, 463 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (persontimes)2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)43. 55 40. 63Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees 306, 322 309, 084 309, 384 Number of male employees 131, 387 131, 916 132, 169 Number of female employees 174, 935 177, 168 177, 215 Number of employees in the mainland of China 280, 908 283, 312 284, 044 Number of expatriates 2, 051 1, 956 1, 877 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 19, 445 19, 495 19, 205 Number of local employees at overseas institutions 23, 992 24, 370 23, 463 Number of new employees of the year 10, 221 11, 468 10, 289 Note The data of office paper consumption and paper conservation only covers the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Note The number of employees receiving physical examination in the Head Office does not include employees at the Software Centre and some persons dispatched by the Head Office. Work to secure environmental compliance The Bank did not receive any punishment for violation of environmental laws and regulations or environmental complaint in 2021. Employee protection Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees ( )57. 11 57. 32 57. 28 Percentage of female midtoseniorlevel managers ( )30. 79 33. 24 Percentage of male midtoseniorlevel managers ( )69. 21 66. 76 The Bank treated all employees equally and set no discriminative condition on the basis of gender, nationality or physical disease for social recruitment, campus recruitment, and internal promotion and appointment, ensuring openness, fairness and equality. It fully respected and protected the legitimate rights and interests of employees through signing employment contracts, launching collective consultation and holding workers congress. The Bank cared for employees physical and mental health, provided diversified health care, and advocated healthy lifestyles. In 2021, the Bank continued to purchase critical illness insurance for the Head Office's employees and applied SOS health insurance for employees dispatched to foreign areas with hard conditions, further strengthening the protection of employees health. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Investments into employee training (in RMB 10, 000)81, 386 53, 804 79, 217 Employees trained 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 2, 927, 903 Excluding employees learning online by themselves. Employee education and training Focused on business development and employee growth, the Bank built a system for six internal training programmes, namely Party school training, strategic task training, key talent training, post competency training, routine business training and comprehensive quality training. Besides, the Bank planned leadership training, and trained managers at senior, medium and primary levels systematically. It also continued to build 21 pathway sequences, and carried out curriculum R&Dand certification. Moreover, the Bank improved incentives for learning in employees spare time, encouraged them to learn on the job and created a learning culture for them. Social Performance Number of minority employees 13, 260 13, 073 12, 843 Number of employees aged 30 and below 66, 995 73, 355 Number of employees aged 31 50185, 917 189, 454 Number of employees aged above 5053, 410 46, 275 Number of employees from campus recruitment 9, 610 9, 218 Number of employees from social recruitment 611 1, 005 Number of interns accepted 665 517 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications 6, 280 4, 308 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications 196, 000 35, 000 Percentage of scientific and technical personnel ( )3. 07 2. 49
112 113 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Customer privacy protection Under the coordinated planning, guidance and arrangement of the Board of Directors and the consumer protection committee under the Executive Committee, the Bank improved the customer information protection mechanism by formulating and refining policy documents such as the Management Policy of Bank of China on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China for Consumer Financial Information Protection. It also formulated and updated the privacy policy on consumer products and services, and strengthened the protection of customer funds, accounts and information. Moreover, the Bank strictly standardised the handling of personal information of consumers, held training in personal customer information protection and strengthened internal training assessment and personnel management to protect the information security right of consumers. In 2021, the Bank organised investigations of consumer financial information security risks, carried out comprehensive selfinspection and rectification of related information protection, including comprehensive investigation of consumer financial information protection and special investigation of consumer financial information protection of partner institutions, and formed selfinspection reports and problem rectification history log. At the same time, the Bank benchmarked its compliance standards against the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, analysed gaps and took corrective measures timely. Focusing on sensitive personal information processing, crossborder information transmission, information owner rights response, partner organisation management and other dimensions, the Bank reviewed the status quo and conducted reinspection to improve and clarify relevant mechanisms and norms. Fair Advertising Policy The Bank established a complete and detailed system of rules and regulations for advertising, standardised the management and approval of advertising publicity, and strictly abided by the Advertisement Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations aswell as the policies and regulations issued by industry regulators. The contents of advertising are true and legal, and do not exaggerate or deceive or mislead consumers. The ideas of advertisements are healthy and uplifting and deliver positive energy. Advertising products delivered overseas abide by local laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, and respect local customs and culture. Product risk management The Bank formulated the Management Measures for Products of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and the Management Measures for Product risks of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021). Guided by the principles including lifecycle management, three lines of defense management, controlled risks, differentiated management and digital management and control, the Bank identified management requirements for different stages such as new product access, product duration, stop selling and exit market. The scope of product management was expanded from commercial bank product management to groupwide product management, from new product management to lifecycle management and from selfrun product management to selfrun and consigned product management, thus achieving fullcovered product management. At the same time, the Bank upgraded the organisational structure of product management, clarifying the supervision and management responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Management. For new products, product department was required to carry out risk selfassessment during product access, risk management department shall propose risk control measures and issue review Prevent fraud risk With big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and other technologies, the Bank continued to advance the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improve the realtime antifraud capability in online finance. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (in 10, 000)87. 90 52. 00 34. 30 Amount of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (RMB 100 million)150. 70 119. 84 82. 39 Support social development Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Donations (RMB million) 98. 54 162. 28 117. 6 Social contribution per share Note 1 (RMB)2. 60 1. 98 1. 86 Balance of loans granted to povertystricken areas (RMB 100 million)3, 608. 76 3, 028. 88 Balance of governmentsponsored student loans Note 2 (RMB million)2, 139 2, 191 2, 365 Amount of governmentsponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB 100 million)250. 72 246. 12 240. 53 Amount of pension funds in the Bank's custody (RMB 100 million)1, 415. 45 1, 017. 92 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management Note 3 (in 10, 000)367. 59 341. 36 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB 100 million)7835. 02 5, 928. 72 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public 59, 722 22, 211 Number of people receiving financial education (in 10, 000)56, 295 9, 997 Number of anticounterfeit money education events (in 10, 000)5, 600 5, 600 Number of customers receiving anticounterfeit money education (in 10, 000)1, 225 212 Number of anticounterfeit money materials distributed (10, 000 copies)277 244 Note 1 The calculation method of Social contribution per share has adjusted since 2021. In 2021, Social contribution per share (contribution value of economic performance contribution value of social performance - social cost caused by environmental pollution) total share capital basic earnings per share. Note 2 Governmentsponsored student loans Unsecured loans granted to students from poor families in universities and colleges, inpayment for their study, accommodation and living costs at school. Note 3 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management Number of personal accounts with the Bank serving as the manager of the enterprise annuity accounts. Governance Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total assets (RMB million) 26, 722, 408 24, 402, 659 22, 769, 744 Operating income (RMB million)605, 717 567, 647 550, 010 Operating expenses (RMB million)226, 355 202, 411 198, 269 Total profit before income tax (RMB million)276, 620 246, 378 250, 645 Profit for the year (RMB million)227, 339 205, 096 201, 891 Return on average total assets ( )0. 89 0. 87 0. 92 Return on average equity ( )11. 28 10. 61 11. 45 Capital adequacy ratio ( ) 16. 53 16. 22 15. 59 Nonperforming loans to total loans ( )1. 33 1. 46 1. 37 Income tax expense (RMB million)49, 281 41, 282 48, 754 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million)2, 225, 153 2, 038, 419 1, 851, 701 Value creation Closely following the financial services demand of global customers, the Bank steadily pushed forward outlet and echannel construction and stepped up efforts in building outlets in rural and county regions to practice the concept of inclusive finance. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of mobile banking customers (in 10, 000)23, 518 21, 055 18, 082 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB trillion)39. 38 32. 28 28. 28 Number of monthly active users of mobile banking APP (in 10, 000)7, 104. 41 6, 031. 09 4, 768. 49 Number of operating outlets in the mainland 10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of intelligent outlets 10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of ATMs 27, 729 33, 314 37, 331 Number of smart counters 32, 367 31, 960 30, 425 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tabletversion smart counters 10, 853 Service channelsopinions on product risk assessment and product launch, and product department shall implement differentiated launch approval according to product risk level. For duration products, product department was required to carry out product reinspection and evaluate products in terms of product characteristics, operation conditions, market environment, customer demands, policy requirements, risk changes and other aspects, while risk management department shall review risk assessment results of the products launched within one year, key stock products and the products with elevated risk level after reinspection, issue comprehensive risk assessment reports and propose risk control suggestions for other reinspected products. At the same time, the Bank formulated the Performance Assessment Index for Product Management in 2021, set negative marking items (2 points each) concerning new product assess, monitoring reports, product reinspection, risk review and other dimensions, and integrated them into comprehensive risk management assessment.
114 115 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Directors Shareholders Meetings Meetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Liu Liange 2 2 13 14 Liu Jin 0 0 5 7 Wang Wei 2 2 13 14 Lin Jingzhen 2 2 14 14 Xiao Lihong 2 2 14 14 Wang Xiaoya 2 2 14 14 Zhang Jiangang 2 2 14 14 Chen Jianbo 2 2 14 14 Wang Changyun 2 2 13 14 Angela Chao 1 2 12 14 Jiang Guohua 2 2 13 14 Martin Cheung Kong Liao 2 2 13 14 Chen Chunhua 2 2 12 14 Special Committees Chairman of Committee Strategic Development Committee Liu Liange Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Chen Chunhua Audit Committee Jiang Guohua Risk Policy Committee Wang Changyun Personnel and Remuneration Committee Chui Sai Peng Jose Connected Transactions Control Committee Martin Cheung Kong Liao Indicator Number Percentage ( ) Board members 15 Executive directors 4 26. 7 Nonexecutive directors 5 33. 3 Independent directors 6 40. 0 Male directors 11 73. 3 Female directors 4 26. 7 Directors aged 31 50 2 13. 3 Directors aged above 50 13 86. 7 Directors holding doctor's degree 8 53. 3 Directors holding master's degree 7 46. 7 Foreign director 1 6. 7 Directors with work experience ineconomy 15 15 Directors with work experience in finance 15 15Indicator 2021 2020 Number of publicly disclosed documents 388 355 Including Documents issued at A share market 126 123 Including Chinese documents issued at H share market 132 127 Including English documents issued at H share market 130 105 Number of events for communication with investors 419 490 Including Investor conferences held 178 179 Including Investor hotlines answered 111 122 Including Responses to enquiries posted on einteraction online platform run by SSE 57 91 Including Responses to emails through the IR mailbox 73 98Indicator 2021 2020 Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements Note 1 (RMB million)881, 502. 25 611, 661. 62 Growth rate of the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements ( )53. 15 48. 12 Growth rate of loans for micro and small enterprises Note 2 ( )33. 60 21. 43 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises (RMB 100 million)25, 560. 85 19, 131. 77 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises as proportions of the total balance of all loans of the Bank ( )19. 97 16. 77 Number of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans 644, 037 497, 300 Growth rate of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans ( )29. 51 10. 19 Balance of loans for small and mediumsized enterprises (SMEs) Note 3 (RMB 100 million)42, 935. 60 37, 417. 55 Growth rate of loans for SMEs ( ) 14. 75 11. 09 Note 1 Inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements By the standard of the CBIRC, they refer to the loans for micro and small enterprises with the total singleaccount credit amount of RMB 10 million or below. Note 2 Micro and small enterprises They refer to the small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and micro and small business owners by the standard of the CBIRC. Note 3 Small and mediumsized enterprises (SMEs) They refer to mediumsized enterprises and small enterprises by the standard of the CBIRC. Board diversity Attendance of the Board of Directors and training Note 1 For details, please refer to the Articles of Association of Bank of China Limited https www. boc. cn investor ir 6 200812 t 20081222 508231. html. Director independence In 2021, the Bank had 6 independent directors, accounting for 40 of total directors, who were selected from personalities at home and abroad. They were professional with good reputation. Independent directors did not assume any other position at the Bank, and were not subject to the influence of the Bank's substantial shareholders, de facto controller or any other institution or individual that had a major stake in the Bank. At the same time, the Bank requires in its Articles of Association that directors, who have a stake in the enterprise involved in the matter reviewed at the Board meeting, may not vote on the matter, and that resolutions made at the Board meeting shall be passed by more than half of the directors who do not have a stake in the matter Note 1. As at the end of 2021, chairmen of special committees of the Board other than the Strategic Development Committee were assumed by independent directors. Information disclosure and communication with investors The Bank continued to improve the information disclosure management policy system. Aiming at enhancing transparency, the Bank enriched and optimised the disclosure content, enhanced the pertinence and effectiveness of disclosure, and safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of investors. In 2021, the Bank held 14 meetings of the Board of Directors in total, during which time the average attendance rate of the Board of Directors was 94, and 108 proposals were reviewed. Meanwhile, upon authorisation, committees of the Board of Directors vigorously assisted the Board of Directors in duty performance. At the same time, the Bank provided a total of 10 training sessions for Board members throughout the year, with 73 persontimes participation directors and 14 hours of training per Board member. Number of meetings attended in person number of meetings convened during term of office Meetings are held in the form of onsite meeting or via written resolution. The Bank assumed responsibilities for implementing the strategy for serving the country through financial services, supporting the real economy and developing business with innovation and better efficiency. Moreover, it worked faster to improve its capabilities of integrated services, allocated more resources to key regions and vigorously supported key areas such as inclusive finance, private enterprises and strategic emerging industries to contribute to highquality development of the real economy. Support economic development Balance of personal business startup loans (RMB 100 million)26. 32 22. 73 Number of beneficiaries of personal business startup loans 15, 458 18, 119 Balance of loans for private enterprises (RMB 1 trillion)2. 44 1. 76 Balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries (RMB 100 million)5, 215. 78 2, 222. 43 Balance of governmentsubsidised housing loans (RMB 100 million)1, 494. 41 1, 514. 45 Loans newly extended to a variety of transportation fields (RMB 100 million)4, 686 3, 253 Balance of agriculturerelated loans (RMB 100 million)17, 408 15, 185 Balance of financing for core enterprises in the supply chain (RMB 100 million)47, 321 40, 000 Balance of financing for upstream and downstream enterprises in the industrial chain (RMB 100 million)9, 210 7, 818 Balance of loans in support of the marine economy (RMB 100 million)708 553 Total credit approved for winter sports projects of Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games (RMB 100 million)615 567 Accumulative credit granted to winter sports projects of Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games (RMB 100 million)304 259 Note 1 For nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties, please refer to the list of (160) nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties released by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Administration in August 2021. Number of outlets in nationallevel rural revitalisation assistance counties Note 134 32 29 Number of countylevel outlets 2, 934 2, 981 3, 016 Coverage ratio of countylevel institutions ( )62. 52 62. 07 61. 42 Rate of counters substituted by scenarios ( )92. 90 96. 24 96. 13 Electronic reconciliation rate ( )98. 52 97. 80 96. 64 Costs of bill mailing reduced (RMB 100 million)4. 89 4. 19 3. 66 Chui Sai Peng Jose 2 2 12 14 Former Directors Wang Jiang 1 1 0 1 Zhao Jie 2 2 14 14
116 117 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Clean office and anticorruption The Bank was committed to preventing integrity risk, resolutely punished corruption, established a sound monitoring and restraint mechanism for key areas such as credit management, nonperforming loan disposal and centralised procurement, and kept a tough anticorruption stance. It deepened the building of a longeffect anticorruption mechanism, adhered to the principle of not daring to corrupt, not being able to corrupt and not wanting to corrupt, promoted Bankwide special prevention and control, stepped up the investigation and punishment of violations of laws and disciplines, and improved the mechanism of power restriction. Carrying forward its excellent clean culture of loftiness, clean and determination, the Bank extensively carried out the cultivation of an integrity culture, continuously conducted warning education, held special warning education conferences, and compiled and published typical cases, thus consolidating the ideological foundation of the whole staff to resist corruption and prevent degeneration. Attaching great importance to the integrity building and anticorruption supervision of overseas institutions, the Bank established a leading mechanism for integrity risk prevention and control and corruption governance in overseas institutions, overseas institutions strengthened their anticorruption efforts and risk prevention and control in the light of the actual situation in local countries and regions. It enhanced education and supervision, and continuously promoted a strong atmosphere of integrity and compliance in overseas institutions. Moreover, it established and improved the supervision system for the integrity of overseas institutions, introduced management measures, stepped up efforts of supervision and promoted the implementation of the requirements of building a clean bank. For more information on the number of cases of corruption and the results of lawsuits, please visit the websites of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China and the National Supervisory Commission of the People's Republic of China. Handling letterorvisit matters In 2021, the Bank amended the Management Measures of Bank of China for Reception of Letterorvisit, further improving mechanism for making investigation and coordination and handling letters and visits. Citizens, legal persons or other organisations can report facts and give opinions through phone calls, letters, visits, etc. The Bank setup a letterorvisit office anda reception station, and domestic branches assigned fulltime personel for accepting Letterorvisit matters. All those efforts were to process letters, phone calls and visits received and listen to opinions, suggestions and appeals of people. The Bank also accepted Letterorvisit made by stakeholders in a realname or anonymous way, safeguarded the privacy and safety of whistleblowers and disallowed retaliation against whistleblowers in any form by anyone. Safeguarding intellectual property rights The Bank strictly complied with the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations. It advocated the concept of intellectual property rights protection, applied for and protected trademarks, patents and other intellectual properties in line with the Bank's intellectual property rights management measures. Meanwhile, the Bank showed full respect to intellectual property rights of others and paid attention to the prevention of infringement of intellectual property rights. Procurement practice In 2021, the Bank amended the Charter of Centralised Procurement Management Committee of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Management Measures for Procurement of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and other documents to further improve procurement review mechanisms, optimise procurement implementation process and strengthen substantive control over procurement risks with the goals of intensify supervision and control risks. It promoted open, transparent and standardised procurement, primarily adopted public tenders, strictly controlled single source procurement, and organised all employees in centralised procurement centre of the Head Office to sign the Code of Conduct of Procurement Personnel for Clean Practice, in a bid to strengthen the oversight, management, discipline and accountability of procurement. The Bank established procurement complains handling mechanisms and formulated the Measures for Handling Questions from Suppliers of Centralised Procurement of China of Bank Limited, allowing suppliers to raise questions on procurement activities to the Bank through email, letter and other forms. The Bank will timely accept, investigate and deal with these questions and record relevant handling process, and reply contents and files. In 2021, one supplier's questions were accepted and handled by the Head Office. The Bank implemented the national policies Regulations on Ensuring Timely Payments to Small and Mediumsized Enterprises and the Notices on Strengthening Support to Small and Mediumsized Enterprises, formulated the Management Measures for Payments to Small and Mediumsized Enterprise Suppliers of Bank of China (Version 2020), the Special Agreement Between Bank of China Limited and Small and Mediumsized Enterprise Suppliers and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management on Payments to Private Enterprises and Small and Mediumsized Enterprises, and concluded special agreement with SME suppliers, in a bid to optimise payment conditions and process and ensure timely payments to SMEs. At the same time, it safeguarded the right of SME suppliers to equally participate in bids. Public online tenders, public invitation of tenders were adopted for procurement projects, in which micro and small enterprises meeting requirements all have eligibility and opportunities to bid. While proposing requirements on the basic eligibilities of qualified suppliers, the Bank did not have any other requirement on the registered capital or scale of the enterprises except fora few projects with special requirements. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total number of centralised procurement projects 13, 961 12, 995 15, 095 Budget amount involved in centralised procurements (RMB 100 million)292. 49 288. 15 312. 88 Number of suppliers of the Head Office 1, 087 1, 082 Including Proportion of suppliers in the Chinese mainland ( )90 Proportion of suppliers in outside the mainland ( )10 Coverage ratio of supplier review ( )100 100 Environmental and social assessment for suppliers Responding to challenges of the COVID 19 pandemic The Bank incorporated responsible procurement into supplier selection, procurement, evaluation, supplier management, contract signing and other links. It was clearly stated in procurement invitation documents of all projects that suppliers shall not have any violations against laws and regulations that cause environmental and social risks such as environment pollution and illegal employment. The Bank evaluated suppliers commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility during supplier inspection and project review. In addition to the written commitments of suppliers, the Bank also investigated their environmental protection equipment and measures, labor contract signing, social security payment, office environment, labor protection measures and other conditions during the investigation of specific project, and considered these factors in the process of review. In 2021, the COVID 19 pandemic was basically under control in the Chinese mainland, with high clusters and sporadic outbreaks in some areas across the country. In comparison, overseas outbreaks continued to occur frequently, with the prevention and control situation remaining grim and complex. The Bank continued to improve its business continuity management system, and formulated the Distribution and Operation Business Continuity Plan of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), which standardised its procedures and requirements for response, disposal and recovery in the event of interruptions to its channels and operations, clarified the management responsibilities of branches, required daily monitoring as well as efficient epidemic prevention and control in local outlets during major events or statutory holidays. To reduce the risks associated with the pandemic, the Bank implemented a national centralised transaction processing service for corporate loan transactions. Through the development of relevant systems, the transaction processing workload of pandemicaffected branches could be directly undertaken by other branches, thus effectively ensuring continuity in credit operation. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Supplier social responsibility training sessions held 3 1 Compliance and business ethics The Bank required its employees to abide by business ethics, organised employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment and carried out the study of policies such as the Measures for Handling Employee Violations, so as to channel employee management standards deep into the Bank. At the same time, the Bank organised regular investigation into abnormal behaviors of employees and timely intercepted case risk.
Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance 119 118 Outlook Ushering in 2022, Bank of China will remain committed to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics fora New Era, acton the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, assume its responsibilities and missions as a large stateowned bank, contribute to the stability of the macro economy, and put in place and deepen the requirements of the supplyside structural reform in the financial sector. The Bank will coordinate the prevention and mitigation of financial risks with its efforts to serve the real economy, and build a firstclass global banking group while bridging China and the world for the common good. Focusing on the eight major priority fields and contributing to the stability of the macro economy The Bank will apply the new development philosophy of innovation, coordination, green development, opening up and sharing in a full, accurate and comprehensive manner and focus on the development of eight major priority fields, namely, technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, crossborder finance, consumer finance, wealth finance, supply chain finance and countylevel finance, to build up a new service image of BOC. It will continuously strengthen the adaptability, inclusiveness and competitiveness of its financial services, and improve its capability and efficacy of serving the real economy. Realising the goals of peaking carbon emission and carbon neutrality and pursuing green development Closely following the development goal of peaking carbon emission and achieving carbon neutrality, the Bank will optimise the sustainable financial business system and enhance its green and integrated service quality, so as to build itself into the firstchoice bank for green financial services. It will keep a close eye on industrial development and policy changes, in a bid to make a timely adjustment to the relevant credit granting policies and procedures of the banking industry, and strengthen environmental and social risk management. It will also integrate environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) principles into the entire business process, pursue breakthroughs in the development of sustainable investment and financing products, actively participate in international cooperation on ESG, and promote the construction of specialised cooperation platform, with the aim to achieve cooperation and winwin results together in green development. Caring for the expectation of society and endeavouring for the people's wellbeing The Bank will step up efforts to establish an integrated inclusive financial service system covering diversified products and services, with commercial banking as the mainstay, rural finance as a feature, and consumer finance and public welfare services as the supplement. The Bank will make an active response to the aging of the population, and continuously optimise the services targeted at the elderly, in a bid to help them conquer the difficulties in using digital devices with smarter and warmer financial services. The Bank will ensure the effective connection between comprehensive poverty alleviation and rural revitalisation, promote the development of countylevel finance in rural areas, and offer stronger support to the new industries, new business patterns and models at the county and village level. Sticking to the peoplecentric approach and witnessing employee growth The Bank will continue to optimise the career development platform for employees, put in place the protection of their rights and interests, care for their physical and mental health, and create an energetic working environment, so as to improve their sense of belonging and happiness. It looks to establish a global talent training system, carry out training programmes in a tiered and classified way, and increase the expertise and resource investment to training programmes. It will keep strengthening the digital talent team building to enhance the deployment of new technological talents and foster a new digital talent team that specialises in both business and technology.
120 121 GRI 101 Foundation 101 Principles for defining report content and principles for defining report quality 120 General Disclosures 1021 Name of the organisation 6 1022 Brands, products, and services 6 1023 Location of headquarters 131 1024 Number of countries where the organisation operates 6 1025 Nature of ownership and legal form 6 1026 Markets served 23, 6 1027 Scale of the organisation 6, 113 1028 B 1. 1 Information on employees and other workers 110111, 114115 1029 B 5 General disclosures B 5. 2 A description of the organisation s supply chain 116117 10210 significant changes to the organisation s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain during the reporting period 2039, 4653, 7583 10211 Whether and how the organisation applies the Precautionary Principle or approach 5458, 102103 10212 Externallydeveloped economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organisation subscribes, or which it endorses. 7071 10213 Main memberships of industry or other associations 7071 Strategy 10214 Statement from the most senior decisionmaker of the organisation 25 10215 A description of key impacts, risks, and opportunities 25, 20, 40, 74, 98 Ethics and integrity 10216 The organisation s values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 8 10217 B 7. 2 Internal and external mechanisms for reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior, and organisational integrity. 104105 Governance 10218 Governance structure of the organisation 99 10219 Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees 99100 10220 Whether the organisation has appointed an executivelevel position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics, and whether post holders report directly to the highest governance body. 99100 10221 Processes for consultation between stakeholders and the highest governance body on economic, environmental, and social topics. If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body. 10 10222 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees 99, 115Indexes About the Report The Board of Directors and all the directors of the Company hereby guarantee that the report does not contain any false presentation, misleading statement or material omissions and shall assume individual and joint liability for the authenticity, truthfulness and completeness of the contents hereof. Coverage Organisation Focusing on Bank of China Limited ( BOC ), the report covers the Head Office, domestic branches, overseas branches, subsidiaries, representative offices and affiliates. Time From January 1 to December 31, 2021, with some exceptions. Reporting cycle Annual report. The 2020 CSR Report was released in March 2021. Preparation References This report is prepared inaccordance with the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the former China Banking Regulatory Commission), the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of China, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Selfdiscipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Standards) of the Global Reporting Initiative, the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United States. Data Basis The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2021 financial report audited by Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2021 and the reports of previous years aswell. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. Guarantee Pricewaterhouse Coopers Zhong Tian LLP assumes the liability for qualified assurance services on selected key data disclosed in the report and issues an independent assurance report. Disclosure Format The report will be issued in printed and electronic formats. The electronic version is available at the website of BOC (http www. boc. cn). Note For details on other environmental, social and governance information of the Bank, please refer to the 2021 Annual Report of Bank of China Limited and relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE, HKEx and the Bank. Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or ExplanationGRI Standards HKEx ESG Reporting Guide
122 12310223 Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organisation 114 10224 Nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees, and criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members 101 10225 Processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed. 102107 10226 Highest governance body's role in the development of the organisation s purpose, value and strategies 99100, 115 10227 Measures taken to develop and enhance the highest governance body's collective knowledge of economic, environmental, and social topics 25, 4145, 99100 10228 Evaluating the highest governance body's performance 114115 10229 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social topics 10 10230 Effectiveness of the organisation s risk management processes 102103 10231 Frequency of the highest governance body's review of economic, environmental, and social topics and their impacts, risks, and opportunities. 102103 10232 The highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organisation s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are covered. 1011 10233 Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body 1011, 99100 10234 Total number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body, and mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns. 99100, 115 10235 Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executives Please refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 10236 Process for determining remuneration Please refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association Stakeholders involvement in remuneration 10237 How stakeholders views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration. Please refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 10238 Ratio of the annual total compensation Please refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 10239 Ratio of the percentage increase in annual total compensation Please refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 10240 Alist of stakeholder groups engaged by the organisation. 11 10241 Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. 110 10242 The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with whom to engage. 1011 10243 The organisation s approach to stakeholder engagement 1011 10244 Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including how the organisation has responded to those key topics and concerns 11 Reporting Practice 10245 All entities included in the organisation s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents. 113, 120 10246 An explanation of the process for defining the report content and the topic Boundaries 10 10247 Material topics identified in the process for defining report content. 10 10248 The effect of any restatements of information given in previous reports, and the reasons for such restatements. 10249 Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries 10 10250 Reporting period 120 10251 The date of the most recent previous report 12010252 Reporting cycle Annual Report 10253 The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents 120 10254 The claim made by the organisation inaccordance with the GRI Standards 120 10255 The GRI content index 121125 10256 Policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report 127130 Topic Economic Economic Performance GRI 103 Management Approach 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 20 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2011 Direct economic value generated and distributed 910, 113114 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103 Management Approach 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 910, 20, 4045 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2031 Extent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported 2053 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2032 Significant indirect economic impacts including significance of identified indirect economic impacts 2053 Anti Corruption GRI 103 Management Approach B 7 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 104105 GRI 205 Anticorruption 2052 Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures 116 Topic Environmental Materials GRI 103 Management ApproachA 2 General disclosures A 3 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 4045, 6669 GRI 301 Materials A 2. 5 3011 Materials used by weight or volume 110 A 3. 1 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 4069 Energy GRI 103 Management ApproachA 2 General disclosures A 3 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 4045, 6669 GRI 302 Energy A 2. 1 3021 Energy consumption within the organisation 108109 GRI 302 Energy A 2. 1 3023 Energy intensity 108109 A 2. 3 Energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved 6669 Water GRI 103 Management ApproachA 2 General disclosures, A 3 General disclosures, A 2. 41031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 4045, 6669 GRI 303 Water A 2. 2 3031 Total water withdrawal by source 109 Emissions GRI 103 Management ApproachA 1 General disclosures A 3 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 4045, 6669 GRI 305 Emissions A 1. 1 3051 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A 1. 1 3052 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 109 Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation
124 125 G 4 FS 7 Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific social benefit for each business line broken downby purpose 114, 116 G 4 FS 13 Access points in lowpopulated or economically disadvantaged areas 6, 3839, 9197 G 4 FS 14 Initiatives to improve access to financial services for the disadvantaged 3839, 9197 Supplier Social Responsibility Performance GRI 103 Management Approach B 5 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 116117 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment B 5. 24141 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 116117 Customer Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B 6 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 8487 Marketing and Labeling GRI 103 Management Approach B 6 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 8485, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 4171 Requirements for product and service information and labeling 85, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 4172 Total number of incidents of noncompliance with regulations and or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling by results 85, 112 Customer Privacy GRI 103 Management Approach B 6 General disclosures, B 6. 5 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 86, 112 GRI 418 Customer Privacy B 6. 24181 Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy 112 Compliance with Social Practices, Laws and Regulations GRI 103 Management Approach 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 104105 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance B 6 General disclosures 4191 Significant fines and nonmonetary sanctions for noncompliance with laws and or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of total monetary value of significant fines and total number of nonmonetary sanctions 104105, 115116 B 6. 3 Practices of maintenance and protection of intellectual property rights 116 Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation GRI 305 Emissions A 1. 1 3053 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A 1. 2 3054 GHG emissions intensity 109 A 1. 5 Measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved 6669, 109 Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Effluents and Waste GRI 103 Management ApproachA 1 General disclosures A 3 General disclosures Management approach disclosures 6669 GRI 306 Effluents and Waste A 1. 3, A 1. 4, A 1. 6 Total weight of waste by type and disposal method 109 Topic Social Employment GRI 103 Management Approach B 1 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 74, 88, 110111 GRI 401 Employment B 1. 24011 Total number and rate of new employee hires and employee turnover 110111 GRI 401 Employment 4012 Benefits provided to fulltime employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees 8890 Labor Management Relations GRI 103 Management Approach B 4 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 8890, 110111 GRI 402 Labor Management Relations 4021 Minimum notice periods regarding significant operational changes, including report whether the notice period is specified in collective agreements B 4. 1 Review of employment practices to avoid child and forced labour 8890, 110111 B 4. 2 Steps taken to eliminate child and forced labour practices when discovered 8890, 110111 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B 2 General disclosures, B 2. 3 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 8890, 110111 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety B 2. 1, B 2. 2 4032 Workrelated hazards and incidents 110111 Employee Training and Education GRI 103 Management Approach B 3 General disclosures 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 8889, 110111 GRI 404 Training and Education B 3. 1, B 3. 24041 Average hours of training per year per employee by gender and employee category 111 GRI 404 Training and Education 4042 Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment. 8889, 110111 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103 Management Approach 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 101, 110 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity B 1. 1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees categorised by gender, age group and other indicators of diversity 110111, 114 Nondiscrimination GRI 103 Management Approach 1031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 110 Local Communities GRI 103 Management Approach B 8 General disclosures, B 8. 1, B 8. 21031, 1032, 1033 Management approach disclosures 3839, 9197 GRI 413 Local Communities 4131 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs 3839, 9197
126 127 Assurance Statement Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (Tcfd) Index Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) Reporting and Self Assessment Tcfd Recommended Disclosures Page Number(s) or Explanation Governance Disclose the organisation s governance around climaterelated issues and opportunities. a) Describe the board's oversight of climaterelated risks and opportunities. 41 b) Describe the management's role in assessing and managing climaterelated risks and opportunities. 4142 Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climaterelated risks and opportunities on the organisation s business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. a) Describe the climaterelated risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term 44, 5859 b) Describe the impact of climaterelated risks and opportunities on the organisation s businesses, strategy and financial planning. 4474 c) Describe the resilience of the organisation s strategy, taking into consideration different climaterelated scenarios, including a 2 Cor lower scenario. 4174 Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climaterelated risks. a) Describe the organisation s processes for identifying and assessing climaterelated risks. 58 b) Describe the organisation s processes for managing climaterelated risks. 58 c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climaterelated risks are integrated into the organisation s overall risk management. 5459 Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climaterelated risks and opportunities where such information is material. a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climaterelated risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process 58, 108110 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks. 109 c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climaterelated risks and opportunities and performance against targets 4474 PRB Reporting and Self Assessment Page Number(s) or Explanation Principle 1 Alignment We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals needs and society's goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals, the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks. 6, 9, 20, 40, 74, 98 Principle 2 Impact and Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. 913, 20117 Principle 3 Clients and Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. 6365, 7097 Principle 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society's goals. 11, 20107 Principle 5 Governance and Culture We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance anda culture of responsible banking. 8, 8889, 98107 Principle 6 Transparency and Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society's goals. 710, 1215, 20117
128 129
130 131 Readers Feedback We appreciate your reading the Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited for 2021. This is the 14 th year the Bank releases the social responsibility report. In order to better meet your demands, provide you with more valuable information and enhance social responsibility performance of the Bank, please kindly give us your comments on this report and feedback to us in any of the following ways Telephone 861066595921 Fax 861066014024 Email CSR bankofchina. com Mailing address Executive Office, Bank of China, 1 Fuxingmen Nei Dajie, Xicheng District, Beijing, China Postal code 100818 1. What's your overall impression of this report? Excellent Good Acceptable 2. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in implementing China's major development strategies? Excellent Good Acceptable 3. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in enhancing global financial services? Excellent Good Acceptable 4. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in providing quality services to customers? Excellent Good Acceptable 5. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in supporting charity and public interest? Excellent Good Acceptable 6. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in improving supply chain management? Excellent Good Acceptable 7. What do you think of the Bank's performance of the social responsibility in dedicating to green finance and lowcarbon operation? Excellent Good Acceptable Do you have any comment or suggestion on the Social Responsibility Report and social responsibility work of the Bank? Sincerely thank you for your support! Total assets (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total assets consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Operating income (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the operating income consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Nonperforming loans to total loans ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the nonperforming loans to total loans consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Capital adequacy ratio ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital adequacy ratio consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Profit for the year (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the profit for the year consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Income tax expense (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the income tax expense consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Number of employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of employees in the Bank (excluding nonfinancial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Percentage of female midtoseniorlevel managers ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank at the end of the reporting period. Employees trained (persontime) The term disclosed herein refers to the total persontimes of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank who participated in training during the reporting period. Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated at the end of the reporting period Basis of Reporting invested by the Bank in industries, including energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy industry, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructure, green services, overseas projects adopting international practices or standards, green trade financing and green consumption financing. Balance of governmentsponsored student loans (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of loans by the end of the reporting period granted by the Bank to eligible students from lowincome families in universities affiliated to the central government (including branch campuses) and local universities to pay the basic expenses of their study and living in school. Donations (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pretax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Total water consumption (m 3) The term disclosed herein refers to the total water consumption of the Head Office of the Bank in Beijing during the reporting period, including the water consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh) The term disclosed herein refers to the total electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing during the reporting period, including electricity consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters) The term disclosed herein refers to gasoline consumption of the vehicle fleet owned by the Head Office of the Bank during the reporting period. Number of video meetings (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank during the reporting period. Social contribution per share (RMB) The term disclosed herein refers to the valueadded per share created for the society calculated based on the basic earnings per share created by the Bank for shareholders, adding the value created by the Bank for other stakeholders during the reporting period, such as taxes paid by the Bank for the state, wages paid to employees, loan interest paid to creditors and total external donations, and deducting other costs derived from environmental pollution.
