Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Environmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j 8 5223609722 j 8 5228740280 jwww. crbeer. com. hk ji nfo crb. cn Address Room 2301 & 2 310, 23 F., China Resources Building, No. 2 6 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong K ong Tel 85223609722 F ax 85228740280 Website www. crbeer. com. hk E mail info crb. cn
CONTENTS About this Report 2 Foreword 4 Overview of 2023 sustainable development 6 Major awards and honors 9 ESG ESG management structure and the board statement 11 Water resources management 14 Targets setting and review mechanism 15 Communication with stakeholders 17 Identification of material issues 19 (I) Product health and food safety 21 (II) Product and technological innovation 28 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing and promotion 31 (IV) Customer services and privacy protection 35 (V) Supply chain management 42 (VI) Promoting governance and integrity 48 (I) Equal employment 56 (II) Staff remuneration and benefit 57 (III) Staff management 59 (IV) Staff communication and care 63 (V) Staff training and development 67 (VI) Occupational health and safety production 75 (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 83 (II) Green and lowcarbon development 89 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 106 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 110 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 116 (VI) Protection of ecosystem and biodiversity 125 (VII) Education of environmental protection 126 (I) Supporting employment and revitalizing rural areas 127 (II) Dedication to community investment and education promotion 128 (III) Building CR Hope Town 129 (IV) Green Finance 129 Verification Statement 130 C 2 Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange setout in the appendix C 2 of the main board rules governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 132 About this Report Foreword Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Verification Statement Appendix Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 4 Social Responsibility
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED C 2 (Global Reporting Initiative, GRI) GRI 2021 The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The Group has engaged an independent team of thirdparty consultants to assist in reviewing the list of material issues. The identification process and updated analysis results have been presented in the section headed Identification of Material Issues. 100 Each department of the Group coordinates to collect and record the key performance data regarding the environment and the society in hope of presenting the Group's performance in the environmental and social key performance indicators ( KPIs ) through quantified data. Part of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In individual cases, the sum of these percentage changes may not be 100. Please refer to the related sections for the relevant scope, measurement standards and methods. The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Unless stated otherwise, the data disclosed in the Report has been under statistical analysis based on the Group's standardized information collection process and working mechanism, thereby the relevant data statistical approach remains consistent with the assumptions made during preparation of the Report, to ensure yeartoyear comparison of the data. Materiality Balance Quantitative Consistency ABOUT THIS REPORT OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (the reporting period, FY 2023, or 2023 ). For more information relating to the Group's business and its corporate governance practices, please refer to the Group's 2023 Annual Report. BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix C 2 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and with reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards 2021 ). The Report is prepared inaccordance with the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency of the Listing Rules
3 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG www. crbeer. com. hk 26 23 2301 & 2310 (852) 2360 9722 (852) 2874 0280 info crb. cn www. crbeer. com. hk ir crb. cn SCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group's headquarters aswell as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. This year's ESG report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2023. On 10 January 2023 (the Completion Date ), the Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ), and Guizhou Jinsha has become an indirect nonwholly owned subsidiary of the Group since the Completion Date and was under the management of CRWH s baijiu business segment. As a result, the information of Guizhou Jinsha in 2023 has been collected, reviewed and included in the reporting scope of this year's ESG report in accordance with the relevant systems, but the information for the same period in 2022 cannot be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the eighth annual Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company's commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group's performance on sustainable ESG development in 2023 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders. PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. We identify and assess the materiality of the ESG topics related to the Group through regular communication with our major stakeholders, on the basis of which the scope of the Report is defined. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports, financial reports and Shared Service Centers of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. crbeer. com. hk. If there is any inconsistency among these versions, the Traditional Chinese version shall prevail. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. CONTACT Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F, China Resources Building, No. 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel. (852) 2360 9722 Fax (852) 2874 0280 Email info crb. cn Website www. crbeer. com. hk INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES Email ir crb. cn For identification purpose(s) only
4 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG FOREWORD ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our cooperative partners and to generate longterm returns to our shareholders. We target to bring green and harmonious development to the environment and the society, and to motivate and fulfill people's pursuit of better life. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrialleading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. CR Beer proactively advances the strategic development of Winning at Premiumization, firmly implements the vision of becoming the leader of the new world of the beer industry, continuously consolidates core competitiveness, and promotes product premiumization. The Group also explores the baijiu market and firmly promotes the dual empowerment model of beer baijiu businesses and baijiu baijiu mutual growth. The Group will continue to move forward to the great vision of becoming a worldclass alcoholic beverage enterprise. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of the Group is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. Therefore, we pay close attention to and actively respond to the expectations of all stakeholders and strive to build a healthy business ecosystem. The Group's beer business actively diversifies its product portfolio of domestic brands international brands, offering highquality beer, and advocates rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. In addition, the Group maintains its investment in brand building that is above the industry level, constructs various beer consumption scenarios, attracts more young consumers by providing creative consumption experiences, to enhance premium beer brand image.
5 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Employees are the most valuable asset of an enterprise. The Group cares about the physical and mental health as well as career development of our employees, and strives to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. The Group attaches great importance to safe production, always adheres to the occupational health and safety work management concept of peopleoriented, safe development, and pursues the direction of zero injury, zero accident to implement management details. The Group is committed to promoting the healthy development of China's beer and baijiu industrial chain. For this purpose, we have been actively empowering upstream suppliers and downstream channel partners. Through strategic actions such as establishing starrated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and supporting Jinsha red sorghum cultivation, and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of the industries. We always put environmental responsibility in mind and have established astrict environmental management system with a focus on green production, energy saving and emission reduction. The Group incorporates green and lowcarbon development into its corporate development strategy and continues to promote the development of green factories. In 2023, the Group officially initiated the construction of Carbonneutral Plant and expected to complete the construction for at least two Carbonneutral Plants and obtained the certification by the end of 2024, to respond to the state's carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality policy. As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group cares about the society and is enthusiastic about public welfare. The Group is committed to making our part of contribution to the harmonious development of society and the improvement of social wellbeing by supporting employment, revitalizing rural areas, being enthusiastic about public welfare, promoting education and building CR Hope Towns. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. Only by doing so can we advance the Group to become a corporate citizen widely respected by society, and achieve sustainable development, moving towards tobe a worldclass alcoholic beverage enterprise. 2
6 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report OVERVIEW OF 2023 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT Governance EHS ESG To effectively enhance the level of sustainable development, the Group has established an ESG Task Force comprising the Board Office, the Institute of technology, and the EHS Department. ESG ESG On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Nonexecutive Directors and two Nonexecutive Directors of the Group visited Dongguan Factory, the ESG management of which was highly recognized. 1, 000 ESG 26 ESG ESG More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders were invited to rank the materiality of ESG areas for the year, with 26 ESG topics being selected as most relevant to the Company's ESG management. ESG Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency has performed a limited assurance engagement on the disclosures stated in the ESG Report of CR Beer for the second consecutive year. 2 2. 5 171 1. 8 Commission for Discipline Inspection held two companywide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 managementlevel employees; held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. 2023 23 CR Beer was awarded the Directors Of The Year Awards 2023 (Listed Companies Boards) by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors. The Company is the first listed company to receive the award for two consecutive years in the past 23 years, showcasing the outstanding performance of the Board of the Company in practicing and enhancing corporate governance. Social FSSC 22000 ISO HACCP 95 The quality and food safety management system of the Group passed a total of 95 international systems certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. 20 The Group won the 20 th China Quality Award, known as China's Quality Oscar, and became the first beer company to win this award in the past 20 years. 214, 774, 484 588 175 The research and development investment has amounted to RMB 214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 people, and the number of invention patents recorded a yearonyear increase of 175. 11 87 Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints received about defective beer products decreased significantly by 11 yearonyear; the customer satisfaction survey score for defective product complaint handling improved to 87 points. All beer and baijiu products passed both exfactory quality tests and the spot tests under national supervision. All beer and baijiu products were incompliance with the industrial and national standard. Continued to revitalize China's malting barley industry and launched a Red Sorghum Planting Project for the baijiu business.
7 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Social 266. 5 During the reporting period, the Group's total funds for social welfare undertakings (including equivalent amount of donation inkind) amounted to RMB 2. 665 million. 120, 000, 000 The Group actively supports green finance and participated Mitsubishi UFJ Bank's Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB 120, 000, 000 during the reporting period. 35. 5 890 The average training hours and training investment were 35. 5 hours and RMB 890 per employee, respectively. The Group takes Zero Injury, Zero Incident as its management target and has setup a safe production target of zero workrelated fatalities, and the number of workrelated fatalities has been zero for four consecutive years. 61 27 ISO 45001 61 plants have passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization, and 27 plants have obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification. 42. 6 53, 215 23, 799 Approximately 426 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided, covering 53, 215 employees and 23, 799 suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related parties. 117 44 117 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities. Cooperations with 44 suppliers were proactively terminated and blacklisted by the Group after review. 547 118 ISO 45001 18001 424 HACCP ISO 9001 547 core suppliers of production materials have been reviewed, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certifications in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO 45001 18001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certifications in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO 9001 or equivalent standards. 56 90 6. 4 37 Digital coverage rate increased to 56, the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources ticketing service improved by 37. Environmental 9 5 9 plants were awarded with the title of Provincial Green Plant, of which 5 plants were also awarded with the title of National Green Plant. 2 CR Beer Carbon Neutral R&D Center was established with a plan to complete the construction of at least two Carbonneutral Plant and obtain certification by the end of 2024. TCFD 1 2 A climate scenario analysis was conducted inaccordance based on TCFD recommendation and two most significant physical risks were identified, including 1) water scarcity; 2) extreme heat, which help integrate climaterelated opportunities and risk factors into the Group's overall strategy.
8 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Environmental 1 2 806 5. 2 1 2 13 The total greenhouse gas emission (scope 1 2) was 806 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent, decreasing by 5. 2 yearonyear. Regardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group's beer business recorded a yearonyear decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2). 0. 0193 157. 4 0. 6 The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit of beer business was 0. 0193 tonnes of standard coal per kilolitre output (or 157. 4 k Wh per kilolitre output), decreasing by 0. 6 yearonyear. EHS Two indicators were added into the EHS Responsibility Statement carbon emissions (Scope 1 Scope 2) per unit of output, and the ratio of clean energy to total electricity consumption. 21 100 12. 38 15 21 plants participated in the purchase of green electricity, and some of which have achieved 100 green electricity usage. The cumulative use of green electricity in the beer business accounted for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption, and the longterm goal thereof is to exceed 15. 38 13. 2 3, 517 38 plants have equipped with biogas boilers, converting about 132, 000 tonnes of steam for production energy use in plants and saving about RMB 35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. 4 22. 5 869 24 4 plants have setup photovoltaic power generation and energy storage which are of a total installed capacity of 22. 5 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 8. 69 million k Wh during the year. The Group is promoting photovoltaic project cooperation with the first batch of 24 plants. 11, 940 Green logistics increased the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in longdistance freight transportation, achieving emission reduction of 11, 940 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent. 104, 938 15, 538 Green office replaced 104, 938 meetings from offline to online and reduced number offline reimbursement bills by 15, 538. 100 Circular economy 100 recycling rate of spent grains, spent yeasts and spent yeast grass. 100 Green packaging Among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials, and the green packaging procurement rate of bottles caps and cartons has reached 100. 5. 97 106. 9 4, 488 New glass bottles procured by the Group decreased by 5. 97 yearonyear, while 10. 69 billion glass bottles were recycled, with a decrease in use of glass of approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes throughout the year. (SO 2) (NOX) 8. 6 10. 2 Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 8. 6 and 10. 2, respectively, overlast year. 5 5 plants were awarded with the title of provincial Watersaving Benchmarking Enterprise, and Wuhan Plant was awarded with the title of national Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, which marks the highest honor in domestic manufacturing sector. 1. 9 27. 8 24. 1 The amount of new water used and groundwater withdrawal decreased by 1. 9 and 27. 8 yearonyear, respectively, and the groundwater consumption intensity per unit decreased by 24. 1 yearonyear. 16 16 plants had implemented negotiated discharging limit with municipal sewage treatment facilities.
9 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report MAJOR AWARDS AND HONORS Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature 2023 Environmental Social and Governance Awards 2023 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CAPITAL Market performance 2023 ESG 2023 Forbes China ESG Innovative Enterprise Selection China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Forbes China Market performance The 20 th China Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Starlevel Workplace China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Tibet Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (Tibet) Co., Ltd. Market Supervision Department of the Autonomous Region Food quality and food safety 53 vol Wine Body Design Award (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China Alcoholic Drinks Association Food quality and food safety 53 vol Iconic Products of Flavor Food with Chinese Characteristics (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China National Food Industry Association Food quality and food safety 2022 23 Caring Company Scheme 2022 23 Certificate for the Caring Company Logo China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Hong Kong Council of Social Service Social responsibilities Stateowned Enterprise Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council Technological innovation National Green Plant Plants in Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Qiannan, Xindu and Heilongjiang Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China Green and environmental protection
10 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature Provincial Green Plant Plants in Hebei, Neijiang, Qiandongnan and Baoshan Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology Green and environmental protection National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise Plant in Wuhan China Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Water Resources, General Administration of Market Regulation Green and environmental protection Provincial Watersaving Benchmarking Enterprise Plants in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan Provincial Department of Water Resources, Provincial Development and Reform Commission, Provincial Department of Transportation, Provincial Government Offices Administration, etc. Green and environmental protection CSTD CSTD China Enterprise Talent Development Lighthouse Enterprise Model Award China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedCSTD CSTD China Enterprise Talent Development Lighthouse Summit Talent training CSTD CSTD the 7 th Enterprise Learning and Design Competition National Lighthouse Project Award China Resources Snow Cyclone Plan National Sales Foster ProjectCSTD CSTD China Enterprise Talent Development Lighthouse Summit Talent training 2023 2023 China Enterprise Benchmarking Learning Platform Best Value Creation Practice China Resources Beer Learning and Innovation Center China Center for International Educational Exchange, Shanghai Jiaotong University, etc. Talent training Excellent Case of National Healthy Enterprise Development Plant in Songshanhu General Office of the National Health Commission Occupational Health Provincial Healthy Enterprise Plant in Qinghuangdao Provincial Health Commission Occupational Health
11 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report e ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS ESG ESG ESG ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, the Group consolidates the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improves its own management standard, strive to provide highquality products to and creates value for customers, and promotes corporate sustainable development. Meanwhile, as one of the leading alcoholic beverage enterprises in China, the Group proactively fulfills its corporate social responsibility, makes contribution to various aspects such as social economy, community and environment, and promotes the sustainable development of the society and the state. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding corporate ESG management, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group's ESG strategy and the results presented in this report. The board of directors hold semiannual meetings with the senior management regularly or special meetings when necessary, to achieve the following ESG management matters The Board is responsible for supervising and approving the sustainable development strategy of the Group, including the 14 th Five Year Plan for EHS management, the Carbon Peak Action Plan, water resource management objectives, etc., to ensure that the Group is moving towards sustainable development. The Board supervises the Group's annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Business and related risks. The Board oversees and reviews the Group's communication with stakeholders and the identification and assessment results of ESG material issues. The Board monitors and reviews the progress of the Group's ESG targets and environmental management policies and strategies. The Board supervises the Group and its various work levels (decisionmaking level, supervision level and execution level) to implement various actions according to the work plan.
12 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, at the committee level, the Audit Committee hold semiannual meetings, in which ESGrelated business risks would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. Through the Group's three lines of defense risk management structure, the Audit Committee supervises the ESG risk management of the business as well as the implementation of related actions with timely guidance and suggestions provided. On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Nonexecutive Directors and two Nonexecutive Directors of the Group visited our factory in Dongguan. Accompanied by the frontline staff and management for ESG management of the factory, the delegation visited production and key management areas for environmental protection such as sewage outlets, saccharification workshop and brewing centralized control room. The ESG management of the factory was highly recognized by the delegation. The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, aswell as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The Group has also established an allround mechanism on identification of environmental and social risk, management and control and response based on the objective environment and our own situation, and promoted the corporate sustainable development through a number of activities such as system settings, daily monitoring, data collection and information disclosure to carried out its undertakings to various stakeholders. To effectively enhance the level of sustainable development and ESG management of CR Beer, the Group has established an ESG Task Force comprising the Board Office, the CRB Institute of Technology and the Environmental Health and Safety Department, and organized the first meeting of the ESG Task Force of China Resources Beer for 2023 in the morning of 10 October 2023. The ESG Task Force is mainly responsible for participating in the formulation of mediumand longterm ESG goals in line with the Company's strategy and specifying the implementation approaches, implementation steps and resource investment; undertaking ESG projects involved multidepartmental efforts, training and research and learning related to ESG and carbon management; specifying the ESG management plans; and participating in ESG information disclosure, report compilation and the annual management meeting of ESG for listed companies. ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG
13 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level The board To monitor the Company's assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue on the Company's business model To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESGrelated targets and indicators To review and monitor environmental management policies and strategies Decisionmaking level The senior management ESG To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies and targets To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG To facilitate topdown ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branches Set out below is the functional settings, specific duties and responsibilities of the Group's ESG management
14 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities Supervision level Responsible persons from various functional departments and branches To implement resolutions and report working situation to the decisionmaking level ESG To conduct researches on actual tasks according to the overall ESG strategy and direction To assign relevant working groups to implement the tasks To suggest work improvement for the coming year to the decision making level Execution level Working groups of various functional departments and regional companies To complete assigned tasks within own functions in accordance with the direction set by the supervision level To collect, organize and report relevant information on a regular basis To make timely feedback of practical working situation and make recommendations on the implementation of tasks To be responsible for dissemination of internal information EHS WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT The President and Vice President of the Company is responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management, including CRB Institute of Technology, Procurement Management Center, Operation Center, Production Center, EHS Department, Risk Management and Internal Control Department, etc. Upon the gradual adjustment of organizational structure, it is clarified that the Group's water resources management strategy and performance have been directly responsible and coordinated by the Production Center in Headquarters, and the results are regularly reported to the President of the Company.
15 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the latest requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C 2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group had formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its development strategies since 2021. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and its actual business conditions, the Group had formulated its EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan. Taking 2020 as the base year, 12 specific targets for ESG management in the next five years has been formulated, which have been reviewed and approved by the Board. Departments such as the EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the President. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. According to the CRH EHS Responsibility Management Measures and CRH EHS Annual Assessment and Evaluation Measures, the main person in charge of enterprises at all levels of the Group is the primarily responsible person for EHS issues and is fully responsible for the implementation of the Company's EHS main responsibility. The scope of assessment and evaluation includes production safety, environmental protection, occupational health, carbon emission management, food quality and safety, etc. The relevant ESG performance of the Group has been linked to the compensation of the management team. By establishing an EHS incentive mechanisms, formulating assessment methods with rewards and punishments specified, the Group is able to achieve and decompose EHS indicators for better implementation. The Group regularly assesses and evaluates the EHS work of business units aswell as the completion of target tasks, the assessment results of which are included in the performance contract. The Group commends and rewards organizations and individuals that have achieved outstanding EHS performance or that have made important contributions to the improvement of EHS management standards. However, those who commit with dereliction of EHS duty shall accept punishment in accordance with EHS assessment standards and relevant systems to prevent the reoccurrence of similar incident. 2030 2060 C 2 EHS ESG 12 EHS ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS
16 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS Unit 2025 Targets (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (including Guizhou Jinsha)2020 Baseline Changes in 2023 vs. 2020 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)Changes in 2023 vs. 2020 (including Guizhou Jinsha) 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1 Tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 019 0. 021 0. 021 8 0 3 Water consumption intensity per unit 3 Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 68 2. 77 2. 80 2. 69 3 4 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions 21, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent 825 740 806 914 19 12 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 2 Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 068 0. 074 0. 084 18 11 (SO 2) Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) Tonnes 20 8 8 23 65 64 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 100 60 60 117 49 49 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 100 100 100 100 Recycling rate of dried spent yeast 100 100 100 100 4 Social (4 items) Average training hours per employee Hours 36. 1 39. 5 35. 5 29. 3 35 21 Total training hours of employees Thousand hours 866 938 966 779 20 24 Average training cost per employee RMB 426 1, 020 890 341 199 161 Number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 0 0 Targets set in the Group's EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan are as below
17 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People's Republic of China ( PRC ). 2. The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines of CR Beer. To enhance accuracy, the calculation method has been updated in 2023 with reference to the Notice on the Management of Greenhouse Gas Emission Reporting of Enterprises in the Power Generation Industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial), and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. 3. Due to the Company's rapid premiumization development, changing consumer demand and adjusting process technology of premium product, the Group has moderated its 2025 target on water consumption intensity per unit of its beer business to 2. 68 cubic metres kilolitre output, which is lower than the baseline of 2. 69 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2020. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group's business management and development. We communicate regularly with stakeholders to understand their opinions on the related ESG issues. Based on our own industry background and the influence scope of the sustainable development, we selectively identified the following stakeholders the government and regulatory authorities, shareholders, consumers, staff, suppliers and partners, industry associations and the community, and understand their expectations towards, and feedback on the Group's sustainable development through the following communication means so as to improve the Group's operation and practices correspondingly. 1. 2. 2023 2025 3. 2. 68 2. 69 ESG
18 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline and online smart customer service system Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services
19 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG Relevant Requirements of Domestic and International Social Responsibility Standards Corporate Strategies and Operating Highlights Corporate Social Responsibility Management Requirements Stakeholders Analysis Agenda of Social Responsibility 1, 000 ESG (SASB) ESG ESG 26 ESG IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. Incompliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to CR Beer's Financial Position and Enterprise Value and Materiality to CR Beer's Environmental and Social Impact, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. During the year, the Group engaged an independent thirdparty consultant team to review, analyze and present a list of material topics through communication with stakeholders via questionnaires. More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders participated to rank the materiality of ESG topics. During the materiality analysis, after referring to the Sustainability Accounting Standard for the Alcoholic Beverages industry prepared by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the ESG disclosure by beer and baijiu peers, the communication with the Group's management and ESG related department, 26 ESG topics were selected as the most relevant to the Group's ESG management, presenting a more accurate classification. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material topic in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring.
20 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1 Employee Remuneration and Bene f its 2 Labour Sta ndards an d Labour Relat ions 3 Product Quality and Food Safety Management 4 Corporate Governance and Risk Management 5 Integrity, Compliance & Business Ethics 6 Employee Training and Developm ent 7 Employee Com municatio n 8 Human right, Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 9 Occupational Health and Safety 10 Empowering Retailers & Distributors 11 Supply Chain Management 12 Increasing Revenue and Return 19111082 913 Materiality to CR Beer's Environmental and Social Impact Materiality to CR Beer's Financial Position and Enterprise Value High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 13 Product and Technological Innovation 14 Environmental Compliance 15 Customer Services 16 Data Security and Privacy Protection 17 Water & Wastewater Management 18 Waste & Hazardous Materials Management 19 Energy Management 20 Responsible Marketing 21 Circular Economy 22 Advoca ting Local Sourcing, Production and Sales 23 Green Packaging 24 Mitigating or Adapting to Climate Change 25 GHG Emissions 26 Advocating Rational Drinking 4 5 6712 1314 151617 18 2021 22 23 262425 Materiality Matrix and Table of All Stakeholders
21 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES As a member of the food industry, the Group deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise's success. The Group strictly controls the safety and quality of food to provide beer and baijiu products of the best quality in the market to customers. The Group makes innovation actively, protects intellectual property rights, and leads the industry to meet evolving market needs. The Group also encourages consumers to drink rationally to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. (I) PRODUCT HEALTH AND FOOD SAFETY Over along time, food safety and quality management are at the core of our operation management. The Group observes strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the People's Republic of China on product quality, food safety, food labelling standards, consumer rights protection, etc., such as the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Consumer Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Provisions on the Administration of Food Labeling, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Foodrelated Products, the Import and Export Food Safety Management Measures, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Product Anticounterfeiting, the National Food Safety Standards General Principles for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food, etc. In 2023, the Group organized and launched the Food Safety Risk Grading and Control Project to carry out risk assessment at key nodes under the concept of fullchain control from field to dining table. To this end, the Group formulated and issued the internal Food Safety Management Regulations, Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents, Food Recall Management Measures and Food Safety Risk Control Guidelines for CR Beer, aswell as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents and the CRWH Measures on the Management of Selfinspection on Food Safety for the baijiu business, further enhancing its responsibility system and system construction to ensure food safety and quality compliance management.
22 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Group established the CR Beer Food Safety Risk Assessment Working Group, organizing all assessed units of CRSB to carry out selfassessment of food safety risk management and control, and conducted random checks on the units of Shenyang Plant, Liaoning Marketing Center, Hebei Plant, Tianjin Marketing Center, Chengdu Plant, Sichuan Marketing Center, Nanjing Plant, Jiangsu Marketing Center, Zhengzhou Plant, Henan Marketing Center, Wuhan Plant, and Hubei Marketing Center. In addition, the Group launched the evaluation of food safety risk control. System Accreditation and Standard Setting To realize onestop management and achieve manufacturing excellence, the two major business lines of the Group beer and baijiu have respectively built their own unique quality and food safety management systems. China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. ( CRSB ) has created a CRSBfeatured quality and food safety management system (short as Snow MS QFS System). On the basis of 24 elements of Snow MS QFS System, the Group established a unified system maturity evaluation model that combined with the quality management requirements of CRSB, consolidating the quality and food safety management system through internal audit, preexamination assistance, supervision and certification audit, etc. In 2023, Snow MS QFS System has passed 95 international system certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO, and HACCP. Guizhou Jinsha, a subsidiary of China Resources Wine Holdings Co., Ltd. ( CRWH ), has also made significant progress in quality management, and has successfully passed the certifications of Quality Management System (ISO 9000), Environmental Management System (ISO 14001), Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP), Occupational Health and Safety Management System (ISO 145001), Energy Management System (ISO 15001), and Measurement Management System (GB T 190222003 ISO 10012), which are all certified by the CQA Quality Assurance Center. In 2023, we continued to optimize the Group's dual empowerment model for beer and baijiu businesses. In order to further enhance the management of the Group's baijiu business, we followed the national standards and industry regulations for baijiu and issued internal policies and management systems for the baijiu business, such as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, and the CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents. By combining the operating experience and management system from the beer business, we have further optimized and enhanced our ability to operate the baijiu business, aiming to achieve a governance pattern characterized by professionalism and management specialization in the baijiu business. SnowMS QFS SnowMS QFS 24 FSSC 22000 ISO HACCP 95 (ISO 9000) (ISO 14001) (HACCP) (ISO 145001) (ISO 15001) (GB T 190222003 ISO 10012)
23 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Moreover, the Group has established a comprehensive database of quality and food safety regulations which is updated timely. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmark against national standards and industry standards intensively. The Group has been improving the construction of technical quality standards for baijiu and beer in combination with its business requirements of secondary organizational transformation, and reviewing the standards from the four dimensions of regulation, technology, logic, and time. In 2023, 105 standards were revised and 136 standards were formulated for the beer business, while 35 new quality standards were added and 12 food safety management systems were revised for the baijiu business. At the same time, the Group also conducted training, assessment, and spot checks on relevant personnel to ensure the effective implementation of the standards. To ensure that managers and employees at all levels have a full understanding of food safety systems and standards, in 2023, the Group organized all food safety management staff of its subsidiaries to participate in special food safety training, and to learn the Interpretation of the Administrative Measures for Food Business Licensing and Filing, Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises, Measures for the Administration of Supervision and Inspection of Food Production and Operation, and other laws and regulations. The Group completed the training of the State Administration of Market Supervision on the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises (Decree No. 60 of the State Administration of Market Supervision) and the Interpretation of the Administrative Measures for Food Business Licensing and Filing (Decree No. 79 of the State Administration of Market Supervision), issued a supplementary notice on the implementation of the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises to further standardize the appointment of food safety directors and food safety officers, aswell as the format and filing requirements of the daily control, weekly investigation and monthly adjustment records of food safety. The Group issued the Notice on the Publication of Typical Food Safety Violations and Launching of Alert Activities, providing training for all employees on learning from food safety warning cases. In 2023, the Group organized the examination on the capabilities of food safety management personnel by itself. 224 employees from CR Beer passed the examination and were awarded the food safety management capability certificate. 105 136 35 12 60 79 224
24 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Production Material and Raw Material Security In order to cope with the risks in the supply chain of imported beer barley, ensure the safety of beer raw materials, and revitalize China's beer barley industry, the Group has launched an interdepartmental project entitled Research on Quality Improvement of Domestic Beer Barley and Quality Assurance System for Planting and Production. Through indepth communication with government departments, industry associations, scientific research institutes, universities and colleges, upstream and downstream enterprises, aswell as onsite investigation and analysis of the breeding, planting, and production sites of domestic beer barley, the Group was able to carry out relevant exploration and practice in terms of supply chain strategic cooperation, new variety research and development testing, and application and promotion of national barley, and was awarded the China Alcoholic Drinks ESG 2022 Excellent Social Welfare Case by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association. The Group plans to promote the establishment of a pilot base for the standardized cultivation and production of domestic barley by 2025, setup comprehensive testing and evaluation standards for new domestic beer barley varieties, and establish a set of highstandard quality control technology system for the entire process of domestic beer barley cultivation and production. In order to strengthen the supply of baijiu raw materials, the Group officially launched a Red Sorghum Planting Project in the end of 2023. By establishing strategic cooperation with the Jinsha County Government, we shall build an exclusive planting base, procure raw materials locally, and set up QR code monitoring, to achieve 100 traceability of the source of raw materials for sauceflavored baijiu and manage fullprocess food safety risks of baijiu product. In addition, the Group has set relevant requirements from seed selection to field management, and has imposed restrictions on the use of pesticides in pursuit of natural, organic, and healthy raw materials to improve the quality of its baijiu products at source. Quality Management of Incoming Raw Materials At the sourcing stage, in order to ensure that the purchased materials meet the quality standards, the Group's beer business has setup a threegate system, whereby the headquarters, regions, and factories jointly conduct management and control. The headquarters assesses the risk of suppliers and stops supplying goods when there is a risk to ensure that the standards are met; before the suppliers deliver the goods, the regions carry out onsite potential inspections to ensure that unqualified products will not be delivered; and the factories carry out inspections at the time of the materials entering the factory. The materials are also checked when entering the factory in the baijiu business. ESG 2022 100
25 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group has continued to carry out food safety risk assessment on the cooperative production and marketing business between factories and distributors and organized the CRSB Purchasing Center and the Production Center to hold athematic seminar on the supplier type inspection report, so as to set out standard requirements for the quality of the supplier type inspection. In terms of Baijiu business, Guizhou Jinsha employs a professional thirdparty organization with laboratory qualifications, such as the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) every year to rigorously spot check the procured materials for baijiu production according to the destinated food safety indexes. In 2023, the beer business sampled 190 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, food additives, bottle washing agents, and beer packaging materials, with 233 samples and 7, 741 test indexes; Guizhou Jinsha sampled 63 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, and baijiu packaging materials were sampled, with 70 samples and 846 test indexes. The test results all met the requirements of national standards on food safety, effectively ensuring the food safety of the production materials used in the Group's beer and baijiu businesses. Quality Management in the Production Process CRSB has formulated the 4 ACCP technical specification, unified the analysis steps and methods of key control points in quality and food safety, standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure, and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specifications. The 4 ACCP Control Plan is a control plan developed for the key control points of quality and food safety, which analyzes from the four aspects, i. e. food safety, food fraud, food threat and quality risk, determines key control points and critical limits, develops a control plan, and regularly monitors the implementation of control plan. (CNAS) 190 233 7, 741 63 70 846 4 ACCP 4 ACCP
26 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report To maintain quality control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. The Group has continued to carry out the construction of a Snow Star Good Laboratory Practice covering the whole process of beer production such as raw material entry, process monitoring and finished product inspection, and continued to carry out internal and external verification and benchmarking to improve management level of the laboratory. During 2023, the verification and benchmark of Snow Star embraced beer, malt and hops, anda total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 24 supplier laboratories were verified to improve the inspection and testing capabilities. In addition, the Group formulated and strictly followed the internal Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a threetier inspection system comprising selfinspection, mutual inspection, and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. By implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience of food tracking. The Group has established a threetier team of beer tasters at headquarters, regional companies, and plants respectively. As of the end of 2023, the Group has a firstclass team of beer tasters in China with a total of 37 nationallevel judges, 4 of which are lifetime honorary judges; 2 nationallevel judges and 8 provinciallevel judges for the baijiu business, 5 of which were awarded provincial Technical Masters. In addition, Guizhou Jinsha has set up a baijiu tasting committee and has realized sensory quality control over the entire production process of semifinished and finished products. Quality Management of Products on the Market In 2023, all beer products of the Group passed both the exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all beer products were in compliance with the industrial and national standards of Beer. The total oxygen content of the product was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. In addition, all baijiu products of the Group have passed both the exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all baijiu products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of GB T 267602011 sauceflavored Baijiu. All the test indicators of the finished products conformed to the standard of excellent sauceflavored baijiu. 68 24 STTS (Snow track and trace system) QR DM 37 4 2 8 5 (40 ppb) GB T 267602011
27 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, there were no major food safety incidents, food recalls, or problematic food handling incidents in the Group's beer and baijiu businesses, protecting the legitimate rights and interests of consumers and maintaining the bottom line of zero food safety incidents. The Group sets up three lines of defense approach at the product result stage, i. e. stringent quality control when products leave the factory, stringent protection checks on products, and support from quality personnel in the event of quality complaints in the market. The Group always pursues quality stability throughout the supply chain, from supplier evaluation to product delivery, with high standards of food safety and quality management to drive the highquality development of beer and baijiu. The Group also extends its quality management to downstream by organizing regular training for logistics providers and distributors of its beer and baijiu businesses, empowering them with quality protection of finished alcoholic drinks and reducing transportation damages. In 2023, the Group's organized the 3. 15 Rights Day Activity and conducted publicity and education on food safety to protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. In addition, the EHS Department and the Snow Production Technology Center jointly launched the Food Safety Management Audit for the year, which mainly inspected fresh beer, PET bottles, keg beers, and other types of beers, and set up and assessed production qualifications, contracting methods, raw material procurement, health of personnel, external inspection of products and information publicity, etc., and followed upon rectification and implementation of rectification, to ensure that the main responsibility for food safety of the enterprise was fulfilled. The Group not only adheres to strict selfdiscipline and requires employees to implement relevant food safety systems with high standards, but also extends risk management and control to suppliers, onsite related parties, outsourced business partners, etc. Through realtime intelligent monitoring, onsite random inspection, special training, strict assessment, warning conference and other methods, we are able to raise food safety awareness of employees, suppliers, related parties and outsourcers. We conduct effective management and do not tolerate blind spots in any aspect of raw material procurement, brewing process, packaging and delivery, to safeguard the bottom line of food safety of full value chain. 3. 15 EHS PET
28 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION To satisfy the everchanging needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law, the Group has carried out intellectual property application, maintenance and rights protection work. To improve the management of intellectual property, the Group has timely amended and published the Regulations for the Administration of Intellectual Property Rights, the Measures for the Administration of Intellectual Property Transactions, the Guidelines on Anticounterfeit and Rights Protection of Trademark, and the Guidelines on Collection of Evidence for Use of Trademark, and completed the publicity of the intellectual property system in order to promote the standardization and efficiency of the Group's intellectual property management system. To drive continuous innovation and standardized management, in 2023, the Group formulated 3 new systems, namely the Management System for the Transformation of Scientific and Technological Achievements, the Measures for the Management of Participation in External International Standards, National Standards, Industry Standards, and Group Standards, and the Management Measures for Scientific Research Archives; revised 4 systems, namely the Incentive Measures for Innovation Achievements, the CR Beer Management Measures for the Identification of Scientific and Technological Talents, the Measures for the Management of Expert Consultation and the Measures for the Management of R&D Projects. Each plant and Jinsha Jiuye has formulated its own Measures for the Management of R&D Projects, covering innovation elements such as outcomes, standards, archives, incentives, talents, experts, and projects. In 2023, China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. conducted supervision and review of its intellectual property management concerning beer packaging design, beer production process research and development, and beer sales within its qualification scope, ensuring continuous compliance with the national standard GB T 294902013. The Group conducted multiple sessions of patent mining training and guidance in 2023, resulting in a 175 increase in the number of invention patents compared to 2022, thereby facilitating the development of highvalue patents. GB T 294902013 175
29 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 214, 774, 484 588 4 R 1 D 4 4 207 650 The CRB Institute of Technology of the Group actively organized innovation and empowerment training. In 2023, the Product Quality Innovation Workshop a thematic seminar titled Product Quality Stability and Consistency Enhancement was held. Through quality control empowerment and group discussions, solutions were developed to address pain points and challenges affecting product quality in R&D, procurement, production, operations, and marketing. Cuttingedge technology empowerment system training activities were held periodically, such as Patent Application Training, CRSB Dual Carbon Policy and Application Scenario of CR Beer, Knowledge Service and Open Source Intelligence Service, Intelligent Factory Construction under the Background of Digital Transformation, Invention and Patent Writing, Analysis of Patent Trend and Patent Mining Theme Training in the Brewing Industry, Specialized Training on Deduction for R&D, and Specialized Training on Management of R&D Projects, etc., to foster a culture of technological innovation. In 2023, the Group actively promoted independent research and development projects such as new product development, sustainable development, smart factory project, research on key flavor substances, brewing technology upgrades, and packaging diversification. The Group's research and development investment on these projects has amounted to RMB 214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 professionals. In respect of the establishment of a green and lowcarbon product development mechanism, the Group actively promoted research on packaging weight reduction and carbon reduction. In 2023, the Group's CRB Institute of Technology took 4 R 1 D (Recycle, Recover, Reduce, Reuse, Degradable) as the basic principle of its research and launched green and sustainable development research. During the year, it completed 4 surveys and published 4 publications of the Green Innovative Packaging Report, completed the formulation of the standards for the 207 mL and 650 mL lightweight bottles, started to carry out equipment modification, and launched feasibility studies and economic estimations on the activation of the lightweight bottles of Chinese branded products. At the same time, the Group proactively promoted the substitution of lowcarbon raw materials for beer production. Currently, it has completed simulated production tests, simulated circulation tests, summarized evaluation experience, visited suppliers, and summarized analysis.
30 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In terms of new product development, the Group's beer business officially launched the new product Heineken 0. 0 beer in China in May 2023. While providing consumers with starrated quality products, it also actively promotes a healthy and trendy lifestyle. Heineken 0. 0 is a pure 0. 0 vol beer for young people. It is brewed with a unique formula, with an alcohol content of less than 0. 03 vol, but innovatively retains the signature Heineken whole barley taste, providing an additional healthy choice for young people who prefer the taste of pure beer and pursue a healthy and balanced lifestyle. The Group's baijiu business has also continued to promote product iteration and brand image enhancement and launched the product Zhaiyao Jingzhi for corporate customers, aswell as the differentiated small and unpackaged product Jinsha Xiaojiang, to cultivate a sauceflavored taste among young consumers. The Group has always been committed to new product development to better meet the dual needs of consumers for health and quality, bringing more healthy and tasty choices to the market. In 2023, the Group's Snow and Jinsha were both recognized as Chinese Timehonored Brand by the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the Administration for Market Regulation, the China National Intellectual Property Administration and the National Cultural Heritage Administration, which effectively increased the value of the Company's intangible assets. In addition, as of December 2023, the Group had a total of 2, 518 internationally registered trademarks covering more than 150 countries and regions, of which the core brands of SNOW, Brave the World and Opera Mask basically achieved global coverage. New brands such as Marrsgreen, Brave the World superX, New Opera Mask and Craftsmanship have already covered major economically developed countries and regions in the world. In 2023, the Group promoted the transfer and centralization of regional intellectual property management functions to the headquarters, completed the handover of information and files on intellectual property affairs in 13 regions, and comprehensively commenced the collection of evidence and annual renewal of registered trademarks in respect of pending cases, key brand use and registration in the regions, so as to ensure orderly convergence and to strengthen the Group's intellectual property protection collaboration and sharing of service management resources. 0. 0 0. 0 0. 0 vol 0. 03 vol 2, 518 150 (SNOW) superX 13
31 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) ADVOCATING RATIONAL DRINKING AND RESPONSIBLE MARKETING AND PROMOTION As a beer manufacturer with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the national advocation of rational drinking and promotes a healthy and edified lifestyle, ensuring fair, reliable, and responsible marketing information. The Group strictly abides by the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, Interim Measures for the Administration of Internet Advertising, Anti Unfair Competition Law, Consumer Rights Protection Law and other national advertising regulations. The Group implements a strict review system for content used in advertisement and the rules of prizeattached sales, to ensure the legality and compliance of marketing content and to prevent legal risks in advertising and prizeattached sales, while avoiding infringing on other people's rights. Combining with relevant domestic advertising illegal cases and legal regulations, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alerts with Cases of Violation of Advertising Law and a template checklist of selfinspection on compliance as references to warn the business unit about advertisingrelated legal risks. In addition, the Group has established a topdown management mechanism to supervise responsible marketing activities in all regions. According to the management mechanism of the Group, all complaints related to product marketing and promotion contents must be properly recorded for internal review, and corresponding corrective measures should be taken in real time according to the review results to minimize negative social impact. In the meantime, employees are also responsible for the supervision of responsible marketing that once any employee found false advertisement to be forwarded, he or she should report the false advertisement in time. The Group regularly reviews all product marketing and promotion contents on yearly basis to ensure that the contents disseminated are legal and compliant as well as conform to the Group's concept of responsible marketing and to eliminate false marketing from the source. When the Group releases new advertisements, the group's legal compliance team will be involved in the advertising review process to ensure that the content of the advertisement does not violate relevant regulations. Additionally, various departments within the Group collect feedback and opinions from the Internet and customer communication, which may contain comments, suggestions, or corrections on the content of the advertisement, and the Group will modify the content of the advertisement according to the factual situation. In 2023, the Group confirmed that there were no major offenses involving advertising and promotion.
32 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Advocate Rational Drinking The Group has collaborated with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 9 consecutive years and has been a member of its Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee. The Group regularly organizes events such as National Rational Drinking Publicity Week every year to promote the concept of Drink Moderately, Live Happily to the entire industry and society. In 2023, the Group attended the press conference of the National Rational Drinking Publicity Week organized by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association's Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee, aswell as the launch ceremony of the 2023 National Rational Drinking Publicity Week and the 2023 China Alcoholic Drinks Industry ESG Forum. As a member of the China Alcoholic Drinks Association, the Group actively fulfills its social responsibility to promote the sustainable and healthy development of China's beverage industry, and takes the lead in advocating rational drinking. All of our alcoholic beverages carry a logo related to responsible drinking on their outer packaging. In addition, the Group and its strategic cooperation brand Heineken beer jointly advocate and support the commitment to responsible drinking. The brand invests about 10 of its yearly media budget in promoting rational drinking and responsible drinking. Internal Standard of Responsible Marketing In where we operate, the Group always strictly complies with all laws, regulations and industrial standards related to marketing practice, including but not limited to, the Advertisement Law of the People's Republic of China, Measures for the Administration of Alcoholic Drinks Circulation, China's Wine Industry 14 th Five Year Development Guidance. We have established sophisticated internal systems related to marketing, advertising and labels, which stipulates that relevant content and measures of marketing campaigns are required to comply with the Company's policies. In our management and operation practice, employees from senior level to grass roots are not allowed to offer alcoholic drink products to those who are under the legal drinking age, and are forbidden from overstating the effect of our products on the environment and society in marketing campaigns, aswell as advertising to consumers about selling points based on facts unproven by science. 9 (ChinaSAO) ESG 10
33 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group emphasizes the importance of promoting rational drinking by establishing an internal management system of responsible marketing to further ensure legal compliance. Taken practical business into consideration, the Group has formulated the Guidelines for Advertising Legal Review Work and the Management Measures on We Media within the Group to clarify the bases and key points of advertising review, possible risk in the release of new advertisement, and prevention requirements. It is stipulated that the encouraging or inductive contents such as unrestrained drinking or drinking excessively are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The communication contents and content review mechanism are also clearly stipulated in the related guidelines, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the enterprise advertising contents to be released soon, guiding consumers correctly from the root. In addition, the Group has always adhered to the principle of honesty and integrity, and strictly prohibits the dissemination of false information about competitors products to customers in product advertisements and other marketing practices, in order to maintain a fair and regulated market. The Group publicizes internally the special prohibitions on alcohol advertising and strictly implements them, including but not limited to No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of unrestrained drinking. No appearance of drinking actions. No appearance of minors and their image in the advertisement. No appearance of dangerous activities such as driving a car, boat, or airplane, especially under the influence of alcohol. No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others. No expression or implication that drinking contributes to the success of personal, business, society, sport, sexual life, and others. Apart from clearly indicating ingredients and alcohol content on product packages, the Group also prompts persuasive signs and words such as Excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to health in print, television, film, and digital advertisements as well as in product labels, taking the initiative to give potential risk warnings. In addition, there is an age limit set on the official website of China Resources Snow Breweries to prohibit minors from browsing.
34 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Promotion and Training of Responsible Marketing In order to better control responsible marketing, the Marketing Center, Brand Management Department, and Legal Compliance Department of the Group conduct training of responsible marketing to all employees from time to time with the following contents Training Scope of Responsible Marketing Training Contents Basic principles of responsible marketing Being complied with the principles of morality, legality, honesty and truthfulness. Taking full consideration to productrelated laws and regulations, such as legal drinking age. Target group of responsible marketing Targeting people who have reached the legal drinking age. The marketing and promotion should aim to steer clear of those who under the legal drinking age (for example, objects, images, styles, symbols, colors, music and characters including cartoon characters that appeal to children or adolescent should not be used in marketing campaigns and commercial publicity). Advising retailers to avoid selling alcoholic beverages to minors. Advocate rational drinking Promoting moderate and rational drinking behavior as well as healthy and edified lifestyle. Printing persuasive signs and words that explicitly warn people of the hazards associated with drinking. Publishment of fair information Promoting products by providing fair and accurate information (e. g. using truthful and accurate statements about carbohydrates, calories and other nutrients in beer). Avoiding using false information (e. g., not implying or claiming that beer has therapeutic or health benefits). Legal compliance Conducting training and interpretation of the newly issued codes of alcohol advertising. Ensuring that employees are knowledgeable about the rules pertaining to responsible marketing.
35 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) CUSTOMER SERVICES AND PRIVACY PROTECTION Customer Services Upholding the operating philosophy of Prioritizing Customer Experience, the Group has been striving to improve customer satisfaction and build good and longterm customer relationships. During the reporting period, the Group continued to improve its customer service system and optimized its rapid response system for client complaints. The Group undertakes to protect the legitimate interests of consumers and safeguard its business by adopting the following measures (1) Rapid response the customer service staff from the Smart Customer Service Center of the headquarters shall send a work order through the system within 30 minutes after receiving feedback information from the customer. Upon receiving such work order, the customer service consultant must contact the consumer within 30 minutes to understand details and strive to resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. For complaints about defective product, it is necessary to reply to the customers in the customer service system within 72 hours, maintain the progress of processing, upload photos of physical alcohol drinks, etc. (2) System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint processes are recorded online, which enables the customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant departments to improve. At the end of 2022, the Group launched a smart customer service system, which adopts a parallel service mode of robots and manual seats. Robots can provide 24 hour uninterrupted service and continuously improve customer experience. (3) Rectification the Group's customer service team conducts realtime and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. (4) Sampling analysis in respect of complaints about defective product, our customer service team facilitates timely return of the complained beer to the plant. The plant should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer. As of the end of 2023, the returntoplant rate of complained beer reached 99. (1) 30 30 72 (2) 24 (3) (4) 99
36 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(5) Business linkage the business operation departments need to acknowledge customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customeroriented beer enterprise. In terms of customer service construction for the newly acquired baijiu business, Jinsha Jiuye has formulated and implemented the Jinsha Jiuye Customer Service Management Measures and Jinsha Jiuye Damaged Alcohol Drinks Management Measures to setup a 4000851999 service hotline, whereby the dedicated customer service staff of the Operations Department receives complaint information, and answers onsite the information that can be handled, and immediately edits the work order for information that needs tobe handled by the professional departments tobe dispatched to the professional departments. Professional department customer service counterparts need to respond to the work order within 30 minutes, contact consumers to understand the situation, and strive for the first time for customers to solve the problem. For product complaints, information about the product (pictures of the physical alcohol drinks anticounterfeit labels, etc.) is fed back to the Operations Department and the Technology and Quality Department in the first instance to provide expert advice on how to handle the complaint. Jinsha Jiuye expects to complete the online customer complaint handling system by 2024, and to realize the integration of customer service and complaint management with the ordering and intelligent customer service center of the beer business headquarters. In 2023, the overall complaint rate of the Group's beer business was 19. 5 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of beer product quality, the number of complaints about defective beer products received by the Group in 2023 decreased significantly by 11 yearonyear, and the complaint rate of defective beer products decreased from 4. 4 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output to 4. 1 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output. The overall survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling was 87 points, mainly due to the continuous improvement in product quality. ( Complaint rate of defective products number of complaints about defective products total output)(5) 4000851999 30 19. 5 11 4. 4 4. 1 87
37 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The table below shows the customer service indicator for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. Unit 2023 2022 Number of complaint received Cases 22, 058 20, 607 Number of complaints about defective product Cases 4, 580 4, 992 Number of complaints about poor service Cases 17, 478 15, 615 Customer complaint settlement rate 97. 0 96. 0 Revisit rate of customer complaints 89. 8 90. 0 Effective communication rate of call center 99. 7 99. 6 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 99. 6 99. 5 Responsive time after receiving complaint Minutes 30 Within 30 minutes 30 Within 30 minutes Survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling Points 87. 0 87. 0
38 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Personal Information Protection The Group attaches great importance to the protection of personal information and strictly complies with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the The Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, and enforces the regulatory norms and requirements of the relevant standards to carry out the governance of the protection of personal information. In terms of governance system, the Group has formulated relevant systems such as CR Beer's Information Security Management Measures, Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidelines, Employee Personal Information Protection Management Measures, aswell as Personal Information Protection Policy and Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment and other templates, and follow the personal information processing principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, integrity, clear purpose, minimal processing, and openness and transparency to carry out personal information protection and management. In terms of implementation management, in order to standardize the Group's legal and compliance work related to personal information protection, the Group conducts comprehensive personal information protection compliance reviews in all aspects of personal information processing, continuously improves its ability to identify and handle compliance risks, implements the responsibilities and requirements for the protection of personal information, and endeavors to ensure that issues relating to the protection of personal information are managed and controlled comprehensively and effectively to protect the interests and privacy of customers and users. In terms of its business, The Group is in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management, and all levels can only view complaints and consumer information within their authority. Staff is forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers who initiated the complaint and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When customers file complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete their relevant personal information. We strengthen the defense capability of the Group's network by establishing firewalls, intrusion detection and other technologies to ensure that the confidential related information system of the Group operates safely in the intranet. The Group also extends its management to its upstream suppliers, requiring all suppliers who possess customers privacy information to comply with relevant laws and regulations, so as to maximize the protection of consumers privacy and information security.
39 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In terms of strengthening staff awareness, the Group has continued to enhance staff awareness of personal information protection by launching personal information protection related training and special activities such as the Special Topic on Data Security and Personal Information Protection Compliance. Information Security In 2023, the Group issued the Management Measures for the Protection of Employees Personal Information to establish a system for the protection of employees personal information. The Group follows the principles of rationalization and minimization of impact in the collection of employees personal information, and specifies the scope of use, process, and confidentiality requirements for employees personal information, so as to enhance the security of employees personal information and fulfill the Company's obligations in respect of the protection of employees personal information. At the same time, training on the employee personal information protection system was launched to enhance the understanding and importance of the protection of personal information by departments and employees at all levels. In 2023, the Group's Intelligence and Digitization Department compiled the 2023 Cyber Security Awareness Handbook, which covers publicity on topics such as the Personal Information Protection Law, compliance regulations when sending email information, thirdparty personnel information security management, the use of genuine software, email security, prevention of malware, prevention of emails fraud, and office security, and organized the handbook promotion and training. 2023
40 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Group focused on the enhancement of employees security awareness by organizing regular information security trainings covering awareness overview, types of cybersecurity threats, typical cases of cybersecurity and cybersecurity threat prevention, etc. The Group promotes online videos through the online platform Runjiu Academy and regularly publishes articles on information security on the Run Work Platform to provide employees with daily drip training to improve employees awareness of information security protection. Throughout the year, the Group organized a total of 4 online and offline security awareness trainings covering all employees, with the training time being no less than one hour. It also seta goal of ensuring no less than five antiphishing email trainings per person. In addition, as a member of China Resources Group, CR Beer fully cooperated with China Resources Group in carrying out the 2023 nationallevel cybersecurity attack and defense exercise, assisted the Group in achieving excellent results, and was awarded collective secondclass merit and nine individual awards by the Group. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any substantiated complaints about infringement of customers privacy and theft, leakage, and loss of customers data or important information. In the course of its operations, the Group also requires its confidential staff to strictly comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Group's Confidentiality Management System, and customer service staff signed the Confidentiality Commitment before taking up their posts, so as to implement the confidentiality responsibility system, fulfill their confidentiality obligations and safeguard the security of information in a practical manner., 1 5 9
41 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Digital Transformation In order to meet the needs of CR Beer's second organizational transformation and the development of the Company in the coming years, the Group has established the CR Beer Digitization Committee in 2023 on the basis of the former Information Technology Upgrading Committee to make digitization one of the Company'score strategies, to promote the Company's digitization construction and operation, and to enhance the Company's production and operational efficiency by using digitization. The Digitalization Committee is divided into leadership and thematic committees, which are responsible for leadership decisionmaking and project execution and management in specific areas respectively. As the leadership, the Digitalization Committee assumes the overall responsibility for leading the transformation. The Chairman of the Digitalization Committee is the Chairman of the Board of the group, and the executive team leader is the director of the Intelligence and Digital Department. The Special Topics Committee is divided into six Special Topics Committees Smart Purchasing, Intelligent Manufacturing, Supply Chain Control Tower, Marketing Digitization, Shared Operations, and Baijiu. A permanent project management office has been set up in the Intelligence and Digitalization Department, which is specifically responsible for the daily work of the Committee. Leadership Group of the Digitalization Committee Project Management Office Smart Purchasing Special Committee Intelligent Manufacturing Special Committee Supply Chain Control Tower Special Committee Marketing Digitization Special Committee Shared Operations Special Committee Baijiu Special Committee Leadership Special Committee
42 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Group achieved good results in its digital transformation, with the Company's digital coverage rate increasing from 44 at the beginning of the year to 56. Relying on the digital system, the efficiency of business processing in key business segments such as procurement, production, sales and operation has been greatly improved, especially the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, thus giving full play to the effectiveness of digitization. The shared operation construction for human resources and finance has also achieved significant results, with the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources work order service improved by 37. The Group's outstanding digitization efforts have been recognized by China Resources Group as the Smart and Digitized Demonstration Unit 20222023. Its shared operation and beer manufacturing production management digital industrial internet platform application project won the Stateowned Enterprises Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award rewarded by the Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. (V) SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine undertaking, tendering and bidding process and rules, etc. so as to prevent food safety risks and to ensure that materials purchased are incompliance with quality standards, establishing a stable, controllable, secure and supportive supply channel for the Group's longterm development. In addition, the Group advances the priority of quality and extension and cocreation of the industrial chain through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure and ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve a winwin situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. The Group actively responds to national policies, strictly abides by laws and regulations on tendering and bidding, standardizes the bidding and procurement processes, actively responds to the national policy call for optimizing the business environment, and prevents any restrictions or exclusion of suppliers on the basis of unreasonable conditions. The Group pursues responsible procurement, formulates and implements second thirdlevel special supplier management systems such as CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Procurement Management System and CRWH Rules on Supplier Qualification Review Management for Procurement Projects in a bid to advance the priority of quality and extension and cocreation of the industrial chain through ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve winwin situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. 44 56 90 6. 4 37 2022 2023
43 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 44 The Group's two business lines of beer and baijiu, both implement procurement processes such as supplier introduction, bidding, public procurement and price inquiry, and follows three key principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, with a responsible procurement ratio of 100. By formulating standards of supplier screening and onsite accreditation as well as urging suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment, the Group advocates suppliers to devote themselves to environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption, full recycling of resources, human rights assessment, etc. In order to fulfil our social responsibility with respect to supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, we require suppliers to read out and affix seals to the Supplier Commitment in both the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers and CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers. During the onsite certification of suppliers, we will verify the total number of employees and registered insured persons of the supplier, and advocate the protection of employee rights to the supplier. ( Ask the supplier about the actual number of employees during the certification, and check the number of insured people through online public information to verify the number.) In 2023, the Group formulated 44 supplier access and certification standards for categories related to food safety and bulk manufacturing, and evaluated the access of suppliers basic qualification certificates (business license, production license, waste discharge permits, etc.), production capacity guarantee (equipment, site, etc.), production quality guarantee (process control, inspection ability, etc.) and others. Only when they meet the requirements can they participate in our procurement activities.
44 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group has developed the Supplier Evaluation Scoring Sheet, which covers the basic requirements that suppliers should meet in environmental protection, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental impact assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water, solid waste treatment equipment, etc. Besides, the Group requires all suppliers for beer operations and baijiu businesses to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Ethical procurement; Adopting safety protection measures in the working environment to ensure the occupational health of employees; Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effects on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environmentrelated technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Respecting the human rights of employees, guaranteeing basic employee rights and working hours of employees, and guaranteeing equal employment; Not using child labour and forced or debtpaying employees, and abiding by the relevant provisions of the Labour Contract Law of the PRC; Carrying out knowledge and compliance tests of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and selfdiscipline they should perform.
45 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 752 4, 300 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers Number of suppliers reviewed Suppliers 547 347 Number of suppliers whose cooperation was terminated due to noncompliance Suppliers 44 19 Number of potential suppliers rejected due to noncompliance Suppliers 92 0 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 9 99. 7 Other regions 0. 1 0. 3 (1) SRM 117 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. The Group carries out dynamic circulatory management of suppliers list in beer operation and baijiu business and implemented a supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation, elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee inaccordance with the relevant regulations. (1) Screening of potential suppliers In 2023, the Group Procurement Management Center promoted the openness and standardization of supplier screening by strengthening the management of supplier sourcing and access. The Group issued a public solicitation and sourcing announcement for bulk production materials such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials on the CRH Integrity Electronic Bidding Platform (hereinafter referred to as Integrity Platform ), and publicized the supplier access standards on Integrity Platform and SRM System. In 2023, 117 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities.
46 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(2) Supplier certification The procurement department of each unit of the Group determines the scope of supplier certification according to the industry characteristics, supply and demand relationship and material characteristics of actual categories. Onsite certification is carried out for bulk materials or services such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials with special requirements for subject matter quality, supply guarantee, food safety and asset safety. New suppliers who fail topass the onsite certification were given a rectification period within 6 months. If they are still unqualified in the second certification, their application for onsite certification will be rejected within 2 years. (3) Supplier cooperation assessment The suppliers cooperating with the Group in the year shall be assessed annually. The Group conducts monthly assessments on the cooperation with suppliers to ensure the effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. The application of process assessment results includes warning, interview, deduction of supply, suspension of supply, direct elimination, etc. Unqualified suppliers shall be eliminated and prohibited from use within 3 years. Dishonest suppliers would be included in the blacklist of suppliers after approval, with a period of no less than 5 years for cooperation cease. In 2023, the Group reviewed a total of 3, 741 suppliers, and proactively terminated cooperation with 44 suppliers and added them to the Supplier Blacklist. (4) Supplier empowerment The Group has formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Starrated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. By jointly entering into a strategic cooperation agreement, we share test sites, databases and communication platforms with our strategic partners, which has been a new form of cooperation with suppliers. In addition, after onsite certification, we urged rectification, promoted the timely application of new technologies, new equipment and new methods in the industry at special meetings, and organized training, benchmarking, mutual exchanges and other activities to help suppliers tackle problems and upgrade their skills. (5) Dynamic management of supplier list CRSB supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. Guizhou Jinsha launched the supplier collaborative management system in November 2023 to collect information about suppliers in the original Supplier Qualified List of Guizhou Jinsha. Suppliers on the list that do respond to information collection or participate in training will be eliminated and excluded from the supplier collaborative management system.(2) 6 2 (3) 3 5 3, 741 44 (4) (5)
47 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, there were 547 core suppliers of production materials reviewed by the Procurement Management Center of the Group, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certification in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO 4500 118001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certification in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO 9001 or equivalent standards. The Group continued to facilitate the promotion of the Knowledge Manual for CRSB Suppliers on What Should Be Understood and Followed and urged the suppliers of the Group to follow our new rules and requirements in terms of green production, sustainable development and social responsibility. We encouraged the suppliers to implement environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. When conducting onsite accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should be understood and followed for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should be understood and followed for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of suppliers of the Group and the cooperation will be ceased for two years. Building on the comprehensive test for the existing suppliers in 2020, the Group conducted a test regarding What Should be Understood and Followed for newlyjoint suppliers in 2023, and organized a total of 69 trainings for new suppliers joint within the year during verification, of which over 400 suppliers were trained. 2023, the Group conducted a test regarding What Should Be Understood and Followed for newlyjoint suppliers only, so the number presented above does not include suppliers who had previously completed relevant tests. 547 118 ISO 45001 18001 424 HACCP, ISO 9001 69 400 Unit 2023 2022 Number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should be understood and followed Suppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 0 Pass rate 100 100 Elimination rate 0 0
48 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 (VI) PROMOTING GOVERNANCE AND INTEGRITY Business Ethics and Integrity Compliance The Group strictly obeys national laws and regulations pertaining to antibribery, extortion, fraud and moneylaundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and executes relevant systems of its parent company in its production and operation and earnestly carries out the system regulations such as the CRH s Business Code of Practice, the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited, and the Ten Directives of China Resources. Meanwhile, according to the market and production and operation conditions, the Group establishes and improves relevant management systems, and strictly implements relevant rules and procedures, including the Implementation Rules of CRSB Disciplinary Inspection (Supervision) Agency Letters and Visits Handling and Disciplinary Work Supervision, the Centralized Management Measures for Letters and Visits and Question Clues, and the Employee Violation and Discipline Handling Measures. Inactive response to the requirements of the Measures for Compliance Management of Central Enterprises issued by the Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the Group strictly follows the relevant norms on compliance management, participates in the decisionmaking of major issues about the Company, strictly conducts 100 legal review of the contracts, systems and major business decisions required by the Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, so as to effectively prevent and control compliancerelated risks, and keep a good line of defense against compliance.
49 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribes, extortion, fraud, moneylaundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruption. All employees of CR Beer signed a confidentiality pledge, promising to abide by confidentiality obligations and business ethics. In addition, the Group has organized the setting of a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. In 2023, the Group has formally incorporated compliance requirements into its employee performance appraisal system, and the Legal Compliance Department of the Group has revised and improved the relevant compliance management system, the CR Beer Management Measures for the Prevention of Conflicts of Interest, and reviewed and updated the existing system, the CR Beer Compliance Management System, to ensure compliance with the latest regulations and compliance requirements. The Legal Compliance Department of the Group also continued to promote contract demonstration and contract review to improve the efficiency and accuracy of business compliance management. The Legal Compliance Department of the Group also plans to upgrade more compliance work from offline to online management, so as touse digital technology and online platforms to enhance the efficiency and convenience of compliance management. In 2023, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized 17 professional trainings and 54 legal education sessions, covering such fields as personal information protection, intellectual property protection, antiunfair competition and antimonopoly, environmental protection, labour and employment. The Group also organized legal personnel to participate in relevant training sessions such as the Rule of Law Lecture and the Compliance Management of Stateowned Enterprise, the Trade Secret Protection Training, Cyber security popularization, the Constitution and the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China issued by the SASAC and the Group to understand the cuttingedge policy trends in compliance management, so that they can learn such experience from excellent enterprises, enhance their professional skills and strengthen the awareness of legal compliance. 17 54
50 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Inaccordance with the instructions and regulatory requirements at all levels, the audit team of the Group prepares a threeyear audit work plan around the audit orientation every three years. Aiming at promoting strategy, abiding by compliance, preventing risks, strengthening internal control and increasing value and focusing on key businesses and new businesses, key areas and highrisk areas, aswell as routine supervision businesses or areas through economic responsibility audits and special audits, it carries out supervision work to achieve full coverage of business and management entities. In order to effectively prevent and resolve major risks, in 2023, the Group revised the CR Beer Measures for the Implementation of Accountability for Investment in Illegal Operation, and newly established the CR Beer Guidelines for Handling Investment Problems and Clues in Illegal Operation, strengthening the supervision of departments and posts with concentrated power, intensive capital, rich resources and concentrated assets of enterprises, and strictly investigating clues of illegal problems in equity investment, engineering construction and fund management to promote compliance operation and highquality development of the enterprise. The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, and enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, construction, operation and capital management aswell as key positions. In 2023, the audit department of the Group carried out the establishment and continuous optimization and update of the approval procedures in operating to facilitate the secondtime organizational transformation, and thus to further strengthen the control and the operational efficiency. In 2023, the Group carried out a total of 18 audit programs covering anticorruption, fair competition, conflicts of interest, internal transactions and other business ethics and integrity related fields. No material problem concerning the above issues was identified by the Group based on the audit results 18
51 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, and construction of major projects to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. The Group insists that power shall go with responsibility, responsibility must be taken, discipline must be pursued, and failure must be accountable; and the disciplinary inspection department of the Group resolutely punishes corruption without wavering, and handles letters and cases in strict accordance with rules, disciplines and laws. In 2023, for the sake of regulating and preventing corruption risks and promoting business transactions to be conducted in an honest and clean manner, the Group formulated and implemented two systems, namely, the Anti Corruption and Anti Bribery Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy, aiming at further improving the compliance system. The Anti Corruption and Anti Bribery Policy clarifies the prohibited behaviors to prevent bribery, and regulates behaviors involving offering benefits, entertainment and souvenirs, charitable donations and sponsorships. The Whistleblowing Policy applies to all employees, management, directors and external third parties with business dealings, clarifies the following aspects in reporting the suspected behaviors, the protection of whistleblowers, confidentiality, reporting channels, anonymous report, investigation, false report and so on. The Group provided a variety of reporting channels, mainly through mail, telephone and other forms, and the Group would classify the letters and visits received. During the reporting period, the Group tracked 100 of cases with the reported clues. In 2023, the Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Group organized online training for employees at all levels, especially the management, on confidentiality, integrity and antifraud, and issued several microcourses, such as the Basic Course of Professional Quality, the Microcourse of Confidentiality Education Exploring Secrets with Xuewa and the Red Alert Ten Commandments for Managers, with over 20, 000 learners and over 100, 000 visitors. The Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Group has also created a column entitled Integrity and Original Aspiration, which focuses on promoting the construction of integrity culture, takes Integrity as the theme and Original Aspiration as the main line, and sets up four sections, namely, Integrity Information, Warning and Vigilance, Ethics and Law Lecture, and Greater Supervision, to publicize the clean culture of CR Beer. At the same time, by reprinting the online video of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the CCP on incorruptibility education, and producing video microlessons such as Teach You to Have an Incorruptibility Festival in 4 Minutes to promote the incorruptibility culture in the workplace to all employees. 100 2 10 4
52 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Group held two companywide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 employees, including managementlevel staff, to continually buildup employees awareness of rules. Subordinate secondary units held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. At the same time, more than 30 people participated in the integrity education on the theme of family style for newly promoted, externally introduced and young cadres. In addition, more than 600 people attended the special meeting of publicizing the integrity culture of the marketing system, operation system and major engineering projects and discussing and coconstructing with partners such as distributors, carriers and contractors, which promoted the construction of integrity cooperation atmosphere and effectively prevented integrity risks. The Group strictly complies with relevant national laws, regulations and internal management systems, and severely handles employees violations of discipline and law. In 2023, a total of 10 employees of the Group committed corruptionrelated violations of regulations and disciplines and were sentenced to fixedterm imprisonment. The Group has terminated the employment relationship with the above employees in accordance with relevant systems and established a case review mechanism to prevent similar types of cases from happening again. The above cases have not had a significant impact on the Group's business. Procurement Integrity The Group, following compliance operation, is committed to creating a culture of integrity work by promoting integrity culture to its partners, while informing its partners of the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations, etc. that should beknown and observed, so as to promote anticorruption and integrity to a deeper extent. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal connected transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, and receipt of gifts. 2 2. 5 171 1. 8 30 600 2023 10
53 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group allocates the procurement approval process to each unit, and accurately divides the list of procurement items and the main responsibility authority. It also carries out hierarchical license management in accordance with procurement category authority and approval limit. It actively adopts the Integrity Platform, promotes the deep integration of bidding and purchasing work with the Internet, and finally realizes efficient, professional, standardized, safe and lowcost bidding management. In the CR Beer Procurement Management System and the CRWH Procurement Management System, the Group clearly stipulates that suppliers must include Sunshine Undertaking as an annex in the preparation of procurement documents and contracts, requiring suppliers to cooperate in good faith; at the same time, it is clearly stipulated that the working group personnel and reviewers involved in procurement activities should sign the Commitment Letter of Integrity and Selfdiscipline of Procurement Personnel before participating in procurement, know the relevant regulations of the company on integrity and selfdiscipline of procurement, and ensure strict implementation of all commitments. In addition, we stipulate in the CR Snow Measures for the Administration of Suppliers and the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers that it is necessary to strengthen the publicity of integrity during the onsite certification of suppliers, require suppliers to read out and seal the Supplier Commitment, promising to support CR Snow to establish an open, fair and competitive business environment and respect the values and management principles of CR Snow, and at the same time putting anend to corruption and win over, so as to form a good cooperation atmosphere with a clean and positive atmosphere. In 2023, 100 of newly certified suppliers of the Group signed the Sunshine Undertaking and the Supplier Commitment, and 100 of the onsite certification personnel of the suppliers signed the Code of Integrity. During the first meeting about onsite certification of suppliers, the Group focused on promoting the culture of integrity procurement to its suppliers, creating a clean working atmosphere, and positively conveying the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations that such suppliers should know and follow, so as to promote anticorruption and integrity to a deeper extent. In 2023, the publicity coverage of the Group towards centralized materials and suppliers of sizeable materials reached 100. 100 100 100
54 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group, taking into account the practical business, resolved to promote and implement compliance management system in the field of bidding and procurement coming with high compliance risks, organized the proposed compliance officers involved in the field of bidding and procurement to participate in the compliance training camp, actively promoted the certified compliance officers in the field to take up the post, and advanced the implement of compliance management system. In 2023, the Procurement Management Center of the Group in beer operation and baijiu business adhered to the multilevel education and publicity of business ethics, integrity warnings and anticorruption for core members such as employees, supplier management and sales personnel at all levels through various means, such as the procurement system as the key link, supplemented by the annual central business meeting of the Procurement Center, the supplier conference, the first meeting of onsite certification, and the holiday integrity notice. Aiming at thoroughly implementing compliancerelated complaints and reports, further improving the legal and compliance whistleblowing awareness of suppliers and distributors, and warning false whistleblowing, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized the revision of the Sunshine Undertaking in the annex to the contract, clarified the scope of acceptance matters, and clearly agreed on the liability for breach of contract for suppliers and distributors to make false reports, so as to promote the operation of complaint reporting by letters and visits. Tax Risk Management In terms of taxrelated financial matters, in 2023, the Group's beer business as a whole was taxed inaccordance with the statutory corporate income tax rate of 25, except for companies in Sichuan, Tibet and other regions enjoying a preferential tax rate of 15 for the development of the western region, and companies in Tibet enjoying partial exemption in ethnic autonomous areas. The Group's tax risk events in 2023 have been properly handled and no significant disputes have arisen. 15 25
55 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Antimonopoly and Antiunfair Competition The Group has fully implemented the arrangements of antimonopoly and antiunfair competition. In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group followed up the revision of the Anti Monopoly Law real time, discussed the possible major impacts on the Company's business, made risk warnings and gave corresponding control suggestions. The Group drafted and issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alert in Anti Monopoly Law Enforcement Cases, and analyzed the first antimonopoly punishment case of the General Administration of Market Regulation next year, so as to provide a reference for the Company's business compliance. The Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized the training on the interpretation of the revision of Anti Monopoly Law and the training meeting on the publicity and implementation of the Administrative Measures on Anti Monopoly and Anti Unfair Competition of China Resources Group. With regard to the daily operations of the Company, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group reviewed the newly launched information system, packaging, product manual, promotion plan, channel construction and other links that might involve unfair competition, and made preventive suggestions. In addition, it carried out professional training on themes such as brand compliance system management, brand endorsement risk prevention, distribution rebate and marketing criminal warning line. In terms of risk management for marketing and antidumping and countervailing duty, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group conducted antimonopoly legal risk training for the Company's senior leaders and professional training on internet business law for the company's legal team in 2023. During contract review and other business document reviews, the Group paid attention to antiunfair competition, antimonopoly, commercial bribery and other issues to ensure business compliance. The Group formulated model marketing contracts and model beer distribution contracts to escort business compliance. In addition, the Group formulated personal information protection compliance, data compliance and other systems to prevent relevant legal risks. In 2023, the Group has not been punished by government regulatory authorities due to monopoly or unfair competition.
56 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering toa peopleoriented management and operation principle for many years. The Group not only strictly complies with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Insurance for Workrelated Injury, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women s Rights and Interests, the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Promotion of Basic Medical and Health Care, the Prohibition on Child Labor and the Law on the Protection of Minors, but also established human resources management system and management regime, continuously improving and upgrading to properly and effectively manage all employment matters. The Group respects the rights of employees, protects their legitimate rights and interests according to law, provides comprehensive rights and interests protection services for employees, pursues an equal and nondiscriminatory labor employment policy, opposes forced labor, eliminates the use of child labor, respects freedom of association, strives to provide employees with a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment, and understands and meets their various needs on work and life. The Group deeply recognizes that the staff is critical to the development of the Group's business, and is of great significance to our product quality, food safety and service reputation. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivating employees professional skills and encourages career development. (I) EQUAL EMPLOYMENT The Group safeguards the employment principle of equality. We treat our employees fairly and equitably regardless of gender, age, nationalities, ethnicity, religious belief, skin colour, language, and household registration location. We aim to build up a fair, equal, competitive and meritbased recruitment environment. To ensure the recruitment and performance evaluation process ona transparent, open, fair and justified basis, the Group's staff recruitment, review and approval process are set according to the internal policy of Recruitment Administrative and fully cover the recruitment process of various positions. The Group also established policies on preventing child labor or forced labor and managed the compliance and quality of employment from the hiring stage. Hiring information system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labor force ona voluntary basis during the site interview and other scenarios. 18
57 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labor. In term of human rights management, the Procurement Management Center of the Group stipulates in the Supplier Commitment of the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers that all suppliers must respect the human rights of employees, protect the basic rights of employees and the working hours of employees, etc., and require suppliers to read and sign the Supplier Commitment. As the Group's business presence is across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and introduced management trainee and school enrollment system to promote schoolenterprise cooperation and employment. Moreover, the Group also encourages employee diversity, cares for women, advocates equal employment rights for people with disabilities, and provides employment opportunities for retired military personnel. In 2023, the Group had approximately 27, 232 fulltime staff in beer and baijiu business, with an average age of 36. 6 years old and the average length of service amounting to 8. 1 years. Over 46. 9 of the staff had obtained a bachelor's degree. The Group is also employing more than 50 people with disabilities. (II) STAFF REMUNERATION AND BENEFIT The Group continued to follow its wellestablished internal systems and guidelines, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Remuneration Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System, the Manager's Performance Entitlements and Business Expenses Management System, the Recruitment Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, safeguarding the staff's rights and interests. The Group insists on passing the employee value proposition of diligence, professionalism and growth, and strictly implements the national and local regulations and policies on labour and remuneration management with various social insurances and housing provident funds paid in full for employees according to law. At the same time, the Group continuously improves and enhances the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. 27, 232 36. 6 8. 1 46. 9 50
58 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In terms of the management remuneration system, the Group provides longterm incentives such as deferred cash for employees to the President and Vice President, the chief and deputy heads of headquarters departments, the general managers of provincial marketing centers, the directors of core plants, and the sales general managers of provincial capitals and firstline core regions to enhance their work momentum. In 2023, the Group has continued to invest in pay adjustment resources and carried out annual performance based pay adjustment for employees to continuously improve employees incomes and enhance the Group's market competitiveness. In respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays, in addition to strictly complying with the national and local laws and regulations, the Group also follow its internal policies on staff package and benefits, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, to protect the rights and interests of employees. The Group's business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. In 2023, the Group added parental leaves and child care leaves. The Group is committed to offering comprehensive benefit for staff, promoting the national benefit system of three unifications (i. e., unifications of benefit items, benefit standard and payment approach), unifying the management of the national staff benefit, and improving basic level and internal fairness for benefits. To safeguard the health of the staff, the Group provides the staff with various plans, including basic medical insurance and complementary commercial insurance of all staff, and arrange annual health examination for all staff and regular professional health examination for special types of the staff. In 2023, the Group had set up a flexible commercial insurance benefit selection platform to build and improve the welfare and security system for employees and their families, which allows employees to freely choose insurance upgrade plans and family insurance plans according to their needs, and we had published announcements on the Office Automation (OA) platform and posted articles through official We Chat account of the Company for promotion. We carry out multidimensional and -directional promotion of remuneration and benefit, strengthening the staff's social security and benefit, and meeting their expectations and satisfaction on remuneration and benefit. (OA)
59 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) STAFF MANAGEMENT The Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. The Group has designated the manager in charge of labor policies to act as coordinator during employment. Whenever breaches are identified, they shall be raised to the coordinator immediately. The cases would then be delegated tobe investigated and reported relevant personnel on labor policies. The coordinator shall report and make recommendation to the director of human resources department for approval after conducting the analysis. After the above process, the coordinator will confirm the results. Overall, the Group conducts a systematic internal and external risk assessment of the human resources management system on an annual basis and formulates mitigation measures. In 2023, CRSB established the Measures for the Administration of Presenting and Reporting Abnormal Information by Human Resources, which facilitated the channel of employee feedback and established a quick response mechanism. When abnormal risks occur, the relevant subsidiaries will sort out the riskrelated information, including but not limited to the situation of the incident unit, the cause and nature of the incident, the basic process, the scope of influence, the development trend of the incident, the requested items and the disposal suggestions. Within 24 hours, it's necessary to report to CR Snow by telephone and CR working platform in time. Those who delay reporting, conceal or omit major risk events and have serious dereliction of duty will be dealt with according to the nature of violating laws and regulations. At the same time, the Group has established a reflection mechanism for disputes, reflected on labor disputes in the previous year annually, formulated and implemented rectification plans, extracted excellent experiences and examined employment management risks. Meanwhile, the Group strictly executed the Management Regulations on Reporting of Employment Disputes and the Standardized Management System for Labour and Employment to report promptly labour employment disputes and followup events closely and implement measures on improvement. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise HR personnel's awareness of the risk of labor employment disputes. In 2023, the labor contract signing rate of the Group was 100 and the social insurance coverage rate was 100. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labor rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. 100 100
60 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees People 27, 232 24, 027 Total number of employees by gender Male People 19, 490 17, 456 Female People 7, 742 6, 571 Total number of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below People 7, 266 5, 457 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 People 10, 815 10, 473 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 874 6, 189 50 Employees with age 50 or above People 2, 277 1, 908 Total number of employees by region Mainland China People 27, 179 23, 984 Hong Kong People 53 43 Total number of employees with special care Total number of employees with disabilities People 55 83 The scope of the Group's human resources related data mainly involve in the Group's headquarters aswell as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding.
61 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees by grade 514 809 Senior management People 466 687 Male People 48 122 Female People 2, 365 2, 379 Middlelevel employees People 1, 961 1, 970 Male People 404 409 Female People 24, 353 20, 839 Junior employees People 17, 063 14, 799 Male People 7, 290 6, 040 Female People The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding.
62 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Voluntary turnover rate of employees 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by gender Male 11. 5 9. 3 Female 6. 4 5. 3 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below 26. 9 26. 4 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 5. 5 4. 2 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 2. 1 1. 3 50 Employees with age 50 or above 1. 8 0. 5 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by region Mainland China and Hong Kong 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate Number of employees in that category who voluntarily propose to leave (resignation, contract expiration, etc.) Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes.
63 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands various needs and demands from staff proactively through maintaining intimate and positive communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. The Group keeps a thorough internal communication system through various channels like visits to frontline operation, communication with the general manager and mailbox. We further promote the informatization of communication channels and setup of a platform to strengthen the management on communication with informative media, and make use of social media, We Chat official accounts, mobile office platforms to encourage all staff's participation in the Group's operation management, increasing the staff's willingness to involve in the corporate governance and protect their rights tobe informed, participate, express opinion and supervise. The Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership. By clarifying the functional positioning, power and responsibility boundaries and operation specifications of multilevel staff representative meetings such as group, company and business meetings, the Group effectively promotes the full play of staff representative meetings at all levels, which is conducive to promoting the allround and multilevel participation of employees in the democratic management of the Group, promoting the cohesion and consultation between enterprises and employees, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of employees, and stimulating a strong endogenous driving force for the healthy development of enterprises. The Group respects staff's rights to participate, establish, and refusal of participation in a labor union, striving to ensure that the labor union is a qualified and exemplary home for employees. In 2023, the Group had been in full compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China to establish union with 100 rate on staff participation in the union. 100
64 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report To consider and facilitate communications between staff, the Group has set upwork guidance about staff care and realizes the allround care to staff's safety, emotion and selfrealization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, aswell as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to buildup teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through annual research on corporate culture recognition and various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, and mailbox of the general manager, so as to understand the staff's satisfaction with their roles and responsibilities. Since 2018, the Group has conducted employee surveys on corporate culture identity every year for five consecutive years. In 2023, 84 staff of CRSB participated in the survey, with an overall improved score of 81 on job satisfaction and respect. 94. 5 staff of Guizhou Jinsha participated in the 2023 survey, the results of which showed that the employees of Guizhou Jinsha generally recognized the company's strategic development goals and corporate culture, with an overall satisfaction score of 89. 49. In 2023, the Group continued the activities that our senior management interacted with the frontline operational staff and conducted indepth communication with them to find out their needs and expectations on the company, meanwhile, deepening staff care and strengthening team building. The Group is devoted to improving working environment, to create a comfortable and pleasant working environment for its staff. To achieve this, the Group's various subsidiaries implemented various modification projects in each plant area based on its actual conditions, such as building of staff dormitories and upgrade of safety facilities in activity rooms, modification of production equipment, greening working environment and improvement of dining environment in canteens, etc., ensuring that the staff can work in a comfortable, safe and healthy working environment. The Group is dedicated to promoting the worklife balance and ensuring the physical health, safety, and wellbeing of its staff by providing various nonmonetary benefits to motivate and encourage them. These benefits include the provision of care for female employees, parental leave, learning and training opportunities, career counselling, free body examinations, occupational disease prevention examination services, etc., which contribute to the physical and mental health and career development of employees, and ensure the longterm stable performance of employees at all levels. In terms of mental health, the Group launched psychological counselling services for employees in 2023 and established a feedback mechanism of employee voice to take care of the mental health of employees and conduct corresponding reviews. 84 81 94. 5 89. 49
65 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d 200 f Case The labor union of China Resources Beer Headquarters organized employees in Beijing to carry out a team building activity with the theme of Riding the Winds and Waves fora Bright Future, and nearly 200 employees in Beijing participated in this activity. j f f Case Miss Liu Yueqin, Director of Beer Products of CRB Institute of Technology, was awarded the title of National women's Meritorious Model by the All China Women's Feberation. The awarding ceremony of Liu Yueqin Innovation Studio was successfully held in Hebei Plant. j f 10 e AHA d 24 f Case The Staff Care Service Station of China Resources Beer Headquarters was unveiled in August 2023 and officially opened. In October, emergency rescue (AHA certification) training was held in Beijing and Chengdu, and 24 employees participated in the training and obtained the International First Aid Certificate.
66 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j FUNd feed 140 e f Case The networking event, Youth Gala Day, with the theme of Summer FUN, Camping Party were successfully held. Through organizing relaxed and interesting outdoor camping and youthful and active game interaction, a trendy social platform has been built for young employees with 140 young people participated in this unique thematic party. j d d 30 f Case On 16 December 2023, the Group held Snow Day event as scheduled to celebrate the 30 th anniversary of China Resources Beer.
67 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report CSTD (V) STAFF TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT To the best of the Group's knowledge, staff growth is the key to business development. In this regard, the Group has been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and is committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. Furthermore, the Group adopted the principle of talent training and development of full coverage and highlighted priorities and strived to construct and continuously optimize our training systems. Based on the enterprise development strategy of Quality Development for Success in Premiumization and the human resources strategy of Talent Development for Transformation and Innovation, the Group's Learning and Innovation Center takes strategy undertaking, leaders nurturing, resource building, platform establishment and technology empowerment as its five major positionings to optimize the talent training system, enrich the construction of learning resources, promote digitalization learning, and consolidate the learning management system. The Group not only provided training to all employees, but also offered targeted skills guidance and training courses according to their job positions and qualifications to enhance their working ability and performance, so as to support the Group's strategic transformation and promote highquality business development in the long run. The Group has a mature and systematic team of trainers, professional learning design and training operation team, and innovatively refined the organizational learning methodology and talent training mechanism with the characteristics of CR Beer and adapted to the corporate strategy, to create a number of outstanding talent training programmes that are in line with the Group's strategy and business development. The Group reaches leading level in the industry in terms of course quality, quantity and trainer quality. The Group's selfexplored talent training methodology has been registered as a copyright by the National Copyright Administration, and has won series of Best Practice Award for Talent Training by Training magazine, CSTD and other wellknown enterprise training platforms in China.
68 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, CR Beer Learning and Innovation Center took the CR Beer 3 3 3 Strategy in the New Era as the starting point, the strategic management theme of Excellent Development for Success in Premiumization and the human resources strategy of Leading Change for Success in Talents, practiced the learning concept of From Business to Business and organized all functional lines, sales divisions, regional production departments and Baijiu project company of CR Beer as a whole to carry out the talent training work by category, classification and comprehensive coverage around team construction, beer and baijiu empowerment, digital learning and training management. Under the background of organizational reshaping, transformation and upgrading, the Group fully utilizes the resources of online learning platform of CR Beer Academy of Beer & Baijiu and offline training programs and workshops, to achieve the goal of strengthening the talent team, dual empowerment, online expansion and excellent management to improve the learning management mechanism, enhance the quality of talents, improve organizational efficiency, create business value, and promote premiumization development. In 2023, the Group carried out a total of 451 facetoface training programs with an average satisfaction score of 4. 85 points for employees participating in training programs. Relevant training data contains online and offline training programs. The online training programs were carried outthrough the Group's selfdeveloped online learning platform Runjiu Academy. 3 3 3 451 4. 85
69 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Strengthening the talent team 100 454 270 200 140 270 228 Leading Talent 100 The Group has developed a team of senior command talents who can cope with challenges and help the Group to succeed, introduced business education with indepth Chinese and global educational content, and built a young, professional, marketoriented and international leadership talent pool oriented to the future. The classes of 2022 and 2023 covered about 454 persontimes. Excellent Production Director Project It aimed to promote the secondtime organizational transformation, ensure the stability and unity of the transformation pace of the production plant, and produce excellent courses and typical cases with strong practicality and high applicability. In 2023, about 270 persontimes were covered. Purchasing talent training project It aimed to take insight into external industry trends and implement purchasing strategic intentions; absorbed external frontier practice, and improved purchasing ability by benchmarking. In 2023, about 200 persontimes were covered. Highperformance middlelevel project in the production system It aimed to meet the needs of production system business development and intelligent transformation, effectively improve the management ability of highperformance middlelevel management in the production system, and build a highquality talent echelon for the production system. In 2023, about 140 persontimes were covered. Management trainee training program of Fearless Trainees and Future Stars training camp It aimed to establish a comprehensive supporting management talent echelon to meet the training needs of the Company's business development for middlelevel management. In 2023, 270 and 228 persontimes were covered, respectively.
70 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Dual Empowerment 4 ITBP ITBP 160 1 1 1 1 360 105 72 Terminal Integrated Operation Workshop Referring to terminal cost input modes of national excellent marketing centers, the Group summarized and explored a set of terminal integrated operation modes suitable for the whole country. Four workshops were held in 2023. ITBP Empowerment Project It aimed to promote the secondtime organizational transformation, facilitate the construction of digital intelligent enterprises, and build a professional ITBP team. In 2023, about 160 persontimes were covered. White Bone Demon Backbone Talents Training Project of Baijiu Sales The Group created a platform combining training with practice, trained a group of excellent middlelevel personnel, developed a set of skills and knowledge maps, and established a set of experiencesharing mechanisms. In 2023, about 360 persontimes were covered. Baijiu Empowering Beauty Internal Trainer Training Project Adhering to the principle of being useful and educated, putting use first, the Group helped to develop baijiu trainer sessions. In 2023, about 105 persontimes were covered. Baijiu as White as Jade Baijiu Trainers Ability Improvement Project It aimed to improve the training professional ability of baijiu trainers, and help baijiu project companies to carry out talent development. In 2023, about 72 persontimes were covered.
71 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Online extension 5 3 HRBP HRBP 13 35 17 200 13 Snow Lecture Hall It aimed to transform the practical experience of the leaders of each business unit into the experience and capabilities of the organization. In 2023, we carried out five live training broadcasts of Snow Lecture Hall. Development of Beer New World Business Case According to the 30 year development history of China Resources Beer, the historical and landmark events at key nodes in the business competition were extracted and written into business cases and courses. In 2023, three business case courses were developed. CR Snow HRBP Microcourse Competition It aimed to precipitate learning resources, increase learning convenience and build a solid HRBP team. In 2023, a total of 13 professional courses and 35 video microcourses were produced. Development of Microcourse Series on Baijiu s General Knowledge It aimed to develop microcourses of baijiu general knowledge, start employees learning and growth, tell baijiu product stories well, and spread baijiu brand voices. In 2023, 17 microcourse series on Baijiu s general knowledge were produced, with a total learning time of 200 minutes. Rehearsal and Practice of Excellent Cases of Online Channel Marketing Courses It aimed to precipitate organizational intelligence, delve into the experience behind cases, and expand the sound volume of case dissemination. In 2023, 13 case courses on the best organizational experience of channel marketing were produced.
72 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Optimizing the management Learning System Construction It aimed to improve the training system to help the training business. In 2023, 14 system optimizations of China Resources Beer were completed, including 1 firstlevel management system, 6 secondlevel management methods and 7 thirdlevel training technology and operation guidelines. Runjiu Academy Platform Management The Runjiu Academy has been fully promoted and used, realizing the whole process control online of training management from plan formulation, implementation and evaluation. In 2023, more than 1, 000 video courseware were added to the platform, and 25 functions of three modules were optimized and developed. Internal Trainer Competition and Internal Trainer Training In 2023, driven by the Good Lecturer competition, the management of internal trainers anchors the two goals of building influence to enhance the influence of internal trainers and improved the activity of lecturers; through online dynamic management, we implemented incentive, promotion and elimination mechanisms, and strengthened the management of the internal trainer team. Learner Conference Through the sharing of internal and external experts, project competitions, and the cocreation of subvenue topics, it broadened the innovative thinking mode of beer baijiu dual empowerment, and formed a set of excellent project design cases to help each unit carry outtalent empowerment. 14 1 6 7 1, 000 25
73 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees trained People 27, 232 24, 027 Training coverage rate of employees 100 100 Training coverage rate by gender Male 100 100 Female 100 100 Training coverage rate by grade Senior management 100 100 Middlelevel employees 100 100 Junior employees 100 100 Training coverage rate Number of employees trained in that category Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding.
74 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Training cost Total training cost of employees RMB 24, 222, 603 15, 736, 000 Average training cost per employee RMB 890 655 Training hours Total training hours of employees Hours 966, 066 761, 500 Average training hours per employee Hours 35. 5 31. 7 Average training hours by gender Male Hours 35. 7 32. 0 Female Hours 34. 9 30. 7 Average training hours by grade Senior management Hours 37. 6 28. 4 Middlelevel employees Hours 36. 8 30. 2 Junior employees Hours 35. 3 32. 0 45 38 11 6 92 ESG Among the training, approximately 45 is for industryrelated professional training, approximately 38 is for occupational general training, approximately 11 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 6 is for leadership training. Among the training, approximately 92 is related to ESG management improvement. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. Average training time per employee (Total training hours of employees Proportion of employees trained in that category) Number of employees in that category
75 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 In order to motivate talents and ensure the stable development of the Group, the Group has formulated a comprehensive and welldeveloped talent teambuilding plan and management and leadership development training programs for employees at all levels to enhance the upward mobility of employees within the Company. The Group continued to expand the occupational development of the staff, enabling them to progress and grow with the Group. The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the career development of the staff. In 2023, the Group actively implemented the threeyear talent planning standard by continuously improving the manager management system and daily supervision system under the structure of the listed company CR Beer, so as to meet the needs of the organization, take into account the career development of employees, and continue to build up the advantages of beer talents. By continuing to build various talent team training programmes such as Leading Talent 100, we will build an echelon of management talents, carry out unified recruitment of management trainees and fresh graduates across the country, and replenish the talent reservoir. In addition, we continued to improve talent standards, used a variety of assessment tools to carry outtalent assessment, and improved talent standards and evaluation systems. At the same time, we improved the management measures for employee career development, promote the evaluation and recruitment management of professional directors, improved the promotion path, built a strong dual channel for career development, and enhanced the skill level of talents. (VI) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group has been continuously adhering to the work management philosophy of people oriented and safe development, regarding the safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursuing zero injuries and zero incidents. The Group strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and acted in diligence based on the safetyfirst management principle.
76 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Under the guidance of relevant laws and regulations, the Group strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of a responsibility system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate's safety management level. The Group has included occupational health and safety performance and performance of risk indicators as one of the considerations in the formulation of executive remuneration and employee bonus to reflect the responsibility of executives in enhancing the Group's occupational health and safety performance. In 2023, the Group has not received any complaints or notifications from any government authorities for any material violations of occupational health and safetyrelated laws and regulations as mentioned above. SAFETY PRODUCTION Safety production is an important part of the operation. With Zero Injuries and Zero Incidents as its management direction, the Group has set a safety production target of zero workrelated fatalities. In 2023, the Group had no production safety incident resulting in the death or serious injury of employees, holding the bottom line of safety production for four consecutive years. Statistics on workrelated fatalities in the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 and 2021 does not. In addition, the Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a nonzero control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand employees of less than 1. 65. In 2023, the Group recorded 30 employees with workrelated injuries and the number of working days lost due to workrelated injuries was 906 days. The injury rate per thousand employees was 0. 84 (injury rate per thousand employees No. of employees with workrelated injuries No. of employees in the company 1, 000). Unit 2023 2022 2021 Number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 0 1. 65 30 906 0. 84 1, 000
77 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 14 400 EHS EHS EHS EHS During the reporting period, there were 14 traffic accidents among employees of the marketing system, resulting in 400 working days lost. In order to strictly control the marketing safety risks, the Group subsequently launched a threeyear special campaign on marketing safety, determined the management process and standard requirements of traffic safety, and promoted and implemented it in all units within the Group. In addition, in term of the safety infrastructure of the marketing system, the Group issued a number of systems, such as the Comprehensive Management Measures for Marketing EHS (Trial), the EHS Management Guidelines for Marketing Leased Office Space, the Safety Management Guidelines for Marketing System Teambuilding Activities, the Traffic Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System, the Fire Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System and the Notice on Implementing Job Responsibilities of Parttime Safety Administrators in Sales Regions, in a bid to standardize the EHS management of marketing centers of CR Snow, CRWH Marketing Management Center and marketing centers of subordinate project companies in provinces, and clarified the work requirements and workflow of safety management for marketing rented office space and teambuilding activities aswell as daily EHS comprehensive management. j d EHS d e d 30 55 f Case In June, 2023, the Group held a threeday marketing system EHS seminar and exchange meeting in Wuhan, which discussed and summarized in combination with the pain points and difficulties in the current stage of marketing safety management, and was attended by 55 marketing system principals and fulltime safety managers from 30 provincial marketing units of China Resources Beer.
78 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report External certifications Unit 2023 2022 Number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization Plants 61 59 Certification breakdown Number of plants that recognized as the secondclass enterprise Plants 29 24 Number of plants that recognized as the thirdclass enterprise Plants 32 35 ISO 45001 Number of plants that obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification Plants 27 16 EHS The Group are committed to improving our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that the Group's safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company's business. Through reidentifying and reevaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. In the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers, the Group specifies that the working environment of suppliers and employees shall be subjected to safety precautions and protection of employees occupational health. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of prequalification, preservice preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal.
79 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group's requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group's safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. j Case Intelligent Personnel Violation Warning System of Xindu Plant Xindu Plant installs personnel identification and monitoring system in the palletizer fence of the packaging department. If personnel enter the area illegally, it will send out sound and light alarm prompts, and at the same time, the onsite and office monitoring videos will receive alarm information until the personnel leave the dangerous area, thus realizing the manmachine linkage function. The Group has incorporated the safety management of related parties into the second phase of the informatization construction project, and will ensure that the overall management and control of related parties can unify standards and processes through informatization empowerment. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventiveoriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behaviour with full participation, focused on process control, regulated staff's safety behavior as well as innovated safety inspection methods. The Group also identified and rectified potential dangers through flight inspection and review video monitoring to implement safe production.
80 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS 16 EHS 46 6 1, 677 35 EHS EHS In 2023, the Group organized the safety production month and safety production inspection activities of China Resources Beer. 16 EHS inspection teams were setup by the EHS Department. In the third quarter, 46 production plants and 6 marketing centers of CR Snow were inspected on site, anda total of 1, 677 and 35 hidden problems were inspected respectively, most of which were rectified. The Group required all units to draw inferences from others, continuously strengthen the safety awareness of all employees, discover and eliminate EHS hidden dangers in time, and prevent various EHS accidents. In 2023, the Group comprehensively revised the hazardous operations safety management system, launched remediation projects on hot work operations, hoisting work operations, working at heights and fall protection, established an information system for hazardous operations safety management, and promoted the establishment of a fullprocess supervision mechanism for hazardous operations from application, approval, supervision, and acceptance to consolidate the foundation for safety management. For example, in September, the Group organized a kickoff meeting the launch of CR Beer Remediation Projects on Workingat Heights and Fall Protection, organized training at its factories to give detail explanation on the standards, processes and management requirements for highaltitude operation and fall protection operation, and clarified the subsequent transformation of various facilities, etc. In order to enhance the safety awareness of employees, the Group has carried out a number of projects and activities on occupational health and safety, including the 100 Day Campaign for Related Parties and Hazardous Operations, the China Resources Beer Safety Production Month, the Special Training on First Aid Knowledge of Jinsha Wine Industry, etc., in order to investigate major risks related to occupational safety and deal with potential crises through training and equipment renewal. In 2023, in view of the hidden dangers that may cause major accidents in safety and environmental protection, such as fire protection, ammonia refrigeration, dust and sewage management, the Group increased the number of inspections, strengthened investment in safety production funds, and ensured the bottom line of safety production.
81 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The relevant data on occupational health and safety management of the Group's beer business in the past two years are as follows. The data of baijiu business shall be collected and disclosed on the same basis in the next year The Group encouraged EHS managers at all levels to improve their business level, and arranged continuing education and training for those with registered safety engineer qualification certificates. In 2023, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 115 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 90 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. Unit 2023 2022 Safety checkup times Times 3, 070 1, 053 Exclusive funds for safe production purposes RMB 0 000 9, 287 5, 285 Safety education and training hours Hours 425, 700 642, 000 Safety training times to employees Times 53, 215 55, 304 Safety training times to suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related parties Times 23, 799 24, 975 Safety and Emergency drills Times 604 600 Participants 11, 683 11, 800 Safety education training rate 100 100 Occupational diseaserelated health checkup rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in the workplace 100 100 EHS 115 90
82 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOCCUPATIONAL HEALTH The Group pays attention to the occupational health management of employees and improves management by setting up occupational health management institutions and allocate occupational health management personnel. The Group monitors occupational hazards in the workplace and formulate occupational disease prevention and control plans and implementation plans accordingly. The Group is establishing and improving the occupational health management system, operating procedures, files, evaluation and system emergency rescue plan. In terms of the occupational health management of employees, the Group has compiled the Administrative Regulations on Occupational Health Checklist. The Group promoted health activities for all employees, advocated a healthy lifestyle, carried out employee health education, created a corporate culture that incorporates health considerations, and coordinated corporate development with employee health; built a good working environment for employees, vigorously implemented 5 S onsite management, and created a comfortable and pleasant working environment for employees as much as possible. In terms of improving the working environment, the Group has implemented standards such as the Regulations on the Administration of Occupational Health in the Workplace, strengthened the management of occupational disease prevention facilities, and effectively improved the working environment. In particular, scientific measures have been taken to strengthen the treatment and control of occupational disease hazards such as noise and dust. In 2023, the Group continued noise control projects of the previous year to ensure that the equivalent sound level of noise intensity exposed to employees at work remained below 80 dB(A). The Group has established standardized production plant noise control and monitoring process documents, drawn a noise map of the beer industry according to the noise risk level of the production site, established an early warning file for hearing loss of workers exposed to noise, assisted all units to predict the hearing loss of those workers in advance, reminded employees in advance to strengthen daily personal hearing protection, and established an effective hearing protection plan. The Group provided employees with a safe working environment and formulated policies to protect employees from occupational hazards, organized various production plants to actively participate in the construction of Healthy Enterprises, and actively participated in the application for Excellent Cases of Healthy Enterprise Construction organized by the National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China. China Resources Beer has won one excellent case plant for national health enterprise construction, one provincial health enterprise and seven municipal health enterprises. In addition, the Group also regularly organizes employees to participate in Registered Occupational Health Specialist training and encourages employees to obtain the certificate. 5 S 80 dB(A) 1 1 7
83 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to environmental protection and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. The Group strictly follows the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, aswell as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry, the Discharge Standard of Water pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boiler and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. The Group aims to develop a sound environmental management system and improve environmentrelated policies, adopts effective environmental operation and supervision rules, and implements internal control standards that are stricter than national or local government standards for pollutant emissions, with a view to achieving the best environmental performance. (I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE In conjunction with the business needs, the Group setup a comprehensive environmental protection management system and established an ecological environmental protection system optimization working group to discuss the optimization of the environmental protection system framework. In 2023, the Group completed the revision of rules and regulations for water pollution prevention and control, air pollution prevention and control, solid waste management, noise pollution prevention and control, and pollutant (sewage) management measures, which covered the EHS management of the baijiu business, and unified the management standards and templates. As of 2023, the Group implemented a total of 67 EHS systems, including 40 firesafety management systems, 20 food safety management systems and 7 environmental protection systems. EHS 67 EHS 40 20 7
84 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report During the period under review, the Group issued the CRB Six Prohibitions on Ecological Environmental Protection and included noncompliance in the judgement of significant environmental protection risks. The Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, CRWH EHS Responsibility Management Measures, Guizhou Jinsha EHS Responsibility Management System, CR Beer Three Year Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and other rules and regulations. For the first time, it established a comprehensive EHS management system in conjunction with the construction projects in progress, and issued the Draft for Comments of EHS Management System for Construction Projects, which marked the beginning of a new phase of specialized EHS management of CR Beer construction projects in progress. The Group completed the revision and issuance of the CR Beer Measures for Supervision and Management of Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Inspection Standards for Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System and the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges to promote the systematic and standardized management of environmental protection. In 2023, the Group organized a total of 8 training sessions on environmental protection laws and regulations, typical cases and relevant matters. In 2023, the Group promoted ecological environment protection, energy conservation and emission reduction work in a solid and effective manner inaccordance with the working mechanism of overall planning by the headquarters, overall responsibility by the region, and implementation by plants. The Group focused on 9 key tasks including the compliance of pollutant discharge permits, the whole process management of solid waste, strengthening environmental protection supervision and inspection, strengthening sewage source control, prevention and control of noises, environmental protection supervision of plants to be optimized. In order to actively change the EHS work situation and systematically improve the Company's EHS risk control and management capability, the Group setup an EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team in 2023, headed by Mr Hou Xiaohai, Chairman of the Board, which is responsible for researching and laying out the planning of the Company's EHS risk management and control and regularly reviewing the implementation of mediumand longterm risk control planning, accident and incident management and response to public opinion, EHS funding and implementation of work requirements of the higher level, and carrying out EHS risk management and control. According to the organizational structure of CRSB, the EHS Committee of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited was established to clearly define the EHS management structure and management responsibilities at all levels. CRSB, its production plants and marketing centers also set up corresponding EHS committees inaccordance with the requirements. EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 8 EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS
85 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group regularly organizes EHS meetings to summarize EHS work and deploy EHS tasks. In 2023, the Group held the ESG Task Force meeting and the carbon management thematic seminar for the first time and has respectively held the EHS Committee (Enlarged) meeting, the EHS quarterly working meeting, the EHS work summary and business seminar in the first half of 2023, the stage meeting of the EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team, and the summary meeting for the implementation status of the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan for the first half of 2023. The Group's President and senior management team, the heads and EHS functional personnel from each functional department center in the headquarters, from each region and each plant participated in the meetings through offline and online forms. The Group's EHS department prepares CRSB EHS Management Monthly Report every month to convey work requirements, reflect business trends, share work experience, and communicate information from top to bottom. In terms of EHS management of project companies, the Group organized and held a meeting to reemphasize the EHS inspection and rectification of CRWH project companies in 2023, and put forward specific requirements for the rectification measures made by CRWH based on the content of the Notice on EHS Inspection Report of CRWH Project Companies, so as to rapidly promote the rectification of EHS hazards, consolidate the EHS management, and control the EHS risks of CRWH project companies. The Group carried out the CRSB Regulation on EHS Responsibility of Position, the WH EHS Responsibility Management Measures, and other rules and regulations organized all levels, departments, and employees to sign the EHS Responsibility Statement with respect to the environment, climate change and other related KPIs. The EHS department coordinates the Production Center and its lowerlevel organizations (such as production zones, plants, etc.) to set annual carbon emission intensity assessment targets based on the company's overall carbon emission intensity annual plan. The assessment covers all production systems, including the head of regional production centers, regional production directors, plant leaders, EHS managers and all plant employees. The assessment also covers the Company's management team, which includes the Chairman of the board and president. In 2023, there were two indicators added to the EHS Responsibility Statement carbon emissions (Scope 1 Scope 2) per unit of output, and the ratio of clean energy usage to total electricity consumption. In 2023, the signing rate of EHS Responsibility Statement of the Group's employees is 100. In terms of environmental protection training, in 2023, the Group organized a total of 8 training and publicity sessions on environmental protection, water, air, solid waste, noise and other related systems, ecological and environmental protection statistical reporting in the Group's direct reporting system, and key inspection points of ecological environment, with a total of 1, 199 personnel from all units participating in the training and examinations. EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 100 8 1, 199
86 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report On 26 September 2023, CR Beer organized the online training on Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, focusing on the formation, principles and important requirements of Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, the latest policies and requirements of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, aswell as the enterprise's paths and ways to achieve green, lowcarbon and highquality development. Meanwhile, in light of the requirements of the upcoming third round of the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection, CR Beer introduced matters that the enterprise should pay attention to in meeting the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection. A total of 413 personnel participated in the training. In order to give full play to the role of talents in the supervision and management of ecological and environmental protection work, in 2023, the Group issued the Notice on the Entry of CR Beer Environmental Protection Experts into the Talent Pool, forming the CR Beer Environmental Protection Expert Pool, which consists of three expert groups Compliance Management, Wastewater System Management and Comprehensive Management. Through multidimensional evaluation of qualifications, professional skills and comprehensive ability, the first batch of 5 sewage experts, 3 compliance experts and 3 comprehensive experts were introduced in the talent pool. With the full implementation of the second transformation of the organization, in order to better eliminate the blind spots of EHS management and prevent and resolve major EHS risks, combined with the need for responsible interaction, the environmental protection experts provided assistance and business guidance on the risk issues raised by more than 10 production plants in Qiannan, Dongguan, Lanzhou, Hefei, Shangqiu and Hainan. In 2023, the Group issued the Notice on Further Clarifying Reporting Standards and Reporting Requirements for Environmental Protection Incidents, further clarifying the reporting standards, reporting time limits, reporting methods and reporting processes for environmental protection incidents in combination with the CR Beer Measures on EHS Accident and Incident Management. In 2023, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. 413 3 5 3 3 EHS EHS 10 EHS
87 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group promoted the inspection of ecological and environmental protection in units at all levels by means of plant selfinspection, regional inspection, headquarters random inspection, and lookback projects to achieve full coverage of all plants. In 2023, the Group issued investigation work requirements including Notice on Forwarding the Group's Warn to Effectively Strengthen Solid Waste Management, Forwarding Group's Notice on Carrying out Special Investigation and Rectification of Compliance Issues of Sewage and Drainage Permit Management, Notice on conducting Self Investigation and Self Correction of Ecological and Environmental Protection Project Inspections, and Notice on Further Strengthening Compliance Management of Environmental Protection Work. The Group gave risk warning on environmental impact assessment of construction projects, compliant disposal of general industrial solid waste, dust management of construction projects, sewage and drainage and other environmental protection compliance management, emphasized the compliance management requirements of environmental protection work, and conducted indepth investigations of environmental risks and hidden dangers. In 2023, the Group organized special compliance rectification of selfmonitoring of pollutant discharge. In October, the Group organized each unit to carry out an indepth compliance investigation and rectification work item by item, with a total of 175 problems being investigated. Meanwhile, the Group further refined the Special Checklist for Selfmonitoring of Pollutant Discharge Compliance Issues and carried out special training. In addition, the regular verification of original accounting documents and materials on discharge data of sewage, air, solid waste was carried out in 8 plants, with Qiannan Plant being one of them. 175 8
88 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data Step 3 Onsite environmental checks The Group develops and implements inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant establishes an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, conducts selfmonitoring on pollutants ona daily basis, and shares data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly entrusts thirdparty agencies with professional qualifications to carry out inspections on each production unit. The inspection scope covers water pollutants, air pollutants, noise, etc., and the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision would be publicly disclosed. Units at all levels of the Group inspect various environmental data regularly. By utilizing the environmental data reporting system, primarylevel units (plants) report the data directly, which is subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. The plants conducted regular onsite environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. Onsite checks have been conducted in all plants. Threestep management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer
89 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Unless otherwise indicated, the scope of the Group's environmental data mainly covers China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited and the production plants of subordinate units at all levels. The Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) on 10 January 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for management. The data of Guizhou Jinsha for the year 2023 has been collected, audited and included in the ESG reporting scope of the year in accordance with the relevant system, but the information for the same period in 2022 could not be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. The environmental impacts of the nonproduction departments (including the headquarters and regional companies, sales centers, business departments, etc.) are not material to that of the overall operation of the Group, thus are excluded from the data scope. The scope of environmental data (II) GREEN AND LOWCARBON DEVELOPMENT Green and lowcarbon operation Since 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into the Company's development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group's historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company's development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international toptier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14 th Five Year. The Group will continue to implement energy saving and emission reduction in various ways inaccordance with the 14 th Five Year Plan, including adjusting energy structure, optimizing production processes, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy use.
90 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2 1 24 62 2 CIP 90 MDCS 8 SCADA 26. 7 10 14 The Group continued to promote the optimization of production capacity, accelerate the elimination of highcarbon capacity and steadily increase capacity utilization rates. The Group improved the comprehensive evaluation standard system for production capacity optimization, and viewed pollutant emissions, carbon emission intensity and environmental sensitivity as important indicators for screening optimized plants. Meanwhile, carbon emission standards for relocated and newlybuilt plants were strictly controlled, and the carbon emission intensity of newlybuilt plants was required topass the environmental impact assessment implemented by the local Ecology and Environment Bureau, so as to promote the green transformation and upgrading of bases and major plants. During the year under review, the Group ceased the operation of two breweries and established anew intelligent chemical plant in Bengbu, Anhui Province. At the end of 2023, the Group's beer business operated 62 breweries in 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in Mainland China, and 2 baijiu production plants in Guizhou Province in Mainland China. The Group promoted process upgrades to reduce carbon emissions in the production process. In 2023, the Group promoted a study on the CIP (Clean In Place) cold cleaning technology and formally implemented process adjustments in the fourth quarter, with process upgrades implemented in 90 of breweries. The Group promoted the transformation of equipment to reduce carbon emissions and steadily phased out highemission equipment. In 2023, the Group replaced all highemission equipment, all transmission devices were configured in accordance with the standards of Grade I energy efficiency, and plantwide heat energy balance planning and layout was carried out in all of its Grade I and Grade II plants. The Group has been actively carrying out intelligent manufacturing in the field of production, accelerating the intelligent upgrading of equipment such as equipment renewal, automation upgrading, data collection and analysis, and construction of centralized monitoring systems in beer production plants, etc. The Group plans to complete MDCS (Manufacturing Data Collection & Status Management) in all production plants by 2025 to promote automation and information integration, integrate existing resources and reduce carbon emissions. In 2023, eight of the Group's plants successfully launched the SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition), with 26. 7 of the overall project target achieved. With respect to the intelligent upgrading of production equipment, in 2023, 10 of the Group's plants completed the implementation of the equipment intelligent upgrading project, and 14 plants have signed contracts. In terms of promoting the construction of intelligent systems, in 2023, the Group completed the system construction of intelligent projects in Zhengzhou Plant, which has been formally put into operation.
91 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group strictly controls building energy efficiency standards and carries outbuilding energy efficiency renovation. 100 of the newlybuilt plants in Bengbu, Liangshan, Xiamen and Jinan purchased energysaving and environmentallyfriendly building materials, and building energy efficiency assessments have been carried out in all newlybuilt projects and products selected have passed the green building materials certification. The Group advocates a lowcarbon administrative office. In 2023, 104, 938 offline meetings were replaced by online meetings, and offline reimbursements were reduced by 15, 538 sheets yearonyear. In 2023, the Group continued to promote the Green Plant construction project and formulated the CR Beer Green Plant Construction Program, with a plan to build 15 national green plants, 30 provincial green plants and realize 100 coverage of municipal green plants by the end of 2025. As of January 2024, 9 of the Group's plants have been awarded the title of provincial Green Plant, among which 5 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu, Qiannan and Wuhan have been awarded the title of national Green Plant. The Group actively carried out the Carbonneutral Plant construction project. The Group plans to complete the construction of at least 2 Carbonneutral Plant by the end of 2024 and obtain certification in accordance with the ISO 140681 (PAS 2060) Carbon Neutral Implementation Standard. During the period under review, the Group has completed the project approval, expert review, bidding, and invited third party organizations to complete the preliminary onsite investigation of 11 plants, and some of the plants have completed the confirmation of the Carbonneutral Plant construction plan. Green and Lowcarbon Supply Chain The Group encourages suppliers to produce in a green way and assume environmental responsibility. In the Supplier Commitment, suppliers are expressly required touse effectively existing resources and minimize negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; and to advocate to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, develop and promote environmentrelated technological application. The Group also encourages green logistics by actively promoting the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in longdistance freight transportation to reduce the proportion of trucks used in longdistance transportation. According to the China Products Carbon Footprint Factors Database (2022) issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Group's carbon emission reduction resulted from multimodal transport totaled 11, 940 tonnes CO 2 equivalent in 2023, of which the carbon emission reductions from marine transport and railway transport were 1, 650 tonnes CO 2 equivalent and 10, 290 tonnes CO 2 equivalent, respectively. In 2023, the Group completed the construction of the platform for the national warehouse network planning project and put it into operation. 100 104, 938 15, 538 15 30 100 9 5 ISO 140681 (PAS 2060) 2 11 (2022) 11, 940 1, 650 10, 290
92 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case Lanzhou sales region promoted the reform of the bottle recycling channel 17 13 62 Currently, the participation rate of distributors in bottle recycling is low, and the market is mostly dominated by social channels (e. g. scavengers, bottle recyclers, etc.) that recycle waste bottles in sacks and return them to the plant, with high bottle damage and poor quality. In August 2023, the Group launched a bottle recycling channel reconstruction project to flatten the bottle recycling structure, shorten the intermediate links, promote palletising of recycled bottles and improve the quality of recycled bottles. By reestablishing the distributorbased bottle recycling system, the bottle recycling business will become anew profitmaking point for the distributors and improve the service quality of the distributors to the terminals. In Lanzhou sales region, a pilot region, 13 out of 17 distributors have setout for bottle recycling, 62 of the distributors have fully implemented the palletised bottle recycling mode. With the gradual followup of the marketing centers and sales regions, the Group will lead the beer bottle recycling industry to bid farewell to the old era of bottle recycling in sacks and cartons, and fully usher in the new era of distributorbased palletised bottle recycling. The Group extended its green and lowcarbon management to downstream channel marketing by targeted procurement of Grade I energyefficient customized freezers to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions in downstream channels. The Group optimized the glass bottle recycling model by reducing the intermediate stages such as bottle handling and washing from the design of logistics and transportation routes and the integration of shipping capacity, so as to increase the turnover rate and the recycling rate of glass bottles, and to reduce the procurement of new bottles and the impact of carbon emissions from packaging materials.
93 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Group recruited experts in the field of product carbon footprint, completed the launch, approval and expert verification of the value chain synergistic carbon reduction path research project, and initially completed the business planning for product carbon footprint. The Group promoted supply chain coupling and collaborative carbon reduction, and actively understood the carbon emission management and ESG report situation and preparation status of starrated suppliers and grouptype suppliers, and formed a research and statistical table. The Group is studying the adoption of onsite theoretical calculation methods to comprehensively sort out the total amount of Scope 3 carbon emissions and carbon emission intensity, and gradually promote the statistics on Scope 3 carbon emission data. The Group plans to invite professional organizations to carry out carbon footprint assessments of its core products in accordance with the LCA (Life Cycle Assessment) principle in 2024, based on which it will start the research on value chain synergistic carbon reduction path, sort out the distribution of carbon emissions in upstream and downstream channels of the value chain of the beer and baijiu businesses, and quantify the carbon emissions in key carbon emission segments of the entire value chain, so as to assist the enterprise in building a carbon emission management system for the upstream and downstream companies in the value chain. The Group considers the risks and opportunities of lowcarbon transformation from a longterm perspective, divides responsibilities by department, establishes supplier management documents at each level, and issues thirdparty certified CFP (Carbon Footprint of Product) and EPD (Environmental Product Declaration). Optimize Energy Structure The Group continued to optimize its energy management system. In 2023, 8 of the Group's plants in Lu'an, Jilin, Harbin, Heilongjiang, Xing an, Binhai, Hebei and Ningbo were awarded the Energy Management System Certification. In terms of energy metering, the Group has achieved a complete configuration of threelevel metering instruments (master meter, secondary meter and tertiary meter). In 2023, the Group initiated the construction of an intelligent plant project with a total investment of RMB 53. 95 million to promote the implementation of an intelligent energy management system module for the automatic collection and analysis of energy consumption data. At the end of 2023, 25 breweries affiliated to the Group implemented automatic collection of energy data and it is planned to achieve full coverage by 2026. ESG LCA CFP EPD 8 5, 395 25
94 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Steam decoding Electricity consumption decoding Carbon dioxide recycling Saccharification steam consumption decoding; Biogasgenerated steam decoding; Glass bottle packaging line decoding. Glass bottle packaging line decoding; Cans and jars packaging line decoding; Theoretical calculation of electrical consumption for packaging; Refrigeration power consumption accounting; Icewater deoxygenation segmentation. Decoding of desirable recycling quantities; Decoding of desirable use quantities; Standardization of carbon dioxide outsourcing. 20. 4 The Group has fully achieved zero coal consumption since 2021, being committed to reducing the use of nonrenewable natural resources such as gasoline, diesel and natural gas, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy used. In 2023, the Group made successful achievements as below The reform of companyowned vehicles has been fully implemented. The chartered vehicle business was introduced, with most of the companyowned vehicles basically cancelled in plants. Gasoline consumption of beer business decreased by 20. 4 year on year due to the reduction of companyowned vehicles. In order to reduce energy consumption and achieve lowcarbon production, the Group continued to promote energy decoding. In 2023, the Group organized workshops on steam consumption, enhancement of steam production from biogas and efficient refrigeration operation to continuously promote energy consumption improvement. In respect of the use of steam and electricity, based on the principle of conservation of energy and taking into account the characteristics of the brewing process and the optimal operation mode, the Group studied and output the desirable values of energy consumption in key processes. The Group also actively promoted heat recovery systems to supply waste heat from brewing to packaging. In addition, the Group continued to promote multidimensional benchmarking management of energy consumption, including benchmarking of desirable consumption values and horizontal comparisons among plants, to identify anomalies in water heat balances, heat losses and thermal efficiency, and to identify shortcomings in the business and make improvements.
95 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 69. 1 29 6 12. 4 Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear Change 1, 000 Total Energy Consumption 1, 000 k Wh 1, 848, 696 1, 804, 685 2. 4 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Nonrenewable energy sources 1, 000 k Wh 358, 313 410, 293 12. 7 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Renewable energy sources 1, 000 k Wh 8, 466 7, 318 15. 7 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Electricity purchased 1, 000 k Wh 551, 235 565, 551 2. 5 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Imported steam 1, 000 k Wh 930, 683 821, 523 13. 3 1, 000 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1, 000 k Wh kilolitre output 0. 1708 0. 1584 7. 8 72 1, 000 The use of electric forklifts in place of diesel forklifts was actively promoted to reduce the number of diesel forklifts used in plants. Diesel consumption decreased by 69. 1 yearonyear with the outsourcing of the forklift operation business and the cancellation of diesel forklifts used in plants. The number of plants using natural gas decreased to 29, among which 6 were equipped with a dual supply system of outsourced steam lines and natural gas boilers, and can be adjusted according to the energy supply situation to ensure stable and economical energy consumption. During the period under review, natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 year on year. The energy consumption of the Group in the past two years is setout as follows Same item of consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit has been listed as on page 72 but presented in the unit of 1, 000 k Wh. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The production processes and procedures for baijiu differ significantly from those for beer, so the yearonyear fluctuations arise from baijiu products with more intensive energy and resource consumption. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data.
96 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Renewable Energy The Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. The project team of Research on the Optimization of Sewage Anaerobic Biogas Steam Production System was established to further improve the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield, promote good practice experience and practices, improve the biogas yield of each production plant, resulting in mature technologies and best operation models after years of research. In 2023, the Group further promoted the optimization study of the biogasgenerated steam system and established the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield through a threestep action of strengthening the source control capability, enhancing the anaerobic treatment capability and improving the boiler's steam production capability, which was fully promoted among its subsidiaries. In 2023, the Group newly equipped 3 breweries with biogas boilers, bringing the total number to 38 and the deployment rate to 62, generating approximately 132, 000 tonnes of steam from biogas and saving approximately RMB 35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. The Group steadily promotes photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects, increasing the amount of photovoltaic power generation and electricity consumption actively. Since the first pilot photovoltaic power generation project was launched in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang in 2019, the Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants tobe built aswell as plants in operation, and signed a framework agreement with China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited to promote photovoltaic project cooperation among the first batch of 24 plants. In 2023, Xiaoshan, Nanjing and Bengbu plants were put into operation and Jinan Plant signed the photovoltaic power generation contract with the project under construction. Upon completion of the project, it is expected to generate 86. 53 million k Wh of electricity annually and reduce carbon emissions by 72, 800 tonnes each year. In addition, the Group continued to coordinate the procurement of green power, making use of renewable energy according to local conditions. The Group is promoting mediumtolongterm strategic procurement of green power such as wind power, hydropower, solar power, and nuclear power in an orderly manner, with timely adjustment of the proportion of procurement according to changes in local ongrid electricity prices. In 2023, the Group coordinated and promoted the procurement of green power in 21 of its plants, with some plants having achieved 100 green power. 3 38 62 13. 2 3, 517 24 8, 653 7. 28 21 100
97 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 6, 892 12. 38 9 15 j 100 Case 100 green power direct purchase of Binhai Plant 100 In 2023, CRSB Binhai Plant actively sought external green energy channels, and signed an allgreen power direct purchase agreement with China Resources (Beijing) Electric Power Sales Co., Ltd. ( ( ) ) to finalize the supply of 100 green power, which will facilitate CRSB Binhai Plant in achieving the goal of becoming a zerocarbon power plant in 2024, marking a new breakthrough for CRSB in the path of green and lowcarbon development. 12. 4 8. 6 In 2023, through the active promotion of photovoltaic power generation projects and the procurement of green power, the total electricity used by the Group from renewable energy amounted to 68. 92 million k Wh, accounting for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption by the beer business. The Group has set a target to increase the proportion of newenergy electricity consumption to total electricity consumption tobe no less than 9 for the year, with a longterm target to increase the proportion to 15. Atmospheric Pollutant Emission Management The Group has formulated the Measures for the Management of Air Pollution Prevention and Control to clarify the responsibilities, requirements, management and monitoring measures for the prevention and control of air pollution. All of the Group's plants have phased out their coalfired boilers, and the amount of coal consumption in 2023 continued to be zero. In addition, the Group reduced its consumption of fossil fuels such as natural gas by improving the efficiency of biogas recycling and utilization, and increasing the use of renewable energy. In 2023, the Group's natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 yearonyear, and the low sulphur content of the natural gas purchased by some of its plants drove down sulphur dioxide emissions by 8. 6 yearonyear.
98 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group continued to implement lownitrogen combustion conversion for gasfired boilers in recent years. In 2023, 11 plants implemented lownitrogen combustion renovation of gas (biogas) boilers, which reduced the emission of atmospheric pollutants and led to a yearonyear decrease of 10. 2 in nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions. In 2023, CR Beer stepped up its efforts in sewage and odour management, with 9 of its plants investing approximately RMB 8. 92 million in newlyadded deodorization equipment or upgrading of deodorization equipment to reduce odour complaints from neighbouring residents. Other odorous gases such as waste gases from yeast drying and injection moulding were also collected and disposed of simultaneously, anda cumulative investment of approximately RMB 2. 4 million was made for renovation in biogas collection and utilization. The Group'sair emissions was mainly generated from the burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process, data of air emissions in the past two years are setout as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. GHG Emission Management The Group has incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its development strategy, formulated carbon emission intensity decomposition tasks accordingly and added them to the strategic review and evaluation. In 2022, the Group established the working group to formulate and issue the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan, which clearly defined 8 major directions and 25 key measures in terms of the implementation path and quantitative guidelines, with a view to ensuring that the Company will achieve sustained carbon reduction in the next three years, and striving to achieve green transformation and highquality development. 11 (NOx) 10. 2 9 892 240 Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear Change (SO 2) Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) Tonnes 8 9 8. 6 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 60 67 10. 2 25
99 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 25 4 2025 2023 2025 Key Objectives 2023 Completion Status 2 3 3 Explore Carbonneutral Plant construction program and carry out pilot construction of 2 to 3 carbonneutral demonstration plants. Carbonneutral Plant construction program for three pilot plants in Liangshan, Bengbu and Wuhan were formulated and are now being promoted for implementation. 3 4 4 3 Promote lowcarbon operations and the construction of Green Plant with a goal to gain thereof title in 3 to 4 plants. A total of 4 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu and Qiannan were awarded the title of 2023 National Green Plant; a total of 3 plants in Hebei, Neijiang and Qiandongnan were awarded the title of 2023 Provincial Green Plant. 12 68. 5 19. 4 During the 14 th Five Year Plan, reduce carbon emissions per unit of product (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by 12 compared with 2020. The carbon emission intensity per unit of product of CRSB in 2023 was 68. 5 kg CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output, a decrease of 19. 4 compared with 2020. 9 15 6, 892 12. 38 To increase the proportion of newenergy electricity consumption in total electricity consumption to no less than 9, with a longterm goal to exceed 15. 68. 92 million k Wh of newenergy electricity was used in 2023, accounting for 12. 38 of total electricity consumption. 9 2. 6 EHS 1 1 6 78 In 2023, the Group continued to monitor the implementation of the Carbon Peak Action Plan, regularly assessed the specific work progress of the 25 key measures, rearranged and clarified the contact person of each department and adjusted the objectives and implementation plan inaccordance with the changes in the responsibilities of departments and personnel after the second transformation of CR Beer, and conducted onsite assistance and inspections at the four plants in Dongguan, Bengbu, Xindu and Nanjing. The main objectives and completion status of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan are set out as follows In 2023, the Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, which set out specific requirements for carbon emission management organizations and responsibilities, carbon emission data management, carbon asset trading, etc., and improved the carbon emission management system. In terms of the organizational structure of carbon emission management, the Group introduced domestic and foreign carbon emission management professionals, defined fulltime carbon management positions, and clearly setup separate carbon emission management positions in the EHS departments of 9 plants with carbon emissions of 26, 000 tonnes or more. In addition, the Group conducted research and analysis of economic policies on carbon asset trading, completed one internal inventory estimation of carbon assets, and communicated with the finance department once; completed 6 carbon management training sessions, and trained 78 personnel with carbon inventory capabilities.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 100 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during beer production process Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from production processes Emissions from fuel combustion Milling Prote olysis Starch excipients Milling Gelatinization Gelatinated starch Carbon dioxide Yeast Hops Carbon dioxide Corporate boundaries Maturation Filtration Fermentation Wort boiling Wort separation Wort cooling Packag ing container cleaning Sterilization Filling Cartonning Spent yeast Condensing solid waste Malt Filter tank cleaning Wort filtration Sacchari f ication In 2023, the Group revised and issued the CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines to strengthen the standardized management of the monitoring, statistical and accounting processes of carbon emission information, improve the compliance of carbon emission accounting, which provides basic support for the implementation of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan and for the fulfilment of corporate social responsibility. The methodology stipulates that the scope of accounting of the Group's carbon emissions is carbon dioxide and methane emissions generated during the production process of China Resources Breweries (Holdings) Company Limited and its subsidiaries at all levels, including the beer business and baijiu business.
101 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during baijiu production process Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from fuel combustion Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Starter making process Baijiu making process Wheat Moisturizing Milling Coarse wheat f lour Mixing Treading Stacking and incubation in the pit Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Water Ripe starter Starter powder Grinding Raw starter Storage Splitting Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Rearranging Crushing Batching Master tank Grain steaming Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Crushing Batching Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Grain steaming (roast Baijiu) Distillation into Baijiu Moisturizing Six cycles 17 Baijiu of 17 rounds The Group voluntarily and proactively discloses more information related to carbon emissions, and since 2021 the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The Company completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) in 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for coordinated management, thus the GHG emissions generated by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (including CRSB and Guizhou Jinsha) and its subsidiaries at all levels during the production process were included in the scope of statistics. The expansion of data scope reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 102 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Total greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are setout as follows The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines. To enhance accuracy, the calculation method has been updated in 2023 with reference to the Notice on the Management of Greenhouse Gas Emission Reporting of Enterprises in the Power Generation Industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial), and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group decreased by 5. 2 year on year in 2023 compared to 2022, despite the effect brought by inclusion of data from the newly acquired baijiu project company, Guizhou Jinsha. Though there is significant difference in the production process of baijiu business as compared with that of beer, and baijiu products are of higher energy and resource consumption intensity as compared with beer products, the Group's GHG emissions intensity per unit product was decreased by 0. 4 year on year, thanks to the Group's active and effective greenhouse gas emission management measures. Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear Change 1 177 202 12. 8 Total greenhouse gas emission (Scope 1) 1, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent 2 629 648 2. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 806 850 5. 2 (Scope 1 2) 1 0. 016 0. 018 9. 4 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit(Scope 1) Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 2 0. 058 0. 057 1. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 0. 074 0. 075 0. 4 (Scope 1 2) 2023 2025 1 2 5. 2 1 2 0. 4
103 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Regardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group's beer business recorded a yearonyear decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) as compared with that of 2022, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the Group's proactive response to the call of the State to vigorously promote emission reduction and carbon mitigation measures at all levels of the value chain and its continuous promotion of the photovoltaic power generation project and the procurement of green power. Since 2022, the Group has included carbon emissions per RMB 10, 000 of production value (in tonnes per RMB 10, 000) in the annual KPIs for its subsidiaries at all levels for monthly statistics, with the appraisal results being applied in the ranking of the monthly performance of plants and key responsible persons, thus realizing internal carbon pricing. In 2023, the Group actively promoted the recycling and utilization of carbon dioxide and standardized the criteria for purchasing carbon dioxide taking into account the changes in the product mix of different plants, so as to promote a balance between recycling and utilization and facilitate carbon neutrality in the production chain. In 2023, 8 of the Group's breweries achieved zero carbon dioxide procurement, and the Group's overall outsourcing ratio decreased by 0. 6 kg kilolitre output, representing a yearonyear decrease of approximately 10. The Group reduced the carbon emission impact of packaging materials by enhancing the recycling of packaging materials and promoting the application of lightweighting packaging materials. Among the packaging materials used by the Group, caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reused materials. In 2023, the Group's use of newly purchased glass bottles decreased by 5. 97 yearonyear, and 10. 69 billion glass bottles were successfully recycled, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488 kilotonnes for the year; the use of aluminium cans also decreased by 1. 78 yearonyear. 1 2 13 8 0. 6 10 5. 97 106. 9 4, 488 1. 78
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 104 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case CR Beer held the first carbon management thematic seminar EHS 51 On 1112 April 2023, a seminar on the carbon management work of CR Beer and the kickoff meeting of the carbonneutral plant construction project was held at CR Beer Wuhan Plant. A total of 51 participants attended the meeting, including the CR Beer management, managementlevel employees of the carbon management function of the EHS Department of CRH, representatives of the CRB Institute of Technology, CR Beer regional companies, CRSB Production Center Area, and key carbon emission plants. This meeting is the first thematic seminar on carbon management organized by CR Beer, and it is an important start for CR Beer to enhance its brand value and market competitiveness with green and lowcarbon concepts. The meeting analyzed the situation and problems faced by CR Beer in achieving carbon neutrality, and promoted the smooth progress of CR Beer's carbon neutrality work in a scientific, reasonable and orderly manner. The meeting is also an official launch of the CR Beer Carbonneutral Plant Construction Project. Mr. Hou Xiaohai, the then CEO of CR Beer, pointed out that CR Beer, as a central enterprise anda listed company, should be downtoearth in promoting the implementation of its carbon reduction initiatives, and strive to promote its carbon management to anew level in three years.
105 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d Case Official inauguration of CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center to boost the dual carbon initiative CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilisation and Storage) In line with the trend of green development in the wine industry, CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center was officially inaugurated on 19 January 2024. It is the only research centre in the country for different types of wines that is dedicated to carbon neutrality innovations in the field of beer and baijiu, and its research tasks mainly include Soft science research national dual carbon policy planning, analysis of the current situation of the upstream and downstream channels of the beer baijiu industry, and investigation and research on the technological research and application of key enterprises and institutions. R&D projects in the field of dual carbon tapping into innovative projects to carry out research on the efficient use of green and clean energy, lowcarbon and zerocarbon industrial (commercial) process reengineering, lowcarbon buildings, green building materials, lowcarbon new materials, CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage), ecological environment management and restoration in plants, ecological environment management and restoration, and ecological environment governance and restoration, ecocarbon sinks, monitoring and assessment of carbon sources and sinks, carbon asset management and development, and other technologies. Establishment of a carbonneutral industryacademiaresearch cooperation platform carrying out technological research work in the field of dual carbon jointly with universities and research institutes through cooperation. As a leading enterprise in the domestic beer industry, CR Beer has made its contributions to the realization of the national dual carbon goals by accelerating the research, transformation and application of green carbonneutral technologies in the beer and baijiu industries.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 106 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF CLIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has longterm and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on business operations. At the Board level, the Audit Committee hold semiannual meetings, in which ESGrelated business risk would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. At business operation level, the audit department and EHS department of the Group regularly review, oversee and guide the assessment, change and response of all the significant risks of the Company including climaterelated risks. The Chairman of the Board of the Group is responsible for the management of issues related to climate change. As at the end of each year, the Group carries out the identification, assessment and mitigation of significant risks of the ensuing year; monitors significant risks on a quarterly basis; and forecast natural disaster risk situations ona monthly basis and issue them to all units. The Group's management processes for major risks, including climate risks, include five steps information collection, risk assessment, risk mitigation, risk monitoring & early warning, and risk management supervision and improvement. Each unit of CR Beer comprehensively and timely collects internal and external information and risk events related to climate change, including historical data and future predictions, and identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks to determine alist of major climate change risks. Starting from the management objectives and current situation, the Group implements climate risk mitigation plans based on risk management strategies, regularly track changes in climate risk, evaluates management and control effectiveness, identifies deficiencies, and urges rectification. The Group updates CR Beer Risk Classification Framework on an annual basis, integrating contents related to climate risks into ESGrelated risks. For example, acute physical risks such as heat waves, floods, typhoons and extreme precipitation are treated as production safety risks and occupational health risks, chronic physical risks in the form of sea level rise, average temperature rise and ocean acidification are addressed as environmental protection risks and dual carbon management risks. The Group refers to the TCFD (Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures) framework for climate risk management, starting from the four core elements, i. e. governance, strategy, risk management and metrics & targets, aswell as climaterelated risks and opportunities. ESG EHS ESG (TCFD)
107 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Scenario Analysis of Climate Change Climate scenario analysis is a powerful tool which can help CR Beer understand the impacts of its business under different emission scenarios, identify significant climaterelated opportunities and risks, understand current and future development trends, develop longterm, mediumterm and shortterm strategies to cope with climate change, and integrate climaterelated opportunities and risk factors into the Group's overall strategy. In 2023, CR Beer carried out climate scenario analysis in accordance with TCFD suggestions and adopted qualitative and quantitative methods to determine possible financial impacts of the most significant physical risks on its assets and operations. The most significant physical risks identified by the Group include Water scarcity Longterm drought caused by climate change, making it impossible to produce. Extreme heat Rising average temperatures and increasing number of hot days, making it impossible to produce. To assess the physical climate risks of water scarcity, the Group assesses overall risks of water scarcity under low emission (RCP 2. 6) and high emission (RPC 8. 5) scenarios with the year of 2050 as the forecast time frame, adopting World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas as an assessment tool. Based on the coordinates of all the Group's plants, through quantitative calculation and qualitative assessment, it is accurately identified that, as of the end of 2023, a total of 16 plants under the Group were at high risk of water scarcity in eight provinces in North China, Northeast China, East China, Southwest China, Central China and Northwest China, accounting for 24 of the total plants. To this end, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in waterscarce areas and improved the water consumption efficiency of operating plants in these areas in recent years. As at the end of 2023, three highrisk plants in Heilongjiang, Liaoning and Sichuan had been shut down for optimization. To assess the physical climate risks of extreme heat, the Group assesses overall risks of extreme heat under high emission (RPC 8. 5) scenarios with the year of 20412060 as the forecast time frame, adopting IPCC WGI Interactive Atlas of the United Nations as an assessment tool. Through quantitative calculation and qualitative assessment, it was determined that a total of 9 plants of CR Beer were at high risk of extreme heat in seven provinces in North China and Northwest China, accounting for 13 of the total plants. TCFD (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas 2050 (RCP 2. 6) (RPC 8. 5) 16 8 24 3 IPCC WGI Interactive Atlas 2041 2060 (RPC 8. 5) 9 7 13
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 108 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Through integration and summary, the Group identified that two plants in Hebei Province and Shaanxi Province were faced with high risks of both water scarcity and extreme heat. In future, CR Beer will strengthen the plant management and strategic adjustment in provinces with high climate risks, with a view to conducting more effective management of its climate risks such as water scarcity and extreme weather, and ensuring that production efficiency and sustainable development goals can be achieved in a changing climate environment. In 2023, the Group invited thirdparty organizations to verify the overall carbon emission data in 2022, issue a carbon verification report, analyse and summarize carbon emission sources of CR Beer as per ISO 14064 and other standards, and formulated carbon neutrality implementation approaches according to the source, which mainly comprised energy conservation, equipment renovation, green transformation, green energy purchasing, new technology and new process exploration, etc. CR Beer has made preliminary scenario analysis on 2050, 2060 Carbon Neutrality, covering analysis on carbon emission sources, carbon neutrality implementation approaches, cost analysis, scenario prediction, carbon reduction estimation of key projects, etc. In order to strengthen the control of climate change risks, CR Beer plans to carry out scenario analysis based on 1. 5 2 centigrade and SBT (Science Based Target), and develop longterm, mediumterm and shortterm strategies to cope with climate change, which will be released indue course. Response to Impacts of Significant Climate Change on Business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chains such as the import of raw materials. Given this situation, the Procurement Department of the Group continuously conducted monitoring and risk assessment on extreme weather. Once extreme weather such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. To safeguard the stability of future operation and supply, the Group ensures supply sources of raw materials from various places, with a view to avoiding excessively depending on the suppliers in a single area and further improving the tenacity of supply chain for responding to climate change. 2 ISO 14064 2050 2060 1. 5 2 SBT
109 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report On the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. To protect water resources toa maximum extent, the Group took active actions in all plants, especially the plants located in waterscarce areas, such as reducing the use of underground water and increasing the use of recycled water, optimizing, upgrading and modifying beer brewing processes, for the purpose of reducing water consumption during production process year by year. The Group will continue to consider climate change issues as its focus in site selection process for factory and optimization of its production efficiency and include local water shortage in its assessment. In 2023, CR Beer formulated and issued the Notice on Situation Prediction of Natural Disaster Risks ona monthly basis according to actual business situations in combination with the meteorological and geological disaster information released by the relevant national meteorological departments and emergency management departments, and held an emergency meeting on the Prevention and Response to Extreme Weather Risks if necessary. The Group analysed the natural disasters in the areas where all the regional companies and units are located, and gave warnings on relevant work. In 2023, CR Beer formulated and issued the Notice on the Safety and Environmental Protection of Summer Flood Prevention and Heatstroke Prevention, providing arrangement requirements for summer flood prevention, extreme weather response, heatstroke prevention; forwarded the CRH Warning on the Prevention and Response to Occupational Frostbite to all the subordinate units, requiring each unit to make deployments and arrange cold prevention in advance, and focus on the prevention and control of occupational health hazards arising from lowtemperature operation or operation in cold weather; formulated and issued the Notice on Further Strengthening the Production Safety and Fire Safety, requiring each unit to comprehensively strengthen the fire safety management in winter, promptly identify and rectify potential dangers, enhance employees fire prevention awareness, popularize common sense of fire prevention, and master the fire escape and selfrescue knowledge and skills. The Group required all units to strengthen the risk identification of extreme disaster weather (such as rainstorm, mountain torrents, high and lowtemperature weather, and geological disasters), enhance the disaster risk prevention awareness, promote the transformation from risk governance to prevention in advance, implement various preventive measures for natural disasters and selfrescue and mutual rescue skill training, and make emergency response after disasters.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 110 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water Resources Management Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerning the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. To strengthen water resources management, the Group formulated 17 management indicators, including reverse osmosis sewage rate, condensate water recycling rate, water recycling rate and reuse rate according to national standards, and included them for unified supervision and calculation. The President and Vice President of the Company are responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management. The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energysaving technology and applied relevant technology into all operating plants to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include Lean production to reduce the frequency of CIP cleaning; Transformation of Water thermal balance for major waterconsuming equipment used in the packaging process (i. e. bottle washing machine, sterilizer); Recycling steam in the saccharification process; Air cooling in winter in the north to reduce cooling water consumption; Utilizing condensed water for heat exchange of packaging machines, etc. The Group actively promotes the recycling and utilization of water resources and reduces the waste of water resources while ensuring the process and quality of beer products. In 2023, the recycled water consumption of the Group amounted to 380, 840, 000 tonnes, 13 times the freshwater consumption. The recycled water is mainly used for the following production process Recycling in the auxiliary procedures (cooling, air pressure, CO 2 recycling and boiler cooling water). Using wort cooling water in the saccharification process for feeding; Recycling cooling water in the packaging vacuum pump; Utilizing reclaimed water after sewage treatment as the flushing water of the sludge filter press. 17 CIP 38, 084 13
111 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In respect of water management of the newly acquired baijiu business, the domestic water in Guizhou Jinsha is mainly from the municipal water supply, surface water and recycled water. The production water is mainly from the underground water obtained in strict compliance with the local water withdrawal license system. Guizhou Jinsha collects bottle washing water and surrounding rainwater by building an unconventional water utilization system, and uses them for plant greening, flushing and dust prevention via pump houses and pipe network, which reduces usage of raw water and increases the utilization of rainwater and reclaimed water. In addition, it connects water measurement facilities to the electronic information platform for water consumption monitoring and management, and replaces working facilities with energysaving appliances to control water consumption. Guizhou Jinsha has successfully passed the inspection of the Provincial Watersaving Benchmark Enterprise. In 2023, the Group started the construction of watersaving plants, encouraging qualified plants to setup advanced models and improving the efficiency of industrial water use. In 2023, five plants of the Group in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan won the title of provincial watersaving enterprise. In March 2023, Wuhan Plant was awarded the title of National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, the highest watersaving honor in China. In 2023, the amount of new water used decreased by 1. 9, and the water consumption intensity per unit increased by 3. 2 yearonyear, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. Firstly, the production process and technology of baijiu products are significantly different from beer, and the water consumption per baijiu product is higher. Secondly, the structure of beer products is adjusted to increase the cleaning frequency and water consumption. Not taking the baijiu business into consideration, the water consumption intensity per unit (ona yearonyear basis) decreased from 3. 25 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2016 to 2. 77 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2023, which is leading among the domestic industry peers and comparable to the international peers. The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 3. 13 million cubic metres in 2022 (representing approximately 10. 1 of the total water consumption) to 2. 26 million cubic metres in 2023 (representing approximately 7. 4 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 870, 000 cubic metres. In 2023, the Group's underground water consumption intensity per unit was 0. 21 cubic meters per kilolitre output. 5 1. 9 3. 2 3. 25 2. 77 3, 130 10. 1 2, 260 7. 4 870 0. 21
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 112 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 10, 825, 134 11, 385, 064 4. 9 Total output ( beer output baijiu output beverage output)Kilolitre 2. 80 2. 72 3. 2 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water withdrawal 1, 000 cubic metres 948 865 9. 6 Water withdrawal from surface water 1, 000 cubic metres 3. 1 2. 8 11. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from surface water 2, 260 3, 130 27. 8 Water withdrawal from underground water 1, 000 cubic metres 7. 4 10. 1 26. 4 Proportion of water withdrawal from underground water 27, 128 26, 928 0. 7 Water withdrawal from municipal water plants 1, 000 cubic metres 89. 4 87. 1 2. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from municipal water plants The water consumption and withdrawal data of the Group in 2023 and 2022 are set out as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. The total amount of water withdrawal in 2022 remained unchanged, but the breakdown of water withdrawal was relisted upon verification.
113 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Sewage Discharge Management In 2023, the Group released the CR Beer Threeyear Action Plan for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, covering six tasks in terms of compliance management of online sewage monitoring, sewage warning and emergency treatment capability building, classified and hierarchical sewage management, special action in key basins areas. It also promoted three key projects, i. e. online sewage monitoring, abnormal sewage interception and environmental protection specialist training camp. In order to further implement the requirements of ecoenvironmental protection, strengthen the compliance management of water pollution prevention and treatment, and prevent and resolve environmental risks, the Group has set the following objectives in terms of sewage discharge management No excessive sewage discharge or water pollution discharge in violation of laws and regulations; 100 compliance of sewage discharge in the internal control; Sewage standardization index rose to 90. In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complies with the national or local sewage discharge standards, and formulates the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges and the Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, with all plants equipped with sewage treatment systems. The Group also formulates the internal control index incompliance with regulations and requirements, effectively controlling sewage discharge risks. Devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at all plants, which are connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for realtime data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. In 2023, the Group enhanced construction of the information system of the online sewage monitoring and warning platform of CR Beer, and completed the prototype design and development of the sewage mobile application, which can conduct realtime monitoring of sewage discharge data, and realize the automatic warning and disposal of abnormal and exceeding standards. The application has been launched in the first batch of 14 pilot plants. 100 90 (COD) pH 14
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 114 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, CR Beer implemented the abnormal sewage interception project to prevent discharge exceeding standards, organized investigations on current conditions of the facilities used for warning and interception of abnormal sewage discharge in production plants, and made an investigation list of production plant renovation contents and expenses. It also formulated the overall renovation plan for abnormal sewage discharge warning and interception, establish unified standards and requirements for renovation, and coordinate equipment selection and inspection standards. As at the end of 2023, 43 plants had completed the bidding for excessive sewage interception project. In 2023, the Group organized compliance investigations and corrective actions of sewage discharge and water drainage permit management, formulated and issued the Pollutant Discharge (Water) Permit Compliance Investigation Plan, and Pollutant Discharge (Water) Permit Compliance Investigation Contents and Standards to standardize the discharge and drainage. As at the end of 2023, 246 problems had been found, all of which were basically rectified. In 2023, the Group strengthened management of the baijiu business in terms of water quality in water source and pollutant discharge, formulated and issued secondary regulations such as the CR Beer Management Measures for Pollutant Discharge (Water) Permit and the WH Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, aswell as other systems such as watersaving management system, recycled water management system and water pollution prevention and control plan. The Group regards the environmental performance of operating plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, the Group continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. As of the end of 2023, the Group had only 2 beer plants (Tibet and Dongguan) and 1 baijiu plant (Guizhou Jinsha) that discharged sewage into natural waters. During the period under review, only 2. 8 of the sewage was discharged to natural waters (after preliminary treatment by the plants), and the remaining 97. 2 was discharged to municipal sewers such as municipal pipe networks. 43 246 2 1 2. 8 97. 2
115 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 19, 719, 807 18, 901, 871 4. 3 Total amount of sewage discharge Tonnes 19, 166, 471 18, 673, 132 2. 6 Amount of sewage discharged into municipal sewers Tonnes 553, 336 228, 739 141. 9 Amount of sewage discharged into natural waters Tonnes Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change (COD) 789 892 11. 5 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) Tonnes 765 886 13. 7 COD (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 25 6 323. 5 COD (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 82 90 9. 2 Total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonnes 82 89. 9 9. 2 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 0. 17 0. 2 25. 6 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 1. 0 The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In 2023, the Group's total amount of sewage discharge had yearonyear increase due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The sewage discharge (into natural waters) had a significant yearonyear change, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The location of Guizhou Jinsha lacks supporting municipal sewers for sewage treatment, therefore, the plant adopts higher standards for sewage treatment to discharge sewage into natural waters upon satisfaction with relevant emission requirements. Not taking the baijiu business into consideration, the Group's sewage discharged into natural waters from the beer business dropped by 1. 0 yearonyear in 2023.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 116 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Not taking the baijiu business into consideration, the amount of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and ammonia nitrogen emissions of the Group discharged into natural waters from the beer business respectively recorded a yearonyear decrease of 5. 9 and 68. 9 in 2023, mainly due to the decrease of COD and ammonia nitrogen emissions by some plants and slight adjustments of discharge pipelines of some plants. The Group actively promotes the resourceful utilization of beer wastewater inaccordance with the national Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry and Discharge Standard of Water Pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, and enters into legally valid written contracts with downstream sewage treatment facilities to agree on the indirect discharge concentration limit of organic wastewater. As at the end of 2023, 16 beer plants subordinate to the Group had implemented negotiated discharging limit. The selfmonitoring data of relevant pollutant indexes are promptly shared with the competent department for ecological environment and downstream sewage treatment plants for effective supervision by law enforcement departments and the public. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to focus on water resources management. By sorting out the beer production process steps, improving water efficiency, increasing water recycling, strengthening watersaving renovations, the Group strives to achieve industryleading in terms of water consumption performance. In addition, it will focus on improving sewage treatment system management and sewage online monitoring capabilities, strengthen comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater, and promote the mutual benefits in terms of economy and environmental protection. (V) PACKAGING MATERIAL AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the resources used in areas such as packaging design, production, logistics and retailing. The waste generated during the Group's operation mainly includes spent grains and spent yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, aluminum cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, the Group have formulated a series of management regulations such as the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CRWH Solid Waste Management System and the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB. (COD) 5. 9 68. 9 COD 16
117 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Promote the Concept of Green Package The Group's packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, ceramic bottles, aluminum cans, cartons, paper bags and plastic films. On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been striving to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows In 2023, the Group continued to implement the concept of green and sustainable development, coordinated the ecological construction of supply chain, actively promoted the research and development of recycled aluminum and lightweight beer bottles and strategic cooperation for cans. The Group's subordinate Guizhou Jinsha promised to promote the reduction of packaging weight, plastic and printing ink, and prevent excessive packaging. Light cans 0. 010 mm Promote reduction of can body thickness by 0. 010 mm; 0. 016 mm Reduce can cap thickness by 0. 016 mm; 0. 35 Reduce can weight by 0. 35 g can; Predicted to be available at the end of 2024; 3, 300 Estimated as per the annual quantity purchased in 2023, the Group will reduce the use of aluminum by 3, 300 tonnes every year by purchasing light cans after the project implementation Light glass bottles 250 20 g Taking 250 mL Heineken light bottle for example, one light bottle is 20 g lighter than one ordinary bottle; 83 The Group reduced the use of glass by approximately 83 tonnes by purchasing light glass bottles in 2023; 500 580 10 g Further research and development of 500 mL and 580 mL light bottles to reduce the weight by 10 g bottle at least Glass bottle recycling mechanism Optimize the glass bottle recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast; Conduct continuous research and development on light glass bottle and increase the purchase of light bottles, in order to reduce weight, energy consumption and carbon emission; 106. 9 4, 488 The Group successfully recycled 10. 69 billion glass bottles in 2023, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 118 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group continued to carry out the R&Dand application of lightweight beer bottles during the year, which can reduce the weight of different bottle types by 0 to 5 while ensuring quality and performance. Taking 250 mL Heineken lightweight bottles for example, the weight can be 20 g bottle lighter than the ordinary bottle. Approximately 4. 15 million lightweight bottles were purchased in 2023, reducing use of raw materials by approximately 83 tonnes. The Heineken lightweight bottles will be comprehensively promoted in 2024. During the year, the weight reduction project of Snow glass bottles was launched with a view to reducing the weight of 500 mL and 580 mL bottles by 10 g bottle, which will be completed within 2024. During the year, the CRB Institute of Technology of the Group, together with the Procurement Management Center and the Technical Quality Department of the Production Center, carried out research and application project for the reduction of the thickness of crown caps and localization of granules, aiming to reduce the thickness of iron materials and replace gasket raw materials with domestic materials while ensuring the quality and sealing performance of caps, thus reducing cost and enhancing efficiency while reducing the quantity and carbon. Based on the Group's current annual purchase quantity of caps, if the cap thickness is successfully reduced from 0. 23 mm to 0. 20 mm, 4, 030 tonnes of iron can be saved annually. The replacement of imported gasket raw materials with domestic materials cannot only tackle the instability and risks of imported raw materials, but also reduce the carbon footprint of overseas transportation. In addition, considering that the carbon emission during the processing with recycled aluminum ingot only accounts for 11. 3 of the processing with raw aluminum ingot, the Group's CRB Institute of Technology has launched the Research Project on the Quality Assurance of Open and Applicable Recycled Aluminum Cans. 0 5 250 20 g 415 83 500 580 10 g 0. 23 mm 0. 20 mm 4, 030 11. 3
119 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 5, 818 6, 182 5. 9 Glass bottlesnew bottles 1, 000 tonnes 1 4, 488 4, 734 5. 2 Glass bottlesrecycled bottles 11, 000 tonnes 4 Ceramic bottles 1, 000 tonnes 158 160 1. 5 Aluminum cans 1, 000 tonnes 2 331 342 3. 3 Paper packages 21, 000 tonnes 12 14 13. 0 Plastic films 1, 000 tonnes 1 2 The data on the Group's consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are setout as follows 1 Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, the Group increases the recycling of glass bottles and reuse them after cleaning and disinfection. 2 In 2022 and 2023, the paper packaging reported by the Group was mainly cartons from the beer business. The paper packaging reported by the Group in 2023 includes cartons, boxes, handbags, etc. from the Baijiu business. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials. The glass bottles are reusable materials that the Group cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, and the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group's strategic promotion of highquality product, the Group focuses on building a recycling glass bottle system along the supply chain making full use of recyclable beer bottles in compliance with regulations. By increasing the recycling efficiency and circulation value of glass bottles, reducing quality decay during circulation, the Group can reduce material and energy waste.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 120 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In order to promote the resourceful utilization of packaging materials, the Group completed the audit of the bottle recycling pipeline renovation plan in 9 regional companies across the country in 2023, achieving an annual bottle recycling rate of 80 in 2023. The completion rate of the nonrenewable resource recycling project reached 100 and the overall completion rate was 80. Meanwhile, the Group completed the comparative analysis of recycled aluminumbase materials, raw aluminumbase materials and manufactured cans, conducted threemonth testing and followup of canned products, and finally released the group standards of recycled aluminum when it was found that there was no difference between recycled aluminum cans and the control group of cans. In addition, the Group conducts quality control on all incoming packaging materials and returns or destroys packaging materials that fail topass internal quality control. All discarded cans, glass slags and waste cartons from the production process shall be 100 recycled and treated, which could be put back to use later, achieving zero waste in the production process. The Group is actively adjusting the structure of the product package and production capacity to lower its carbon emissions. By phasing out production lines of beer in glass bottles with outdated technology and high energy consumption, while adding more production lines of beer in cans with advanced technology and energy consumption reaching the international advanced level, the Group shall gradually increase the proportion of product in cans and reduce the use of glass bottles which is of higher carbon footprint. The Group has set the following targets in terms of the green procurement and recycling of packaging materials In or before 2025, the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging shall reach 100. Green packaging refers to external packaging materials that can be sold as waste materials and recycled as green and environmentfriendly materials. As at the end of 2023, the Group had fulfilled the objective, with the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging reaching 100. The Group also actively encourages suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, the Group requires upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. At present, the malt of CRSB mainly adopts bagged transportation and bulk transportation. In 2023, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group's imported malt using individual packaging was approximately 42. The automobile bulk transportation can effectively reduce inventory cost and funds occupation, save labor cost, improve working efficiency, reduce environmental pollution, etc. In 2023, it was estimated that a total of about 7. 23 million packaging bags were saved. 9 80 100 80 100 100 100 42 723
121 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group also strengthens environmental protection cooperation with upstream material suppliers in terms of packaging. In 2023, the Heineken Lightweight Beer BottleR&D Testing Project organized by the CRB Institute of Technology of the Group and launched by several glass bottle suppliers was successfully concluded. It is proved through physical and chemical property testing, simulated production testing and simulated circulation testing by factories and third parties that, lightweight beer bottles have no obvious difference from ordinary beer bottles, and 100 comply with relevant national and international quality standards. In addition to the popularization of Heineken lightweight bottles, the Group also accelerates weight reduction projects for glass bottles of other brands including Snow Opera Mask, Jiangxin Yingzao, Old Snow, and L wen White Beer. Solid Waste and Hazardous Waste Management The Group implements whole process standardized management on hazardous waste and solid waste with a green operation model covering the entire process from procurement to sale, following the principles of reduction, resourcefulness, and harmlessness. In terms of hazardous waste management, in 2023, the Group formulated the Working Plan for Whole Process Standardized Management of Hazardous Waste, established the working team, and selected Nanjing Plant as the pilot plant to implement the working plan. According to the characteristics of the industry, the Group formulated the hazardous waste checklist guidelines and classified management requirements, prepared and released management requirements of hazardous waste labels, guidelines on construction and management of hazardous waste storage sites and stations, unified hazardous beer waste management ledgers, and standardized the whole process management standards of hazardous waste. At present, all the plants have developed renovation plans in accordance with the standards. The Group requires all units to entrust hazardous waste to qualified units for disposal, so as to ensure that the process of transferring hazardous waste meets the requirements of national standards. The Group also requires all units to take relevant measures to prevent proliferation, loss and leakage, and shall not allow to dump, pile, discard or scatter hazardous waste without authorization, so as to prevent or reduce the pollution of hazardous waste to the environment. What'smore, the Group requires all units to also carry out regular inspections of the actual transportation, treatment, and disposal process of hazardous waste contractors. 100
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 122 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report There is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group's production process in 2023. All the hazardous waste generated by the Group was entrusted to external professional agencies for harmless treatment and disposal in accordance with relevant national regulations. In terms of solid waste management, the Group revised and issued CR Beer Solid Waste Management System in 2023, stipulating the management requirements for the identification, collection, storage, utilization, and disposal of solid waste such as general industrial solid waste, hazardous waste, domestic waste, and construction waste; issued the Notice on Giving Risk Alerts on General Industrial Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control, giving risk alerts on the red line of solid waste pollution prevention and control and existing problems in solid waste management processes; issued the Notice on Forwarding the Group's Warnings on Strengthening Solid Waste Management, organizing all units to conduct risk investigation on solid waste compliance management, during which 192 problems were found. In order to standardize the solid waste treatment qualification, the EHS Department of CR Beer, jointly with the Legal Compliance Department of the beer business and Snow Procurement Management Center, specified solid waste utilization and disposal management processes, and determined management responsibilities of EHS supervision and management departments at all levels; provided assistance in the formulation of criteria for qualification and technical capability of utilization and disposal units, aswell as pollution prevention and control requirements. In 2023, CR Beer successively carried out two special inspections, rectifications and risk warnings on solid waste compliance, and restandardized the solid waste risk prevention measures firstly, promote the GPS installation and tracking of transportation vehicles; secondly, further standardize the requirements and management on the collection qualification; thirdly, raise special environmental protection requirements during the milling of waste plastic products and injection molding in special operation plants. 192 EHS EHS GPS
123 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 98. 0 99. 9 Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 1, 482. 5 1, 525. 2 2. 8 General solid waste production 1, 000 tonnes 1, 480. 3 1, 519. 8 2. 6 Integrated use of solid waste utilization 1, 000 tonnes 99. 9 99. 6 0. 2 General solid waste integrated utilization rate 0. 14 0. 13 2. 2 General solid waste production intensity per unittonnes kilolitre output 0. 239 0. 229 4. 5 Hazardous waste production 1, 000 tonnes 7. 8 The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14 th Five Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2023, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group reached 99. 9, with a slight rise as compared with the corresponding period of last year, mainly due to reduced landfilling of sludge and domestic garbage by plants. The relevant data are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. The Group continues to promote environmental protection and recycling to reuse the waste generated in brewing process. In 2023, all the byproducts and waste materials generated by the Group in brewing process were recycled, collected and reused as renewable resources inaccordance with relevant national regulations. The spent grains (the beer business mainly consists of barley grains, and the Baijiu business mainly consists of sorghum grains) and dried spent yeasts were mainly used for the feed industry; wastepaper, waste glass slags and waste plastics were recycled as renewable resources and reused as raw materials in the papermaking factories, and manufacturers of glass bottles and plastic products. In 2023, the annual sales amount of renewable resources of the Group was RMB 780 million, basically the same as last year. In addition, as for the byproducts generated in the production process, the Group focuses on the research, development and utilization of new technology, new products and new purposes. Currently, the Group is conducting development and utilization of spent grains for protein, dietary fiber or leather products.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 124 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group's Procurement Management Center mainly sells the byproducts inaccordance with the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB, etc. In addition, the Group implements the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes should be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, the Group can meet with the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling spent grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. The Group also encourages the vendors to install drying equipment, so that spent grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried temporarily to prevent pollution of the environment. The data on the Group's recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows The output of dried spent grains from Baijiu business is estimated based on the output of wet spent grains with a assumed water content ratio at 60. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in yearonyear changes. Unit 2023 2022 Yearonyear change 206 191 7. 7 Output of dried spent grains 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 17 17 0. 0 Output of dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried waste yeasts 3 Output of spent yeast grass 1, 000 tonnes 100 Recycling rate of spent yeast grass 60
125 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1, 135 (VI) PROTECTION OF ECOSYSTEM AND BIODIVERSITY Committed to protecting the ecosystems and biodiversity, the Group has been fulfilling its environmental protection responsibilities in terms of ecological restoration through a series of policies and measures. In 2023, the Group revised and issued the Supervision and Management Measures for Ecological Environment Protection, covering the Group and its subsidiaries and branches, and other CR Beer plants of in mainland China. It is stipulated that units at all levels should carry out new, reconstruction or expansion projects, plant site selection and equipment and facilities layout according to relevant requirements, avoid the ecoenvironment sensitive areas, explore and adopt alternative solutions with less ecological impacts, in order to reduce negative impacts of production and business activities on the surrounding ecoenvironment. Meanwhile, ecofriendly technology should be actively adopted in combination with relevant supporting policies to reduce the direct, indirect and accumulative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem. During raw material procurement, resource consumption and comprehensive utilization, aswell as pollutant generation and treatment, etc., priority should be given to clean production technology and processes that can reduce environmental load, and efforts should be made to continuously promote innovation in pollution control equipment and technology, select advanced intelligent equipment and the best feasible pollution prevention technology, and control the duration, intensity and scope of pollutant emission. In addition, natural resources should be reasonably developed and utilized, and ecological protection and governance restoration plans should be formulated inaccordance with the law and then effectively implemented. Besides, the Group released the Six Bans of Ecological and Environmental Protection of CR Beer, supplemented CR Beer Ecological and Environmental Protection Inspection Standards by including newly acquired baijiu business into the scope, specified prohibitions in ecological and environmental protection to all staff for implementation, and promoted the compliance of environmental protection. The Group also issued the Notice on Conducting Self Inspection and Selfcorrection of Ecological and Environmental Protection Inspections, organizing plants to conduct selfinspection and selfcorrection. During the period under review, it inspected and rectified 1, 135 ecological and environmental protection problems.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 126 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group organized a working conference on the deployment of rectification action for ecological and environmental protection projects in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin, deeply inspecting ecological and environmental protection problems such as sewage standard discharge, rain and sewage diversion, online monitoring, sludge and other solid waste disposal incompliance with regulations inaccordance with the Key Points of Special Rectification Action for Ecological and Environmental Protection of the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin of Central Enterprises and CR Beer General Inspection Key Points of Ecological and Environmental Protection. The Group organized special investigations in 31 production plants in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin, and formulated rectification plans. During the period under review, the Group repaired and restored the damage to the ecosystem and biodiversity during the production and operation process, accumulatively completing the rectification of 31 projects. (VII) EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group actively carries out series of events, cultivates the green and lowcarbon culture of all employees, and publicizes the green consumption concept at all levels within the Group. For example, all plants organize environmental protection publicity and education events such as 5 th June Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Lowcarbon Day on a yearly basis. In 2023, the Group organized 5 June Environment Day with the theme of Building Modernization with Harmonious Coexistence between Human and Nature, releasing an open letter to all employees of China Resources Beer on 5 June Environment Day via internal and external platforms such as the internal website of CR Beer and We Chat official account. It publicized the theme of Environment Day in various forms including films, posters, slogans, publicity films, bulletin boards, photos, essays, knowledge contests and open day activities, and advocated for all employees to jointly adopt the green and lowcarbon lifestyles and actively publicize and implement the ecological civilization concept. 31 31
127 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group has been enthusiastic about community investment and actively participated in environmental protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion, the fight against the pandemic, rural revitalization, etc., to send a message of love and bring greater good to the society. During the reporting period, the Group's community investment funds (including donated materials) amounted to RMB 2, 665, 000. Specific activities are as follows (I) SUPPORTING EMPLOYMENT AND REVITALIZING RURAL AREAS As an influential national beer company, the Group strives to promote the local economy and improve the employment of locals to achieve joint community construction. In order to provide assistance in the cattle breeding industry in Leibo County, Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China, the Group cooperated with Leibo County to support the implementation of the industrial support plan of basic cattle bank mode in local regions by donating spent grains and other materials. In 2023, the Group donated spent grains worth RMB 1. 2 million to Leibo County, which effectively promoted the development of a scattered family breeding model, and injected new vigor into the urban rejuvenation after poverty alleviation of Leibo County. In 2023, the Group built a new Snow Brewery in the Development Zone of Changdu City, Tibet Autonomous Region with a total investment of RMB 348 million, aiming to promote industrial development, increase local tax revenue and actively provide employment opportunities. During the period under review, we recruited 4 native university graduates, and related business units employed more than 20 local citizens. In addition, the Group dispatched the 12 th batch of members for poverty alleviation in Kangba Village, Tuoba Town, Karuo District, Changdu City inactive response to the Key Working Requirements of Changdu Municipal Government on Comprehensively Promoting Rural Rejuvenation. The Group also provided active support for the local government to continuously increase the income of farmers and herdsmen, and assigned Changdu Factory to provide public welfare assistance to 15 households, helping each household increase their income by RMB 3, 000. The Group provided a total of 106 jobs in Qinghai Province, recruited 76 native employees of Qinghai Province and five native university graduates of Qinghai Province, including 5 new native employees of Qinghai Province and 3 ethnic minority employees. 266. 5 120 3. 48 4 15 3, 000 106 76 5 5 3
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 128 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group vigorously carried out sales business in Ganzi Prefecture and Aba Prefecture, with sales of over RMB 300 million in Ganzi Prefecture and Aba Prefecture in 2023, supporting 58 local distributors, which effectively promoted the upgrade of the local FMCG industry and further enhanced the sustainable development of the local economy. The Company actively recruited university graduates who are natives of Tibetan counties of Sichuan, Yunnan and Gansu, and employed local people. During the period under review, it had 26 incumbent local employees from Ganzi Prefecture and Aba Prefecture, including 6 local employees and 3 ethnic employees. (II) DEDICATION TO COMMUNITY INVESTMENT AND EDUCATION PROMOTION In 2023, Mr. Hou Xiaohai, Chairman of Board of CR Beer led the employee representatives to participate in the Oxfam Leader's Walk, a spinoff event of Oxfam Trailwalker. Trailwalker is an annual fundraising hike organized by Oxfam since 1986 to support poverty alleviation, disaster relief and initiatives in Hong Kong, China, the mainland China, Africa and other regions of Asia. 3 58 26 6 3 Music for Our Young Foundation 6 21 VI Rainbow Foundation SEN 15 Since 2013, CR Beer has supported the Music for Our Young Foundation for several consecutive years, in order to encourage young students to make unremitting efforts for great progress by cultivating the musical attainment of the young people ranging from 6 to 21 years old. CR Beer also donated money to support the concert Thank you, for Everything VI Series Concert in Nansha in Nansha in August 2023, providing care for underprivileged children and teenagers in Hong Kong, encouraging music training activities in slowly developed regions, and cultivating morality and attainments of the nextgeneration young people. Since 2014, CR Beer has been supporting Rainbow Foundation, a charity recognized by the Hong Kong Government, in order to design and fund meaningful activities for children and youth from underprivileged groups in Hong Kong. In addition to monetary donations, the Group also actively participated in the Explore science with SEN Charity Walk Towards 15 th Anniversary held in November 2023 to support the Foundation and underprivileged groups in Hong Kong.
129 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 26 6. 1 20 65 (MUFG Bank, Ltd.) 120, 000, 000 In June 2023, the Group donated funds to the Sham Shui Po Neighborhood Care Association to sponsor its public welfare activity Celebrating the 26 th Anniversary of the Handover of Hong Kong to the Motherland and Offering Small Gifts on 1 st June International Children s Day, bringing joy to children in Sham Shui Po and sharing the joy of the handover with them. (III) BUILDING CR HOPE TOWN In May 2023, the Group donated RMB 200, 000 to Zunyi CR Hope Town in Xishui County, Zunyi City, Guizhou Province, which the payment to the Tucheng County Government has been completed, and mainly used to renovate the sewer system in the service center of the residential area, add cultural publicity boards, install football and basketball field facilities, and add equipment to CR Kindergarten, and improve the living environment of Zunyi Hope Town. In 2023, the Group supported the construction of Nanjiang CR Hope Town in Nanjiang County, Bazhong City, Sichuan Province, and donated approximately RMB 650, 000 for the construction of Road to Brave the World and a brewing workshop. Through cooperation with CRH in gradual planning and donation for the construction of Milan Hotel, Longquan Taste Rural Restaurant, Hope Tea House, Youth Hostel, rural collective guesthouses and other tertiary industry service supporting buildings, the Group effectively stimulated revenue generation by the rural collective economy and further increased villagers income. (IV) GREEN FINANCE The Group actively participates in and supports sustainable finance to promote green development for both society and businesses. During the reporting period, the Group proactively engaged in and fully supported Mitsubishi UFJ Bank's Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB 120, 000, 000, which demonstrated the Group's commitment to promoting and implementing sustainable development goals and issues such as renewable energy, energy saving and efficiency improvement, green buildings, emission reduction, environmental and resource management, and biodiversity conservation.
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 130 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C 2 (GRI) 2021 GRI 2021 GRIGRI 2021 GRI 3000 GRI 2021 GRI VERIFICATION STATEMENT SCOPE AND OBJECTIVE Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency ( HKQAA ) performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability disclosures stated in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 (the Report ) of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ( CR Beer ) for the period from 1 st January 2023 to 31 st December 2023. The Report is prepared inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) setout in the Appendix C 2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK), and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ) Standards 2021 for the selected GRI Standards. HKQAA s responsibility is to express an assurance conclusion on the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the sustainability data and information stated in the Report. The objectives are to verify the fulfillment in addressing all mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; review the referencing of the selected GRI Standards of the GRI Standards 2021; evaluate the accuracy of the selected data and information presented in the Report; and review the reliability of the data and information management mechanism for preparing the Report. LEVEL OF ASSURANCE AND METHODOLOGY The process applied in this verification was based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our evidence gathering process was designed to obtain a limited level of assurance for devising the verification conclusion. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the ESG Reporting Guide and GRI Standards 2021 (Selected GRI Standards).
131 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report GRI 2021 The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. INDEPENDENCE CR Beer is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information presented. HKQAA is not involved in the collection and calculation of data or the compilation of the reporting contents where HKQAA s verification activities were entirely independent from CR Beer. There was no relationship between HKQAA and CR Beer that would affect the independence of HKQAA for providing the verification service. CONCLUSION Based on the verification results and in accordance with the verification procedures undertaken, HKQAA has obtained a limited level of assurance and is in the opinion that, nothing has come to the verification team's attention that The Report has not complied with all the mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; and The Report has not been prepared with reference to the GRI Standards 2021 for disclosure. Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Connie Sham Head of Audit March 2024
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 132 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C 2 Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number AA Environmental A 1 Emission General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 303 GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 305 GRI 2 27 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste)GRI 305 EmissionsGRI 227 laws and regulations Compliance 140 144 A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions information. GRI 305 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4, 305 5 305 7 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4, 305 5, 305 7154, 158, 171 A 1. 2 1 2 Direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 305 305 1, 305 2, 305 3 305 4 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4158 A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 GRI 306 Waste 179 180 A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 GRI 306 Waste 179 180 APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT IN THE APPENDIX C 2 OF THE MAINBOARD RULES GOVERNING THE LISTING OF SECURITIES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED
About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements 133 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A 1. 5 Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 3 3 3 3(c), 3 3(d) 3 3(e) GRI 305 GRI 305 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c), 3 3(d) and 3 3(e) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions)GRI 305 Emissions 72, 145 161 A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 3 3 3 3(c), 3 3(d) 3 3(e) GRI 306 GRI 306 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c), 33(d) and 33(e) (used together with GRI 306 Effluents and Waste)GRI 306 Waste 172 180 A 2 Use of Resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, and GRI 303 Water and Effluents)153 156, 166 172 A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 302 302 1 302 3 GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 3021 and 3023151 A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 303 GRI 303 Water and Effluents 168 A 2. 3 Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 3 3 GRI 302 GRI 302 302 4 302 5 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 302 Energy)GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 572, 149 151 A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themGRI 3 3 GRI 303 GRI 303 303 3 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 303 Water and Effluents)GRI 303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 372, 166 172
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 134 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. GRI 301 301 1 GRI 301 Materials Disclosure 301 1175 A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 304 GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste)139 144, 181 182 A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 3 3 GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 304 GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 303 303 2 GRI 304 304 2 GRI 306 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste)GRI 303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 2 GRI 304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2 GRI 306 Waste Disclosure 306 3(c) and 306 5139 144, 181 182 A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 201 GRI 2 12 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance)GRI 2 12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 162 165 A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 201 201 2 GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 162 165
About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements 135 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B. B. Social B 1 Employment General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 202 GRI 401 GRI 405 GRI 406 GRI 2 27 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 202 Market Presence, GRI 401 Employment, GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity, GRI 406 Nondiscrimination)GRI 2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations 111 114 B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fulltime or parttime), age group and geographical region. GRI 2 7 GRI 405 405 1 bii GRI 27 EmployeesGRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Disclosure 405 1(bii)116 118 B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. GRI 401 401 1(b) GRI 401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)118 B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 403 GRI 2 27 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety)GRI 2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations 131 137 B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI 403 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2132 B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. GRI 403 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2132
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 136 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 3 3 GRI 403 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety)131 138 B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 404 GRI 404 404 2(a)GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 404 Training and Education)GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 2(a)123 131 B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). GRI 404 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1129 130 B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. GRI 404 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1129 130 B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 2 27 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour)GRI 2 27 GRI 2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations 112 113 B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI 3 3 GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 408 408 1(c)GRI 409 409 1(b)GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour)112 113
About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements 137 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discoveredGRI 3 3 GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 408 408 1(c) GRI 409 409 1(b)GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour)GRI 408 Child Labour Disclosure 408 1(c)GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour Disclosure 409 1(b)115 B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment)98 103 B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. GRI 2 6 GRI 26 Activities, Value Chains and Other Business Relations 101 B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 3 3 GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 308 308 1 308 2 GRI 414 414 1 414 2 GRI 3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308 1 and 308 2 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103 B 5. 3 Description of practises used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 3 3 GRI 303 GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 303 303 1(c)GRI 308 308 1 308 2 GRI 414 414 1 414 2 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment)GRI 303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 3031(c)GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 3081and 3082 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103
CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 138 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 3 3 GRI 306 GRI 308 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 306 Waste and GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment)100 B 6 Product responsibility General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 416 GRI 417 GRI 418 GRI 416 416 2 GRI 417 417 2 417 3 GRI 418 418 1 GRI 2 27 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling and GRI 418 Customer Privacy)GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2 GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosure 417 2 and 417 3 GRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1 GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 87 93 B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. NA 93 B 6. 2 Number of products and servicerelated complaints received and how they are dealt with. GRI 2 25 GRI 2 29 GRI 418 418 1 GRI 225 Procedures to Redress for Negative ImpactsGRI 229 Approaches to Stakeholders EngagementGRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 191 93 B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. NA 84 86 B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. NA 78 83, 91 92 B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 3 3 GRI 418 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 418 Customer Privacy)91 95
About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements 139 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 205 GRI 205 205 3 GRI 2 27 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption)GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 3 GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 104 110 B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. GRI 205 205 3 GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 3107 B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 2 2 26 GRI 3 3 3 3 GRI 205 GRI 205 GRI 2 General Disclosure 2021 Disclosure 2 26 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3 (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption)GRI 205 Anticorruption 104 106 B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 205 GRI 205 205 2 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption)GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 2052108 B 8 100 General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI 3 3 3 3(c) GRI 413 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3 (c) (used together with GRI 413 Local Communities)183 185 B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). GRI 203 203 1(a)GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)183 185 B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GRI 201 201 1 aii GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 201 1(aii)183 185
Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Environmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j 8 5223609722 j 8 5228740280 jwww. crbeer. com. hk ji nfo crb. cn Address Room 2301 & 2 310, 23 F., China Resources Building, No. 2 6 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong K ong Tel 85223609722 F ax 85228740280 Website www. crbeer. com. hk E mail info crb. cn
