2022 Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability Stock Code 00291
ABOUT THIS REPORT About this Report 2 FOREWORD Foreword 4 Overview of 2022 sustainable development 6 ESG Major ESGrelated awards and honors 7 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEMESG ESG management structure and the board statement 12 Targets setting and review mechanism 16 Communication with stakeholders 18 Identification of material issues 20 CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES (I) Product health and food safety 23 (II) Product and technological innovation 28 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing 31 (IV) Customer services and privacy protection 35 (V) Supply chain responsibility management and management of suppliers 38 ( VI) Anticorruption and governance of integrity 43 CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF (I) Equal employment policy and staff remuneration and benefit 49 (II) Talents recruitment and management 51 (III) Staff communication and care 56 (IV) Staff development and training 59 (V) Occupational health and safety production 66 CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 72 (II) Carbon neutrality target and flue gas emission management 76 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 85 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 87 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 95 (VI) Education of environmental protection 101 CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY d ( I) Dedication to social welfare and fighting the pandemic 102 d (II) Supporting employment and revitalizing rural areas 103 d (III) Contributed CRSB s power to lead industry development 104 e e (IV) Health, environmental protection and cultural promotion 106 VERIFICATION STATEMENT Verification statement 109 APPENDIX e Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange 111 CONTENTS
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 2 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT ABOUT THIS REPORT OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 (the reporting period, FY 2022, or 2022 ). For more information relating to the Group's business and its corporate governance practices, please refer to the Group's 2022 Annual Report. BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and with reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards 2021 ). The Report is prepared inaccordance with the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency of the Listing Rules e d d e d e e f d fed (Global Reporting Initiative dGRI) GRI 2021 feed j Materiality d d f d f The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The Group continues to use the list of material issues set in 2021. The identification process and analysis results have been presented in the sections headed Identification of Material Issues and Materiality Matrix and Table, respectively. Quantitative d f d d f d 100 fe f Each department of the Group coordinates to collect and record the key performance data regarding the environment and the society in hope of presenting the Group's performance in the environmental and social key performance indicators ( KPIs ) through quantified data. Part of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In individual cases, the sum of these percentage changes may not be 100. Please refer to the related sections for the relevant scope, measurement standards and methods. Balance e d d f The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Consistency d d d f Unless stated otherwise, the data disclosed in the Report has been under statistical analysis based on the Group's standardized information collection process and working mechanism, thereby the relevant data statistical approach remains consistent with the assumptions made during preparation of the Report, to ensure yeartoyear comparison of the data.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 3 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report de f fe ESG f de ESG d f d d ESG d d feed fe www. crbeer. com. hk f d f d f j 26 23 2301&2310 j (852)2360 9722 j (852)2874 0280 j info crb. cn j www. crbeer. com. hk jir crb. cnSCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group's headquarters aswell as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2022. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the seventh annual Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company's commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group's performance on sustainable ESG development in 2022 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders. PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. We identify and assess the materiality of the ESG topics related to the Group through regular communication with our major stakeholders, on the basis of which the scope of the Report is defined. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports, financial reports and Shared Service Centers of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. crbeer. com. hk. If there is any inconsistency among these versions, the Traditional Chinese version shall prevail. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. CONTACT Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F, China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel. (852) 2360 9722 Fax (852) 2874 0280 Email info crb. cn Website www. crbeer. com. hk INVESTOR RELATIONS ENQUIRIES Email ir crb. cn
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 4 ESG d d d d d d d f d e d e e fed d de f d d d d f d 55. 19 d d d f e e e d de l de d d f d d fFOREWORD ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our cooperative partners and to generate longterm returns to our shareholders. We target to bring green and harmonious development to the environment and the society, and to motivate and fulfill people's pursuit of better life. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrialleading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. Guided by the strategy of Quality Development for Success in Premiumization, the Group actively improves its diversified product portfolio of domestic brands international brands, offers highquality beer, and advocates rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. In addition, the Group maintains its investment in brand building that is above the industry level, constructs various beer consumption scenarios, attracts more young consumers by providing creative consumption experiences, to enhance premium beer brand image. In 2022, by acquiring a 55. 19 equity interest in Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. ( ), the Group consolidated its existing baijiu business resources and further strengthened the Group's competitiveness and brand influence within the Chinese baijiu industry through its dual empowerment model for beer and baiju businesses. The Group will carry out a myriad of initiatives in top and upper management restructuring, brand building, secondtime organizational transformation, digital marketing, and baijiu business development to shape into a diversified alcoholic beverage enterprise, marching towards the Group's aspirations to become the leader of the new world of the beer industry and an explorer of the new world of alcoholic beverages! As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of the Group is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. Therefore, we pay close attention to and actively respond to the expectations of all stakeholders and strive to build a healthy business ecosystem. For identification purposes only
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 5 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report f d e e f d e d e f d d e e d d f d d f d d f d d f deed d f d f d d d d f Employees are the most valuable asset of an enterprise. The Group cares about the physical and mental health as well as career development of our employees, and strives to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. The Group attaches great importance to safe production, always adheres to the occupational health and safety work management concept of peopleoriented, safe development, and pursues the direction of zero injury, zero accident to implement management details. The Group is committed to promote the healthy development of China's beer industrial chain that we have been actively empowering upstream suppliers and downstream channel partners. Through strategic actions such as establishing starrated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of beer. We always put environmental responsibility in mind and have established astrict environmental management system with a focus on green production, energy saving and emission reduction. In 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its corporate development strategy to actively respond to the state's carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality policy. As a responsible corporate citizen, we care about the society and are enthusiastic about public welfare. The Group has organized various forms of volunteer service activities, and has actively participated in the fight against the epidemic, poverty alleviation, and rural revitalization, etc. The Group is committed to make our part of contribution to the harmonious development of society and the improvement of social wellbeing. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. Only by doing so can we successfully advance our premiumization strategy, enable the Group to grow into a worldclass beer enterprise, become a corporate citizen widely respected by society, and achieve sustainable development.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 6 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES SnowMS QFS FSSC 22000 e ISOeHACCP 98 f The Group established a quality and food safety management system with characteristics of CRSB (short as SnowMS QFS) passed a total of 98 international systems certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. d 20. 7 i 87. 0 f Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 yearonyear; the customer satisfaction survey score has been improved to 87. 0 points. d d f All beer products pass both exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. All beer products were incompliance with the industrial and national standard of Beer. Environmental Protection 0. 0195 158. 4 d 5. 7 f Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit was 0. 0195 tonnes of standard coal per kilolitre output (or 158. 4 k Wh per kilolitre output), decreased by 5. 7 overlast year. 1 2 0. 075 d 9. 8 f Greenhouse gas emission intensity per unit (scope 1 2) was 0. 075 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output, decreased by 9. 8 overlast year. 1. 3 d 0. 3 d 1. 0 f Total output increased by 1. 3 yearonyear, but the amount of new water used only increased by 0. 3 yearonyear, and the water consumption intensity per unit decreased by 1. 0 yearonyear. 30. 1 21. 0 f Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 30. 1 and 21. 0 respectively over last year. 2 d 1. 2 i 9 f Only 2 plants left and only 1. 2 of the total amount of sewage was discharged into natural waters; 9 plants had implemented negotiated discharging limit with municipal sewage treatment facilities. j 100 f Nonhazardous waste recycling 100 recycling rate of dried distiller's grains and dried waste yeasts. 32 d 130, 048 d 3, 496 f 32 plants have equipped with biogas boilers, converting about 130, 048 tonnes of steam for energy use in plants and saving about RMB 34. 96 million in cost of purchasing external steam. 2 d 7 d 732 f 2 plants have setup photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects which are of a total installed capacity of 7 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 7. 32 million k Wh during the year. d f Wuhan Plant was awarded with the title of national Green Plant and national Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, both are the two highest honors in domestic manufacturing sector. OVERVIEW OF 2022 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 7 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Care for Staff j d 0. 6 f Safety production Injury rate per thousand staff has been less than 0. 06 with zero workrelated fatalities for the three consecutive years. j 31. 7 655 f Staff training Average training hours and cost of each fulltime employee are 31. 7 hours and RMB 655, respectively. 64. 2 d 55, 304 de 24, 975 f Approximately 642 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided, covering 55, 304 employees and 24, 975 suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties. Social Responsibilities 1, 880 d 5, 110 f More than 1, 880 employees participated and more than 5, 110 hours were spent in voluntary activities during the year. ESG Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature The Research and Application of Key Technologies for Beer Bottle Design and Quality Assurance under Consumption Upgrade won the second prize of the China Alcoholic Drinks Association Science and Technology Progress Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. China Alcoholic Drinks Association Technological innovation The Research and Application of Key Technologies for Beer Bottle Design and Quality Assurance under Consumption Upgrade won the second prize of the Management Innovation Achievements of Modern Industrial Enterprises China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. e China Industry News, Innovation Work Committee of China International Association for Promotion of Science and Technology Technological innovation 2022 2022 Digital Workshop in Heilongjiang Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Heilongjiang) Co., Ltd. Department of Industry and Information Technology of Heilongjiang Province Technological innovation 2021 2021 Brand Influential Enterprises of Alcohol Manufacturing in Hebei Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Hebei) Co., Ltd. Hebei Light Industry Association Safe production MAJOR ESGRELATED AWARDS AND HONORS
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 8 Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature The Production Safety Quantitative Risk Assessment System won the National Computer Software Patent China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. National Copyright Administration Safe production 20202021 Honor of Advanced Collective in the 20202021 National Ankang Cup Competition China Resources Snow Breweries (Shangqiu) Co., Ltd. e e All China Federation of Trade Unions, Ministry of Emergency Management of the People's Republic of China, and National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China Safe production 20202021 Winner of Shanghai Region in the 20202021 National Ankang Cup Competition China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch e e Shanghai Federation of Trade Unions, Ministry of Emergency Management of the People's Republic of China, and National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China Safe production 2022 HONG KONG GREEN AWARDS 2022 Environmental, Health and Safety Award (Large Corporation) Silver China Resources Snow Breweries (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Green Council Green and environmental protection 2022 HONG KONG GREEN AWARDS 2022 Green Management Award Corporation (Large Corporation) Bronze China Resources Snow Breweries (Gansu) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Liuan) Co., Ltd. Hong Kong Green Council Green and environmental protection
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 9 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature Provincial Green Plant China Resources Snow Breweries (Henan) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Qiannan) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology Green and environmental protection National Green Plant China Resources Snow Breweries (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China Green and environmental protection Provincial Watersaving Benchmarking Enterprise China Resources Snow Breweries (Qiandongnan) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Qiannan) Co., Ltd. e e e Provincial Department of Water Resources, Provincial Development and Reform Commission, Provincial Department of Transportation, Provincial Government Offices Administration, etc. Green and environmental protection Provincial Watersaving Enterprises China Resources Snow Breweries (Hebei) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. Chaoyang Branch China Resources Snow Breweries (Henan) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. e e e Provincial Department of Water Resources, Provincial Development and Reform Commission, Provincial Department of Transportation, Provincial Government Offices Administration, etc. Green and environmental protection
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 10 Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature National Water Efficient Leading Enterprise China Resources Snow Breweries (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. e e e National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China, Ministry of Water Resources of the People's Republic of China and State Administration of Market Regulation Green and environmental protection Hunan Ecological Environment Education Base China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. Xiangxi Branch Ecology and Environment Department of Hunan Green and environmental protection 2022 The project management experience in the China Resources Snow Quality and Food Safety Management System won the quality benchmark of Heilongjiang Province in 2022 China Resources Snow Breweries (Heilongjiang) Co., Ltd. Department of Industry and Information Technology of Heilongjiang Province Food safety 2021 Excellent Enterprise in Implementation of the Main Responsibility of Food Production awarded by Liaoning Province in 2021 China Resources Snow Breweries (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. Liaoning Administration for Market Regulation Food safety 2022 SM CCSI Ranked No. 1 in the 2022 (Eighth) China Customer Satisfaction IndexSM (CCSI ) in terms of beer category The Brand of Snow Beer Chnbrand Brand rating authority Chnbrand Food safety CSTD The talent training program of Cyclone Plan won the gold medal (first place) in the 7 th CSTD China Learning and Design Competition China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CSTD CSTD, China's leading talent development service platform Talent training CSTD 2022 CSTD First Talent Development Lighthouse Award 2022 China Talent Development Lighthouse Award Model Enterprise China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CSTD CSTD, China's leading talent development service platform Talent training
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 11 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature 2022 14 CEFE The 14 th CEFE BOOAOO Award in 2022 Benchmarking Enterprise of Digital Learning Application China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Onlineedu (an online education information network) Talent training 2022 2022 KNX X Awards Human Capital Management Practice Competition Excellent Case of Digital Intelligence Talent Development China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited KNX Talent training National Demonstration Enterprise in the Establishment of Harmonious Labor Relations China Resources Snow Breweries (Tibet) Co., Ltd. e e e e Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China, All China Federation of Trade Unions, China Enterprise Confederation, China Enterprise Directors Association, and All China Federation of Industry and Commerce Employee relations China Corporate Citizenship Forum Excellent Corporate Culture Award of the Year China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 21 21 st Century Finance Corporate culture 2022 2022 Golden Bee Corporate Social Responsibility Influential and Leading Enterprise China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Golden Bee Think Tank Corporate culture
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 12 e f de d d d d f d d de d f ESG ESG d ESG d ESG f ESG f d d j d EHS e e d f ESG f ESG fENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, the Group consolidates the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improve our own management standard, strive to provide highquality products to and create value for customers, and promote the corporate sustainable development. Meanwhile, as one of the leading beer enterprises in China, the Group proactively fulfills its corporate social responsibility, makes contribution to various aspects such as social economy, community and environment, and promotes the sustainable development of the society and the state. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding ESG, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group's ESG strategy and the results presented in this report. The board of directors hold semiannual meetings with the senior management regularly, or special meetings when necessary, to guide the senior management on the following matters The Board is responsible for supervising and approving the sustainable development strategy of the Group, including the 14 th Five Year Plan for EHS management, the Carbon Peak Action Plan, water resource management objectives, etc., to ensure that the group is moving towards sustainable development. The Board supervises the Group's annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Business and related risks. The Board oversees and reviews the Group's communication with stakeholders and the identification and assessment results of ESG material issues.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 13 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG d fe f d d d ESG f d ESG d f ESG d ESG d d d ESG e ESG e ESG f f The Board monitors and reviews the progress of the Group's ESG targets and environmental management policies and strategies. The Board supervises the Group and its various work levels (decisionmaking level, supervision level and execution level) to implement various actions according to the work plan. In addition, at the committee level, the Audit Committee hold semiannual meetings, in which ESGrelated business risks would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. Through the Group's three lines of defense risk management structure, the Audit Committee supervises the ESG risk management of the business as well as the implementation of related actions with timely guidance and suggestions provided. Apart from requiring the ESG report shall be incompliance with the newly revised terms of the regulatory authorities, the Board also suggests the Group to reasonably take into account the expectations of investors towards the ESG report, by considering voluntarily disclosure on the content of the work in respect of social responsibilities and corporate governance aswell as the management targets of emission reduction in response to carbon neutrality, while at the same time strengthening the internal review of ESG information, the review of raw material suppliers in terms of ESG aspects, and the relevant ESG related trainings and participation of the directors and senior managements of the Company. The report team has listened to these relevant suggestions and incorporated the related contents into this Report.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 14 e EHS d EHS d d EHS f e d e e e d f ESG j Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level The board To monitor the Company's assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue on the Company's business model d To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESGrelated targets and indicators To review and monitor environmental management policies and strategies Decisionmaking level The senior management ESG e To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies and targets To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG d e To facilitate topdown ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branches The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, aswell as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The Group has also established an allround mechanism on identification of environmental and social risk, management and control and response based on the objective environment and our own situation, and promoted the corporate sustainable development through a number of activities such as system settings, daily monitoring, data collection and information disclosure to carried out its undertakings to various stakeholders. Setout below is the functional settings, specific duties and responsibilities of the Group's ESG management
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 15 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities Supervision level e Responsible persons from various functional departments and branches To implement resolutions and report working situation to the decisionmaking level ESG To conduct researches on actual tasks according to the overall ESG strategy and direction To assign relevant working groups to implement the tasks To suggest work improvement for the coming year to the decision making level Execution level Working groups of various departments and regional companies d To complete assigned tasks within own functions inaccordance with the direction set by the supervision level e To collect, organize and report relevant information on a regular basis d To make timely feedback of practical working situation and make recommendations on the implementation of tasks Tobe responsible for dissemination of internal information (CEO) dee e e EHS e f d d fWATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management, including Technology Research Institute, Procurement Management Center, Operation Center, Production Center, EHS Department, Risk Management and Internal Control Department, etc. Upon the gradual adjustment of organizational structure, it is clarified that the Group's water resources management strategy and performance have been directly responsible and coordinated by the Production Center in Headquarters, and the results are regularly reported to the CEO.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 16 TARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the effectiveness of the latest amendments to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in July 2021, the Group had formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its development strategies in 2021. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and its actual business conditions, the Group had formulated its EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan. Taking 2020 as the base year, 12 specific targets for ESG management in the next five years has been formulated, which have been reviewed and approved by the Board. Departments such as the EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the Chief Executive Officer. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. According to the CRH EHS Responsibility Management Measures and CRH EHS Annual Assessment and Evaluation Measures, the main person in charge of enterprises at all levels of the Group is the primarily responsible person for EHS issues and is fully responsible for the implementation of the company's EHS main responsibility. The scope of assessment and evaluation includes production safety, environmental protection, occupational health, carbon emission management, food quality and safety, etc. The relevant ESG performance of the Group has been linked to the compensation of the management team. By establishing an EHS incentive mechanisms, formulating assessment methods with rewards and punishments specified, the Group is able to achieve and decompose EHS indicators for better implementation. The Group regularly assesses and evaluates the EHS work of business units aswell as the completion of target tasks, the assessment results of which are included in the performance contract. The Group commends and rewards organizations and individuals that have achieved outstanding EHS performance or that have made important contributions to the improvement of EHS management standards. However, those who commit with dereliction of EHS duty shall be held accountable inaccordance with EHS assessment standards and relevant systems. 2030 e 2060 d d f d d EHS f d ESG 12 d f EHS e e e ESG d d f ESG ESG d f EHS EHS d EHS d EHS fee e e f ESG d EHS d d EHS d EHS d f EHS EHS i EHS d EHS f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 17 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS j Unit 2025 Targets 2022 Progress 2020 Baseline Changes in 2022 vs. 2020 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1 Tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 020 0. 021 -8. 6 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 50 2. 72 2. 69 1. 0 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions 2 1, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent 825 850 914 -6. 9 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit 2 Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 075 0. 084 -10. 7 SO 2 Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) Tonnes 20 9 23 -60. 4 NOX Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 100 67 117 -43. 0 Recycling rate of dried distiller's grains 100 100 100 Recycling rate of dried waste yeast 100 100 100 4 Social (4 items) Average training hours for each fulltime employee in full year Hours 36. 1 31. 7 29. 3 8. 2 Total training hours for fulltime employee Thousand hours 866 762 779 -2. 2 Average training cost for each fulltime employee RMB 426 655 341 92. 1 Number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 0 Targets set and progress in the Group's EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan are as below
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 18 1. d f 2. f d d 2023 2025 e e e f f d f d ESG f d d e e e e e d d f 1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People's Republic of China ( PRC ). 2. The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal Calculation Method of Carbon Emission of CRSB. To enhance accuracy, the calculation method has been updated in 2022 with reference to the Notice on the Management of Greenhouse Gas Emission Reporting of Enterprises in the Power Generation Industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial), and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG data of 2021 have been restated in accordance with the calculation method consistent with 2022. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group's business management and development. We have regular communication with stakeholders to understand their opinions on the related ESG issues. Based on our own industry background and the influence scope of the sustainable development, we selectively identified the following stakeholders the government and regulatory authorities, shareholders, consumers, staff, suppliers and partners, industry associations and the community, and understand their expectations towards, and feedback on the Group's sustainable development through the following communication means so as to improve the Group's operation and practices correspondingly.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 19 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline and online smart customer service system Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 20 The Group continues to use the list of material issues set in 2021 ESG Report. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material issue in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring. d ESG f d d d ESG d d fIDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. Incompliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to the sustainable development of CR Beer and Materiality to stakeholders, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. Corporate Social Responsibility Management Requirements Corporate Strategies and Operating Highlights Relevant Requirements of Domestic and International Social Responsibility Standards Agenda of Social Responsibility Stakeholders Analysis f e d de f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 21 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Materiality Matrix and Table of All Stakeholders 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anticorruptions 13 Environmental compliance 14 Lowcarbon operation 16 Control of hazardous and nonhazardous waste generation 24 Labour standards and labour relations 31 Product and technological innovation 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Supply chain management 5 Antitrust and fair competition 6 Use of more ecofriendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management 8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 e Proper use and recycling of resources 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 26 Occupational health and safety 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services 30 Protection of customer privacy 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations 412136 39 40 1211938 37334 35 18724 2 31132 13 14334 1716 30 25 829 26 2019 1027 28 236 225 Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Stakeholders 15 High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 22 Materiality Matrix and Table of Investors In response to the Board's recommendation to the Group regarding reasonably taking the expectations of investors towards the ESG Report into account, the Group has specifically identified and analyzed the concerns on ESG issues of investors, under which the material issues are as follow ESG d ESG d j 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anticorruptions 13 Environmental compliance 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 24 Labour standards and labour relations 26 Occupational health and safety 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Management of Suppliers 5 Antitrust and fair competition 6 Use of more ecofriendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 30 Protection of customer privacy 31 Product and technological innovation 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations 8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 14 Lowcarbon operation 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 16 Control of hazardous and nonhazardous waste generation 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 e Proper use and recycling of resources 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Investors 41 2136 39403712 119 334 351872619 2421 32 13 143 34 31 1716 30 2520 8 29 1027 28 236 22538 15
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 23 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report c d d d f d d f d f d f e e e d GB 77182011 f d d j SnowMS QFS d SnowMS QFS 24 d d deed f FSSC 22000 eISOeHACCP 98 fCHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES As a member of the food industry, the Group deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise's success. The Group strictly controls the safety and quality of food to provide beer products of the best quality in the market to customers. The Group makes innovation actively, protects intellectual property rights, and leads the industry to meet evolving market needs. The Group also encourages consumers to drink in a proper manner to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. (I) PRODUCT HEALTH AND FOOD SAFETY Over along time, food safety and quality management are at the core of our operation management. The Group observes strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the People's Republic of China on product quality, food safety, food labeling standards, consumer rights protection, etc., such as the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Consumer Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Provisions on the Administration of Food Labeling, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Foodrelated Products, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Product Anticounterfeiting, the Measures for the Administration of Supervision and Inspection of Food Production and Operation, the General Principles for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food (GB 77182011), etc. System Accreditation and Standard Setting To realize onestop management and achieve manufacturing excellence, China Resources Snow Breweries has created a CRSB featured quality and food safety management system (short as Snow MS QFS System). On the basis of 24 elements of Snow MS QFS System, the Group established a unified system maturity evaluation model that combined with the quality management requirements of CRSB, consolidating the quality and food safety management system through internal audit, preexamination assistance, supervision and certification audit, etc. In 2022, Snow MS QFS System has passed 98 international system certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO and HACCP.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 24 The Group has established a comprehensive database of quality and food safety regulations which is updated timely. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmark against national standards and industry standards intensively. The Group has been improving the construction of technical quality standards in combination with its business requirements of secondary organizational transformation, and reviewing the standards from the four dimensions of regulation, technology, logic and time. In total, there was 68 standards documents revised and 62 standards documents formulated in 2022. To promote the implementation of standards and to enable employees to query the latest effective standards in a timely, fast and convenient manner, the Group has developed and launched the CRSB Enterprise Content Management (ECM) System. The system can quickly and accurately push the latest effective standards to each position through setting the standard permissions. The system also provides multiple quick search methods such as intelligent search, tag search, intelligent collection, etc. preventing problems such as untimely delivery, omission and version error and improving the efficiency of standard query. To ensure that managers and employees at all levels have a full understanding of food safety systems and standards, in 2022, the Group organized a total of 52 food safety managers from all its subordinate units to participate in the special food safety training sponsored by the State Administration for Market Regulation. The Group aswell organized the management personnel at all levels from its subordinate units to participate in the trainings on laws and regulations such as the Emergency Plan for Food Safety Accidents, the General Hygienic Code for Catering Services, and the Administrative Measures for Supervision and Inspection of Food Production and Operation. Quality Management of Incoming Raw Materials In order to implement the Regulations on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China and fulfill the main duties for food safety of enterprises, CRSB employs a professional organization of a thirdparty professional organization with laboratory qualifications such as the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) every year to spot check the procured materials for beer production according to the destinated food safety indexes. In 2022, 194 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, food additives, bottle washing agents and beer packaging materials were sampled, with 230 samples and 5, 506 test indexes. The test results all met the requirements of national standards on food safety, effectively ensuring food safety of the production materials used by CRSB. d d e f d d e e e f 68 d 62 feed d ECM d de dee d de e f d d 52 d f d d CNAS d f d e e 194 d 230 d 5, 506 d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 25 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCRSB continued to conduct quality audits on its supplier that it completed 275 quality audits on supplier with found 1, 710 problems found in 2022, and urged suppliers to carry out rectification to ensure food safety and hygiene. In addition, affected by the changes in the domestic and foreign market environments and the continued impact of the pandemic, the price of bulk raw materials continued to fluctuate in 2022. To meet the challenges, the Group timely put forward a production safety procurement plan for raw materials such as malt and packaging materials such as cans, caps and glass bottles, so as to ensure that purchased materials are in line with quality standards. Further prevention of food safetyrelated risks anda longterm stable and controllable supply channel is also ensured. Meanwhile, the Group has maintained the strategic cooperation with key raw material suppliers and continued to implement 4 longterm cooperation agreements on domestic hops procurement as well as 11 longterm cooperation agreements on imported hops procurement in 2022. Quality Management in the Production Process CRSB has formulated the 4 ACCP technical specification, unified the analysis steps and methods of key control points in quality and food safety, standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specification. The 4 ACCP Control Plan is a control plan developed for the key control points of quality and food safety, which analyzes from the four aspects, i. e. food safety, food fraud, food threat and quality risk, determines key control points and critical limits, develops a control plan, and regularly monitors the implementation of control plan, with 66 key control points in quality and food safety determined currently. d 275 d 1, 710 d f d d f d e e d d d f d 4 d 11 f 4 ACCP d de d d f 4 ACCP d e e d d d d 66 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 26 To maintain quality control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. The Group has continued to carry out the construction of a Snow Star Good Laboratory Practice covering the whole process of beer production such as raw material entry, process monitoring and finished product inspection, and continued to carry out internal and external verification and benchmarking to improve management level of the laboratory. During 2022, the verification and benchmark of Snow Star embraced beer, malt and hops, anda total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 21 supplier laboratories were verified to improve the inspection and testing capabilities. In addition, the Group formulated and strictly followed the Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a threetier inspection system comprising selfinspection, mutual inspection and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. By implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience on food tracking. As of the end of 2022, the Group has a firstclass team of beer tasters in China with a total of 38 nationallevel judges, 4 of which are lifetime honorary judges. In addition, the Group has established a threetier team of beer tasters at headquarters, regional companies and plants respectively to achieve sensory quality control of the entire production process of raw and auxiliary materials, semifinished products and finished products. In 2022 the 4 th National Beer Tasting Vocational Skills Competition, one beer taster of the Group was awarded the title of National Technical Master, six beer tasters were awarded the title of National Technical Master in the Light Industry, and 38 beer tasters were awarded the title of National Technical Master in the Brewing Industry, demonstrating CRSB s leading beer tasting skills in the industry. d f deed d f dee d 68 21 d f d d e e f STTS (Snow track and trace system) d d QR DM ie e d fe d d f d 38 d 4 f d e e dee f d 1 d 6 d 38 d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 27 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group has adopted an extended quality management approach to achieve centralized planning at the headquarters, management by regional companies nearby and shared use of consolidated information, such that the three levels of headquarters, regional companies and breweries can cooperate efficiently. The Group integrated the concepts, principles, practices, tools and technologies of lean management into all aspects of quality and food safety management. It applied lean tools such as TPM(Total Productive Maintenance), QC (Quality Control) and SPC (Statistical Process Control) to tackle key quality problems, and improved quality in the whole process from the arrival of raw materials to the delivery of finished products. In 2022, the Group resolved quality problems with over 1, 500 minor and lean improvement projects, tackling pain points such as market complaints and sanitary dead angle. Quality Management of Products on the Market With a view to continuously improving product quality and customer satisfaction, the Group continued to promote the project of Eliminating Impure Beer. The Group organized professional and technical forces to decode and compile the Evaluation Form for Reducing Defective Product Experience, with oneonone assistance offered to those plants who lag behind. Meanwhile, the Group initiated the procurement reform of bottle washing agents, carried out extended inspection and assistance on the quality of recycled bottles, improved bottle washing quality and reduced market complaints. The Group also improved products image in the end market by improving the quality of spraying on packages of highend beer in glass bottles and cans. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 yearonyear. To ensure that every bottle of beer that consumers see and drink is of good quality, the Group has been continuously carrying out product quality protection and improving protection standards. In 2022, combining the standard requirements with the actual production, the Group produced a video themed Guidelines for Product Quality Protection to help quality protection participants to better understand and implement related standards. At the same time, the Group organized professional teams to train and inspect the quality protection knowledge of its plants, logistics providers and distributors. dee de e fe e e d TPM eQCeSPC d d d f 1, 500 d f d d d f d d d d f d e f d d 20. 7 fed d f d d d fee f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 28 The Group has formulated relevant food safety management regulations such as the Contingency Plan on Food Safety, the Management Regulations on Product Recall and the Management Regulations on Unqualified Products to manage recalled products at three levels and put forward different recall requirements for different recall levels. In 2022, the Group actively responded to the requirements of the Notice on Strengthening the Investigation and Prevention of Food Production Safety Risks promulgated by the General Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation. The Group carried out basic and dynamic risk investigation based on preliminary food safety selfinspection, with food safety supervisors, experts and enterprise food safety management personnel from the Group participated in. All beer products of the Group have passed both exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all products were incompliance with the industrial and national standard of Beer. The total oxygen content of the product was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. The Group did not encounter any significant food safety incident in 2022, maintaining the bottom line of zero food safety incident and safeguarding the legitimate interests of consumers. In 2022, all units of the Group carried out emergency drills for food safety emergencies, reaching a rate of 100. Based on the deficiencies found in such drills, the Group further perfected the emergency plan, enhanced the coordination and efficient disposal ability of various departments, improved the emergency disposal ability of each unit to food safety incidents, prevented problems before they happened and consolidated a firm line of defense for food safety. (II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION To satisfy the everchanging needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law, the Group has carried out intellectual property application, maintenance and rights protection work. To improve the management of intellectual property in the beer industry, the Group has timely revised the Regulations for the Administration of Intellectual Property Rights and established the Guidelines on Collection of Evidence for Use of Trademark, the Guidelines on Anticounterfeit and Rights Protection of d d f d de d f d d d f (40 ppb) d f d d d d f d 100 f d d d d d f d d f e e f d d
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 29 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Trademark, the Guidelines on Examination of Product Labels and Remarks, the Management System for Domain Name, Universal URL and Wireless URL, the Management Measures on Trading of Intellectual Property Rights (Trial) and other rules and systems, providing system guarantee for the Group's protection and maintenance of intellectual property. To drive continuous innovation and standardized management, in 2022, the Group formulated the Management Systems for Research and Development Projects, the Management Measures for Expert Consultation, the Incentive Measures for Innovation Achievements, the Management Measures for the Identification of Scientific and Technological Talents (Trial), the Management Measures for Research and Development Funds and the Management Measures for Scientific Research Archives. The regional companies formulated the Regulations for the Implementation of Management of Research and Development Projects. The Group has initially established a matrix innovation system featuring full coverage of elements horizontally and topdown control vertically, creating an enterprise culture atmosphere encouraging innovation. The Technology Research Institute of the Group actively organized innovation and empowerment training. In 2022, it carried out a total of 10 common knowledge empowerment trainings covering topics such as intellectual property, technical standards, review of beer history and its innovative development, quality and flavor stability of finished beer products, etc., and conducted 7 specialized trainings including one brewing engineering expert talk conducted by the scholars from Qilu University of Technology. While developing innovative products, China Resources Beer also adheres to the requirements for product quality and food safety. Before the newly developed products are put on the market, the Group shall carry out food safety assessment on beer body and packaging materials, including compliance check of raw materials, microbial test of beer body, taste test, food safety inspection, performance test of packaging materials, food safety verification, etc., so as to ensure that the quality and safety of newly developed products meet national standards. After the new products got listed on the market, the technical R&D team shall follow up the market status and get market feedback in time. de f d d de d f de e e 10 d 7 f d f d e e e e e d f d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 30 In 2022, the Group actively promoted independent research and development projects such as new product development, sustainable development, smart factory project, research on key flavor substances, brewing technology upgrades, and packaging diversification. The Group's research and development investment on these projects has amounted to RMB 134. 67 million with a scientific research team of 115 people. Since 2021, the Group has launched the carbonated beverage called Snow Xiao Pi Qi, which focuses on the selling points of zero alcohol, zero fat and zero pressure that catered to the multiple needs of modern young people in gathering and healthy diet. The Group shall continue to launch more lowalcohol products and nonalcohol products, enriching the product portfolio and meeting with customers increasing healthy consumption. The Group continued to build and promote its diversified brand portfolio by launching several new products in 2022, including its first highalcohol by volume ( ABV ) superpremium product Nong Li, an upgraded version of Li that features higher ABV and wort concentration, aswell as premium products L wen Fruit Beer ( 703 Cherry) and Snow Draft Pure Malt Beer, new peach flavor and pineapple passion fruit lactobacillus flavor of the carbonated beverage Snow Xiao Pi Qi, which have further enriched the Group's product portfolio and supported its premiumization development. In 2022, the Group has successfully passed the certification of the Management Code of Enterprise Intellectual Property (National Standard of PRC GB T 294902013), which marks that the Group has in fully compliance with the national standards for intellectual property management in terms of beer packaging design, research and development of production process, beer sales, etc. In 2022, the Group filed more than 500 applications of new trademark registration in China, including brands such as Zhuoyue and Joy Brew. The Group also issued 3 applications for the Certificate of Invention Patents and two applications for the Certificate of Utility Model Patent that has been granted. The Group continued to renew and maintain over 60 trademarks in its major overseas countries and regions according to the overseas business plan. By the end of 2022, the Group had maintained 3, 703 registered domestic trademarks, 92 authorized patents and 76 registered copyrights. The Group strictly abides by laws and regulations on the field of intellectual property rights and has not been found any material violations in 2022. dee e e e d 13, 467 d 115 f d e e d f d d f d de 703 d d f d GB T 294902013 dee f d de joy brew i di d f d 3, 703 d 92 d 76 f d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 31 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) ADVOCATING RATIONAL DRINKING AND RESPONSIBLE MARKETING As a beer manufacturer with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the national advocation of rational drinking and promotes a healthy and edified lifestyle, ensuring fair, reliable and responsible marketing information. The Group strictly abides by the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, Interim Measures for the Administration of Internet Advertising, Anti Unfair Competition Law, Consumer Rights Protection Law and other national advertising regulations. The Group implements a strict review system for content used in advertisement and the rules of prizeattached sales, to ensure the legality and compliance of marketing content and to prevent legal risks in advertising and prizeattached sales, while avoiding infringing on other people's rights. Combining with relevant domestic advertising illegal cases and legal regulations, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alerts with Cases of Violation of Advertising Law and a template checklist of selfinspection on compliance as references to warn the business unit about advertisingrelated legal risks. In addition, the Group has established a topdown management mechanism to supervise responsible marketing activities in all regions. According to the management mechanism of the Group, all complaints related to product marketing and promotion contents must be properly recorded for internal review, and corresponding corrective measures should be taken in real time according to the review results to minimize social impact. In the meantime, employees are also responsible for the supervision of responsible marketing that once any employee found false advertisement to be forwarded, he or she should report the false advertisement in time. The Group regularly reviews all product marketing and promotion contents on yearly basis to ensure that the contents disseminated are legal and compliant as well as conform to the Group's concept of responsible marketing and to eliminate false marketing from the source. In 2022, the Group did not commit any major offenses involving advertising and promotion d d dee fe e e d d d d f d d f d d f d d d d f d d d f d d d f d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 32 Internal Standard of Responsible Marketing The Group emphasizes the importance of promoting rational drinking by establishing an internal management system of responsible marketing to further ensure legal compliance. Taken practical business into consideration, the Group has formulated the Guidelines for Advertising Legal Review Work and the Management Measures on We Media to clarify the bases and key points of advertising review, possible risk in the release of new advertisement, and prevention requirements. It is stipulated that the encouraging or inductive contents such as unrestrained drinking or drinking excessively are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The communication contents and content review mechanism are also clearly stipulated in the related guidelines, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the enterprise advertising contents to be released soon, guiding consumers correctly from the root. The Group publicizes internally the special prohibitions on alcohol advertising and strictly implements them, including but not limited to No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of unrestrained drinking. No appearance of drinking actions. No appearance of minors and their image in the advertisement; No appearance of dangerous activities such as driving a car, boat or airplane, especially under the influence of alcohol. No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others; No expression or implication that drinking contributes to the success of personal, business, society, sport, sexual life and others. Apart from clearly indicating ingredients and alcohol content on product packages, the Group also prompts persuasive signs and words such as Excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to health in print, television, film and digital advertisements aswell as in product labels, taking the initiative to give potential risk warnings. In addition, there is an age limit set on the official website of China Resources Snow Breweries to prohibit minors from browsing. d d f d de d d d d f d j he ihi hi he e d i h e i he e e e f de e e e d f d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 33 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Promotion and Training of Responsible Marketing In order to better control responsible marketing, the Marketing Center, Brand Management Department and Legal Compliance Department of the Group actively promote annual training of responsible marketing to all employees with following contents Training Scope of Responsible Marketing Training Contents Basic principles of responsible marketing e e Being complied with the principles of morality, legality, honesty and truthfulness. d Taking full consideration to productrelated laws and regulations, such as legal drinking age. Target group of responsible marketing Targeting people who have reached the legal drinking age. e e e e e d The marketing and promotion should aim to steer clear of those who under the legal drinking age (for example, objects, images, styles, symbols, colors, music and characters including cartoon characters that appeal to children or adolescent should not be used in marketing campaigns and commercial publicity). Advising retailers to avoid selling alcoholic beverages to minors. Advocate rational drinking Promoting moderate and rational drinking behavior as well as healthy and edified lifestyle. d Printing persuasive signs and words that explicitly warn people of the hazards associated with drinking. Publishment of fair information e e Promoting products by providing fair and accurate information (e. g. using truthful and accurate statements about carbohydrates, calories and other nutrients in beer). Avoiding using false information (e. g., not implying or claiming that beer has therapeutic or health benefits). Legal compliance d Conducting training and interpretation of the newly issued codes of alcohol advertising. Ensuring that employees are knowledgeable about the rules pertaining to responsible marketing. de d j
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 34 Advocate Rational Drinking The Group has collaborated with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 8 consecutive years and has been a member of its Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee. The Group regularly organizes events such as National Rational Drinking Publicity Week every year with the intention to introduce the initiative of Care the Youth, No Underage Drinking to the entire industry and society. In 2022, specific actions include Released the 2022 China Green Paper on Prevention of Underage Drinking, the online survey of which has lasted for more than 5 months with a total of 134, 480 valid samples collected, covering 31 provinces and regions in China and students from 9 designated provinces and cities. Hosted the theme event of Ten Thousand Stores Together, Not Selling Beer to Minors to encourage alcoholic enterprises, retailers, industry associations across the country to make a joint commitment of not selling beer to minors, which in return should promote industry's sustainable development. Established the very first group standard for alcohol ecommerce platform, Sales and Distribution Specifications of Alcohol Ecommerce Platform, which provides guiding opinions to stakeholders such as ecommerce platforms, service providers and alcohol retailers on taking their social responsibilities. The content covers the compliance of online sales and distribution of alcohol products, protection of minors, rational drinking, etc., which actively enhanced industry cooperation in advocating rational drinking and strengthen industry selfdiscipline. Held the designed contest of public welfare poster themed Care the Youth, No Underage Drinking and the photography contest themed TOP 10 Beautiful Wines and Pictures, collecting 1, 088 works and 4, 226 works for submission, respectively. Initiated the 5 X Plan and the Tweeting Phoenix Plan, pushing the rolling display of themed public welfare posters and other content on 50, 000 electronic screens across the country as well as the outdoor LED screens in core business districts of 10 firsttier and secondtier cities, affecting more than 300 million audiences. 8 d China SAO d deed j h 2022 d 5 d 31 d 9 d 134, 480 f h d d e e d f h d e e deed d f he TOP 10 d 1, 088 4, 226 f h 5 X e d 5 10 e LED d 3 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 35 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Produced the microfilm Nezha Conquers alcohol with a public welfare theme focusing on the growth of teenagers. The cumulative online and offline broadcasts reached approximately 80 million times. Launched the NFT digital collection with a public welfare theme of rational drinking for the first time, and all the proceeds of which shall be donated to China Youth Development Foundation for the protection of minors. Operated the We Chat official accounts with three columns of Care the Youth, No Underage Drinking, Rational Citizen Says No to Drunk Driving and Moderate Drinking, Merry Life, on which featured articles are regularly published to popularize the knowledge about underage drinking prevention, drunk driving prevention and alcohol culture. In addition, the Group and its strategic cooperation brand Heineken beer jointly advocate and support the commitment to responsible drinking. The brand invests about 10 of its yearly media budget in promoting rational drinking and responsible drinking. (IV) CUSTOMER SERVICES AND PRIVACY PROTECTION Customers Services Upholding the operating philosophy of Prioritizing Customers, the Group has been striving to improve customer satisfaction and build good and longterm customer relationships. During the reporting period, the Group continued to improve its customer service system and optimized its rapid response system for client complaints. The Group undertakes to protect the legitimate interests of consumers and safeguard its business by adopting the following measures (1) Rapid response The customer service staff from the Smart Customer Service Center of the headquarters shall send a work order through the system within 30 minutes after receiving feedback information from the customer. Upon receiving such work order, the customer service consultant must contact the consumer within 30 minutes to understand details and strive to resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. For complaints about defective product, it is necessary to reply to the customers in the customer service system within 72 hours, maintain the progress of processing, upload photos of physical alcohol drinks, etc. h d 8, 000 f h NFT d d f he e e e de f d d 10 f d d f d d f d f j (1) j d 30 d d 30 did 72 de f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 36 (2) System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint process are recorded online, which enable customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant department to improve. At the end of 2022, the Group launched a smart customer service system, which adopts a parallel service mode of robots and manual seats. Robots can provide 24 hour uninterrupted service and continuously improve customer experience. (3) Rectification the Group's customer service team conducts realtime and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. (4) Sampling analysis in respect of complaints about defective product, our customer service team facilitates timely return of the complained beer to the plant. The plant should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer. As of the end of 2022, the returntoplant rate of complained beer reached 99. (5) Business linkage the business operation departments need to acknowledge customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customeroriented beer enterprise. In 2022, the overall complaint rate of the Group was 18. 5 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 yearonyear, and the complaint rate of defective products decreased from 5. 8 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output to 4. 4 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output (complaint rate of defective products number of complaints about defective products total output). The survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling has been improved to 87. 0 points.(2) j d d d f d d d 24 d f (3) j d d d f (4) j d d f d 99 f (5) j d d d f d 18. 5 f d 20. 7 d 5. 8 4. 4 d 87. 0 d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 37 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The table below shows the customer service indicator for the past two years Unit 2022 2021 Number of complaint received Cases 20, 600 21, 000 Number of complaints about defective product Cases 5, 000 6, 500 Number of complaints about poor service Cases 15, 600 14, 500 Customer complaint settlement rate 96. 0 95. 0 Revisit rate of customer complaints 90. 0 90. 0 Effective communication rate of call center 99. 6 99. 5 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 99. 5 98. 5 Responsive time after receiving complaint Minutes 30 Within 30 minutes 30 Within 30 minutes Survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling Points 87. 0 86. 3 The number of complaint presented above is rounded up. Personal Information Protection The Group attaches great importance to the protection of consumers personal information in strictly compliance with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China. All suppliers involved in users private information must sign relevant contract clauses on information protection in line with the system requirements of the Company's Legal and Compliance Department, so as to maximize the protection of consumers personal privacy and information security. To standardize the legal compliance of the Group's personal information protection and prevent the compliance risk in handling personal information in violation of regulations, during 2022, the Group developed and issued the Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection, the Personal Information Protection Policy Regulation and relevant application guidelines, aswell as carried out legal training on personal information protection, implemented the responsibilities and requirements for personal information protection, and promoted the consent to privacy policies. In terms of its business, the Group conducts compliance assessment and audit of consumer personal information protection in strict accordance with laws and regulations and the provisions of the Group's system, ensuring the compliance of personal information processing through agreements and authorizations. j f d d d f d d d d d d f d d d e f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 38 The Group is in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management, and all levels can only view complaints and consumer information within their authority. Staff is forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers who initiated the complaint and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When customers file complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete their relevant personal information. We strengthen the defense capability of the Group's network by establishing firewalls, intrusion detection and other technologies to ensure that the confidential related information system of the Group operates safely in the intranet. During the operation, we also require relevant staff to comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Confidentiality Work Management System of the Group, and customer service staff is requested to sign the Confidentiality Undertaking before work. Such accountability on confidentiality is implemented for the fulfillment of our confidentiality obligation and the safeguard of information security. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any complaint involving attested invasion of customers privacy and hacking, leakage or loss of customer information or important information. (V) SUPPLY CHAIN RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SUPPLIERS Management of Suppliers Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine undertaking, tendering and bidding process, etc. so as to prevent food safety risks and to ensure that materials purchased are incompliance with quality standards, establishing a stable, controllable, secure and supportive supply channel for the Group's longterm development. In addition, the Group advances the priority of quality through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure, which helps to achieve winwin situation with strong suppliers through agreement on strategic cooperation. The Group actively responds to national policies, strictly abides by laws and regulations on bidding, standardizes the bidding and procurement processes, actively responds to the national policy call for optimizing the business environment, and prevents any restrictions or exclusion of suppliers on the basis of unreasonable conditions. The Group pursues responsible procurement, formulates and implements procurement rules and regulations such as CRSB Procurement Management Systems and CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers, implements procurement processes such as supplier introduction, bidding, public procurement and price inquiry, and follows three key principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, with a responsible procurement ratio of 100. By formulating standards of supplier screening and onsite accreditation as well as urging suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment, the Group advocates for suppliers to devote to environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption, and full recycling of resources, so as to contribute to the green and healthy development of society. e d id id ie d f d d d d d f de f d e e e d d d e e f d d d e e f d d d d f de de e e de d 100 fed de d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 39 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In order to fulfil our social responsibility in respect of supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, starting from 2020, we have emphasized environment protection in the suppliers selection and certification criteria, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water waste gas treatment equipment, etc. Besides, the Group requires all suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environmentrelated technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Carrying out knowledge and compliance test of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and selfdiscipline they should perform. de d d d j hi hi hi h f d j h d i h di hi h d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 40 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years Unit 2022 2021 Total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 300 4, 800 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers Introduction rate 13. 6 9. 0 Elimination rate 9. 2 11. 0 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 7 99. 7 Other regions 0. 3 0. 3 Breakdown by types of products supplied e e Suppliers of productive materials (including raw and auxiliary materials, packaging materials and additives, etc.) Suppliers 1, 300 1, 100 Suppliers of nonproductive materials Suppliers 3, 000 3, 700 The Group carries out circulation dynamics management of suppliers list and implemented supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation and elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee inaccordance with the relevant regulations. (1) Screening of potential suppliers potential suppliers will undergo screening through regional reporting, selfrecommendation, scout by headquarters, etc. In 2022, 19 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities. j d e e e e e d e e f f (1) j e e f d 19 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 41 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(2) Onsite inspection and accreditation in 2022, the Group organized 11 largescaled onsite inspections and accreditations covering approximately 280 new suppliers and cooperative suppliers with recommendations for improvements given. (3) Supplier cooperation assessment the Group conducts monthly assessments on the cooperation with suppliers to ensure effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. (4) Comprehensive evaluation of supplier the Group conducts annual comprehensive evaluation of suppliers and has established a Supplier Blacklist that those suppliers who commit serious violations of regulations and disciplines during the process of procurement bidding and cooperation shall be disqualified and included into the catalog with 5 years of prohibition time. There are currently total 38 suppliers in the catalog. (5) Hierarchical management of suppliers in 2021, the Group formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Starrated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. By jointly entering into strategic cooperation agreement, we share test sites, database and communication platform with our strategic partners, which has been a new form of cooperation with suppliers. (6) Dynamic management of supplier list CSBR supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. The supplier collaborative management system has been launched in 2022. Suppliers on list that do not provide to the required information will be eliminated and excluded from the supplier collaborative management system. In 2022, there were 347 core suppliers of production materials reviewed by the Procurement Management Center of the Group. Of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certification in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO, and 342 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certification in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO 9001 or equivalent standards.(2) j d 11 d 280 d f (3) j e e e e e e d f (4) j d de d d f 38 f (5) j d dee e e d f (6) j d f d d f d 347 d 118 e ISO d 342 HACCP d ISO 9001 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 42 Suppliers Responsibility Management The Group continued to facilitate the promotion of the Knowledge Manual for CRSB Suppliers on What Should Understand and Follow and urged the suppliers of the Group to follow our new rules and requirements in terms of green production, sustainable development and social responsibility. We encouraged the suppliers to implement environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. The Group continued to carry out supplier quality risk control. In 2022, the Group issued an email warning to all suppliers with supply quality problems. We conducted an interview with 58 suppliers, and tracked and confirmed the completion of quality problem rectification. When conducting onsite accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should understand and follow for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should understand and follow for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of supplies of the Group and the cooperation will be ceased for two years. Building on the comprehensive test for the existing suppliers in 2020, the Group conducted a test regarding what should understand and follow for newlyjoint suppliers in 2022, and organized a total of 23 trainings for new suppliers joint within the year during verification, of which over 230 participants been trained. Unit 2022 2021 Number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should understand and follow Suppliers 23 26 Number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 23 26 Number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 0 Pass rate 100 100 Elimination rate 0 0 In 2022, the Group conducted a test regarding what should understand and follow for newlyjoint suppliers only, so the number presented above does not include suppliers who had previously completed relevant tests. dee e d de f d d 58 d f d d d f d f d d 23 d 230 f d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 43 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(VI) ANTICORRUPTION AND GOVERNANCE OF INTEGRITY The Group strictly obeys national laws and regulations pertaining to antibribery, extortion, fraud and moneylaundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the PRC and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and executes relevant systems and documents of its parent company in its production and operation and earnestly carries out the system regulations such as the CRH s Business Code of Practice, the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited, and the Ten Directives of China Resources. Meanwhile, according to the market and production and operation conditions, the Group establishes and improves relevant management systems, and strictly implements relevant rules and procedures, including the Implementation Rules of CRSB Disciplinary Inspection (Supervision) Agency Letters and Visits Handling and Disciplinary Work Supervision, the Centralized Management Measures for Letters and Visits and Question Clues, and the Employee Violation and Discipline Handling Measures. Inactive response to the requirements of the Measures for Compliance Management of Central Enterprises issued by the Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the Group strictly follows the relevant norms on compliance management, participates in the decisionmaking of major issues about the Company, strictly conducts 100 legal review of the contracts, systems and major business decisions required by the Stateowned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, so as to effectively prevent and control compliancerelated risks, and keep a good line of defense against compliance. e e de de e e e f d d f d d f d d dee 100 d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 44 Internal Anticorruption Norms The Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribe, extortion, fraud, moneylaundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruptions. In addition, the Group has organized built a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. The Group's audit team conducts annual audits of its internal code of ethics and standards, so as to continuously improve and refine the involved systems. In respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, construction of major projects and spirit of the Eight Point Regulations of the Central Government to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. The Group insists that power shall go with responsibility, responsibility must be taken, discipline must be pursued, and failure must be accountable; and the disciplinary inspection department of the Group resolutely punishes corruption without wavering, and handles letters and cases in strict accordance with rules, disciplines and laws. In 2022, the Group carried out a total of 10 audit programs covering anticorruption, fair competition, conflicts of interest, internal transactions and other business ethics and integrity related fields. No material problem concerning the above issues was identified by the Group based on the audit results. During the reporting period, the Group had no litigation relating to corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and moneylaundering, or any other material violations and crimes reported. In 2022, for the sake of regulating and preventing corruption risks and promoting business transactions to be conducted in an honest and clean manner, the Group formulated two systems, namely, the Anti Corruption and Anti Bribery Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy, aiming at further improving the compliance system. The Anti Corruption and Anti Bribery Policy clarifies the prohibited behaviors to prevent bribery, and regulates behaviors involving offering benefits, entertainment and souvenirs, charitable donations and sponsorships. The Whistleblowing Policy clarifies the following aspects in reporting the suspected behaviors, the protection of whistleblower, confidentiality, reporting channels, anonymous report, investigation, false report and so on. e e e e d f e d e e dee f d f dee e d f d d d de f 10 dee e d f dee e d f d d d d f de e fee e e e e f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 45 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized 45 professional trainings and 48 legal education sessions, covering such fields as data compliance, personal information protection, antiunfair competition and antimonopoly, advertising law, environmental protection law, water pollution prevention and control law. The Group also organized legal personnel to participate in relevant training sessions such as Rule of Law Lecture and Compliance Management of Stateowned Enterprise issued by the SASAC and the Group to understand the cuttingedge policy trends in compliance management, so that they can learn such experience from excellent enterprises and enhance their professional skills. In 2022, with a view to adapting to the second time organizational transformation, the audit department of the Group streamlined the approval procedures in operating to label each step by marketing, operation, production, procurement and function in the management system, which separated the business operating and professional support clearly, so as to achieve smooth connection and unified standards in each system from the front line to the headquarters, and thus to further strengthen the control and the operational efficiency. The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, construction, operation and capital management aswell as key positions and arranges education activity relating to integrity culture. During the period under review, the Group held two companywide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 employees, with an aim to continually build up employees awareness of rules. Moreover, the discipline inspection commissions at all levels carried out thematic education in a hierarchical and targeted manner, with 24 thematic education sessions held for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement and covered 1, 113 enrolments in key positions. Promoting Integrity Supplier Procurement Culture The Group, following compliance operation, is committed to create an atmosphere of integrity work by promoting integrity culture to its partners, while informing its partners of the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations, etc. that should beknown and observed, so as to promote anticorruption and integrity to a deeper extent. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal connected transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, receipt of gifts. d 45 d 48 dee e e ie e d d d f d d de e e e d d d fed d dee e e e d f 2 d 2. 5 d f de de e d 24 d 1, 113 f d d d e e d f e e e e e f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 46 The Group allocates the procurement approval process to each unit, and accurately divides the list of procurement items and the main responsibility authority. It also carries out hierarchical license management in accordance with procurement category authority and approval limit. In 2022, the public procurement rate reached over 98; the online procurement rate reached 100; the centralized procurement rate reached over 80; and the electronic bidding rate reached 100. Besides, suppliers are required to sign a Sunshine Undertaking in contract attachments when signing the procurement contract and submitting the tender documents, and the Legal Compliance Department of the Group is responsible for reviewing whether the Sunshine Undertaking is included in the contract to be signed, so as to standardize the compliance transaction behaviors. During the onsite certification of suppliers, the Group also requires all suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment and promise not to bribe employees of the Group, and resolutely refuse and report the solicitation and acceptance of bribes by employees of the Group, so as to ensure that the business practices of the suppliers and the Group fully comply with relevant anticorruption laws and regulations and disciplinary requirements. In the meantime, all the staffs of the Group must sign the Integrity Code for Onsite Certification of Suppliers, clearly put forward the laws and regulations related to anticorruption and bribery to the suppliers, and restrain each other by signing contracts to carry forward honesty and integrity. In 2022, 100 of new certified suppliers of the Group signed the Sunshine Undertaking and the Supplier Commitment, and 100 of the onsite certification personnel of the suppliers signed the Code of Integrity. During the first meeting about onsite certification of suppliers, the Group focused on promoting the culture of integrity procurement to its suppliers, creating a clean working atmosphere, and positively conveying the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations that such suppliers should follow, so as to promote anticorruption and integrity to a deeper extent. In 2022, the publicity coverage of the Group towards centralized materials and suppliers of sizeable materials reached 100. d f e f d 98 d 100 d 80 d 100 f d d d f d de d f d de d d f d 100 d 100 f d d d e e d f d 100 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 47 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group, taking into account the practical business, resolved to promote and implement compliance management system in the field of bidding and procurement coming with high compliance risks, organized the proposed compliance officers involved in the field of bidding and procurement to participate in the compliance training camp, actively promoted the certified compliance officers in the field to take up the post, and advanced the implement of compliance management system. Simultaneously, the Group completed the nationwide promotion and launch of the contract management system, achieved the comprehensive coverage of the contract management system in the headquarters of China Resources Snow Breweries and 16 regional branches across China, and controlled all external payments of China Resources Beer, so as to effectively control legal and financial risks and improved approval efficiency. Aiming at thoroughly implementing compliancerelated complaints and reports, further improving the legal and compliance whistleblowing awareness of suppliers and distributors, and warning false whistleblowing, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized the revision of the Sunshine Undertaking in the annex to the contract, clarified the scope of acceptance matters, and clearly agreed on the liability for breach of contract for suppliers and distributors to make false reports, so as to promote the sound operation of complaint reporting by letters and visits. In terms of the risk management for marketing and antidumping and countervailing duty, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group completed sorting out prevention of legal risks of key accounts, legal risks of price management and legal risks of Internet business in 2022. During contract review and other business document review, the Group paid attention to antiunfair competition, antimonopoly, commercial bribery and other issues to ensure business compliance. The Group formulated model marketing contracts and model beer distribution contracts to escort business compliance. In addition, the Group formulated the Guidelines for Legal Audit of Prizegiving Sales and the Guidelines for Legal Audit of Advertisement to prevent relevant legal risks. d d d d d f d d 16 d d d f de d d d d d f d dee f deed fed fed f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 48 Antimonopoly and Antiunfair Competition The Group has fully implemented the arrangements of antimonopoly and antiunfair competition. In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group followed up the revision of the Anti Monopoly Law in real time, discussed the possible major impacts on the Company's business, made risk warnings and gave corresponding control suggestions. The Group drafted and issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alert in Anti Monopoly Law Enforcement Cases, and analyzed the first antimonopoly punishment case of the General Administration of Market Regulation in 2022, so as to provide a reference for the Company's business compliance. The Group's Legal Compliance Department organized the training on the interpretation of the revision of Anti Monopoly Law and the training meeting on the publicity and implementation of the Administrative Measures on Anti Monopoly and Anti Unfair Competition of China Resources Group. With regard to daily operations of the Company, the Group's Legal Compliance Department reviewed the newly launched information system, packaging, product manual, promotion plan, channel construction and other links that might involve unfair competition, and made preventive suggestions. In addition, it carried out professional training on themes such as brand compliance system management, brand endorsement risk prevention, distribution rebate and marketing criminal warning line. In 2022, the Group has never been punished by government regulatory authorities due to monopoly or unfair competition. f d d d f d 2022 d f f d e e e e fee e f d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 49 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report c f d d f d e e d f de f d d f d dee e e e e e dee e f d f d d d fCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to the management and operation principle of peopleoriented for many years. We regard the staff not only as important assets in the development of our business, but also the key service group to realize corporate vision. The Group not only safeguards the rights and interests of the staff in any aspects, but also endeavors to offer them a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment to understand and meet their various needs on work and life. (I) EQUAL EMPLOYMENT POLICY AND STAFF REMUNERATION AND BENEFIT The staff is critical to the development of the Group's business, and is of great significance to our product quality, food safety and service reputation. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivation of the staff and is dedicated to safeguarding the staff's appropriate treatment and law protection. The Group strictly complies with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Insurance for Workrelated Injury, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women s Rights and Interests and the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China in order to safeguard the employment principle of equality. We treat our employees fairly and equitably regardless of age, gender, nationalities, ethnicity, religious belief, skin color, language, and household registration location. We aim to build up a fair, equal, competitive and meritbased recruitment environment. The companies under the Group have setup and continuously improved relevant management regulations in order to manage all employment issues in a proper and effective way. The Group continued to follow its wellestablished internal systems and guidelines, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System, the Manager's Performance Entitlements and Business Expenses Management System, the Staff Remuneration Management System, the Manager's Remuneration Management System, the Recruitment Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, and made contributions to the social insurance and housing provident fund for the staff, safeguarding the staff's rights and interests.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 50 The Group insists on passing the employee value concept of diligence, professionalism and growth, and strictly implement the national and local regulations and policies on labour and remuneration management with various social insurances and housing provident funds paid in full for employees according to law. At the same time, the Group continuously improve and enhance the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. Inaccordance with the second threeyear strategic deployment of the Group, the Group has completed the reform of the remuneration and benefit system for all employees and formed the one designed for the middle and junior level employees which is based on value of work position and integrated with the evaluation of professional grading and annual performance ranking. In 2022, the Group has continued to invest in pay adjustment resources and carried out annual performancebased pay adjustment for employees to continuously improve employees incomes and enhance its market competitiveness. In respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays, in addition to strictly complying with the national and local laws and regulations, the Group also follow its internal policies on staff package and benefits, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, to protect the rights and interests of employees. The Group's business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. In 2022, during the period of regular pandemic prevention and control, the Group formulated the Notice on Daily Attendance Management during the COVID 19 Pandemic Period and the Notice on Daily Management under the New Normal of Pandemic Prevention and Control to meet the reasonable workingfromhome and vacation needs of employees affected by the pandemic, and to protect employees income from being affected to the greatest extent during the period of prolonged lockdown and suspension of production. e e d d f d d f d d d f d d d f d d d d f d dee e e e e f d d de d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 51 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Moreover, we followed the national and local labour laws aswell as the internal policy of the Group to implement working hour management, and paid corresponding remuneration according to the staff's job position and actual working hours. The Group is committed to offering comprehensive benefit for the staff, promoting the national benefit system of three unifications (i. e. unifications of benefit items, benefit standard and payment approach), unifying the management of the national staff benefit, and improving basic safeguard level and internal fairness for benefits. To safeguard the health of the staff, the Group provides the staff with various plans, including basic medical insurance and complementary commercial insurance of all staff, and arrange annual health examination for all staff and regular professional health examination for special types of the staff. In 2022, the Group had set up a flexible commercial insurance benefit selection platform to build and improve the welfare and security system for employees and their families, which allows employees to freely choose insurance upgrade plans and family insurance plans according to their needs, we had published announcements on the office automation (OA) platform and posted articles through official We Chat account of the Company for promotion. We carry out the promotion of remuneration and benefit from multidirection and multidimension, strengthening the staff's social and benefit security, and meet their expectations and satisfaction on remuneration and benefit. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labour rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. (II) TALENTS RECRUITMENT AND MANAGEMENT To assure the recruitment and performance evaluation process ona transparent, open, fair and justice basis, the Group has developed human resources management systems and management regulations as well as continued to improve and upgrade. The Group's staff recruitment, review and approval procedures are set according to the internal policy of Recruitment Administrative and fully cover the recruitment process of various positions. We strictly complies with the requirements of the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations which had a significant impact on the Group. The Group not only strictly complies with the requirement of Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, Prohibition on Child Labor and Law on the Protection of Minors, but also established policies on preventing child labour or forced labour and managed the compliance and quality of employment from the hiring stage. Hiring informatization system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labour force ona voluntary basis during the site interview and other scenarios. Moreover, the Group also provides sufficient opportunities to the disabled and demobilized soldiers looking for jobs. d d f d e d d f d d e i f d d d d (OA) e d e d f d e e fee e d d f d fe fed d d 18 d f de f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 52 In the meantime, the Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. The Group has designated the manager in charge of labor policies to act as coordinator during employment. Whenever breaches are identified, coordinator shall be reported immediately and then asked the person responsible for labor policies to conduct investigation and report on the investigation. The coordinator shall report and make recommendation to the director of human resources department for approval after making analysis. After the above process, the coordinator will confirm the results. During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labour. Meanwhile, the Group strictly executed the Management Regulations on Reporting of Employment Disputes and the Standardized Management System for Labour and Employment to report promptly labour employment disputes and followup events closely and implement measures on improvement. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise HR personnel's awareness of the risk of labor employment disputes. In 2022, the labor contract signing rate of the Group was 100 and the social insurance coverage rate was 100. The Group properly managed the staff's information, such as recruitment and attendance, through various systems and measures, formulating information system data quality and system application appraisal indicators and conducting inspections and assessments quarterly to ensure the accuracy and quality of relevant statistics. At the same time, key data information was checked on an irregular basis each month by the Group and relevant regular training was organized to ensure the system operate normally and can be operated by the staff properly. As the Group's business presence is across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and introduced management trainee and school enrollment system to promote schoolenterprise cooperation and employment. In 2022, the Group had approximately 24, 000 fulltime staff, with an average age of 36. 9 years old and the average length of service amounting to 9. 3 years. Over 42. 4 of the staff had obtained a bachelor's degree. de d d f f d d f d d f d f d d f d d d d d d f d 100 d 100 f d d d d f d d f d de d d f d 24, 000 d 36. 9 d 9. 3 d 42. 4 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 53 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The scope of the Group's human resources related data mainly involve in the Group's headquarters aswell as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. f Unit 2022 2021 (1) Total number of employees (1) People 24, 000 26, 900 Total number of fulltime employees by gender Male People 17, 500 18, 000 Female People 6, 500 7, 000 Total number of fulltime employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below People 5, 400 5, 200 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 People 10, 500 11, 300 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 200 6, 500 50 Employees with age 50 or above People 1, 900 2, 000 Total number of fulltime employees by region Mainland China and Hong Kong People 24, 000 25, 000 (2) Local employment rate (2) 100 95 f (1) i 25, 000 1, 900 f (2) d f The number of employees presented above is rounded up. (1) The total number of employees in 2022 include the number of parttime employees (which is zero in this year). The total number of employees in 2021 includes approximately 25, 000 fulltime employees and approximately 1, 900 parttime employees. (2) Local employment rate is an estimated figure which represents employees working locally upon employment.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 54 Unit 2022 2021 Total number of fulltime employees by grade Senior management People 800 900 Male People 680 785 Female People 120 115 Middlelevel employees People 2, 400 2, 400 Male People 1, 970 1, 980 Female People 430 420 Junior employees People 20, 800 21, 700 Male People 14, 800 15, 300 Female People 6, 000 6, 400 Management employees (middlelevel seniorlevel) People 3, 200 3, 300 Male People 2, 650 2, 800 Female People 550 500 f The number of employees presented above is rounded up.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 55 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(3) Voluntary turnover rate the number of staff in this category who voluntarily propose to leave (resignation, contract expiration, etc.) the total number of employees in this category. Unit 2022 2021 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of fulltime employees 8. 2 8. 4 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of fulltime employees by gender (3) Male 9. 3 11. 6 Female 5. 3 6. 8 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of fulltime employees by age group (3) 29 Employees with age 29 or below 26. 4 23. 8 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 4. 2 6. 5 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 1. 3 1. 9 50 Employees with age 50 or above 0. 5 0. 4 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of fulltime employees by region (3) Mainland China and Hong Kong 8. 2 8. 4 (3) e f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 56 (III) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands various needs and demands from staff proactively through maintaining close and good communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. The Group keep a thorough internal communication system through various channels like the visits to frontline operation, communication with the general manager and mailbox. We further promote the informatization of communication channel and setup of platform to strengthen the management on communication with informative media, and make use of social media, We Chat official accounts, mobile office platforms to encourage all staff's participation in the Group's operation management, increasing the staff's willingness to involve in the corporate governance and protect their rights to know, participate, express opinion and monitor. In this regard, the Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership and encourages them to participate in democratic management, giving full play to the communication and coordination of the union and various departments. The Group respects the right of the staff to participate, organize, or refuse to participate, the union is respected to enable the union to become a qualified and exemplary home of employees. In 2022, the Group had been in fully compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China to establish union with 100 rate on staff participation in the union. For staff caring and promoting communication with each other, the Group has set upwork guidance about staff care and realizes the allround care to staff safety, emotion and selfrealization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, aswell as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to buildup teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through annual research on corporate culture recognition and various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, mailbox of general manager, etc., so as to understand the staff's satisfaction with their jobs. Since 2018, the Group have conducted employee surveys on corporate culture identity every year for five consecutive years. 83. 1 of staff have participated in 2022 survey and the results of which showed that the overall culture recognition rate of CRSB was 60. 11. In 2022, the Group continued the activities that our senior management interacted with the frontline operational staff and conducted indepth communication with them to find out their needs and expectations on the company, meanwhile, deepened staff care and strengthened team building. d d d f deed d deed dee f d d d d d fe de f d d 100 f d de de f d deed d f d f 83. 1 d 60. 11 f d d d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 57 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group has initiated CRSB s corporate culture restructuring project since 2018, with the aim of refining its core cultural values through corporate culture restructuring. This has led to the successful implementation of culture promotion strategy, culture driving corporate development, and culture gathering team strength. The Group developed the CRSB Culture Manual, the Culture Management System of CRSB and the Corporate Culture Visual Identity System of CRSB to standardize and normalize the management of corporate culture and build a corporate culture system of CRSB. The Group also continuously strengthened the construction of informatization communication channel and platform and implemented comprehensive corporate culture promotion platform. The Group communicated with its staff through internal publications, multimedia and We Chat official accounts and other channels to enhance their understanding of the dynamic development of the Group. The Group is dedicated to promoting the worklife balance and ensuring the physical health, safety, and wellbeing of its staff by providing various nonmonetary benefits to motivate and encourage them. These benefits include the provision of parental leave, learning and training opportunities, career counselling, free body examinations, occupational disease prevention examination services, etc., which contribute to the physical and mental health and career development of employees, and ensure the longterm stable performance of employees at all levels. In addition, the Group regularly organizes various cultural or sports activities, with the following activities undertaken during the period under review Xiangxi plant in Hunan Province specially invited professional trainers from Xiangxi Red Cross Society to conduct emergency care training for employees, with a focus on cardiopulmonary resuscitation, theory of accidental injury emergency treatment, onsite cardiopulmonary resuscitation and AED practice. Twentyone employees obtained ambulance certificate issued by Xiangxi Red Cross Society. Tianjin Regional Company carried out 4 free consultation activities for employees such as traditional Chinese medicine consultation and ophthalmic consultation, and cared for the physical and mental health of employees. Shandong Regional Company carried out Cooling Activities in Summer, procured agricultural products to distribute cooling drinks to employees, and at the same time distributed heat prevention and cooling fees. d d dee f d d f d d de e d f d d fe e e d d f d d j de AED d 21 fe 4 d f d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 58 Yichang plant launched the Dragon Boat Festival activities under the theme of Celebrating the Dragon Boat Festival and Experiencing the Joy with Zongzi and organized employees to hold lantern riddles and window cutting events at their homes during the Lantern Festival. With the subject of Commemorate the Martyrs & Enlightening Virtue, it conducted a cleanup operation to preserve the spirit of revolutionary heroes in the Qingming Festival. The branches of Trade Union of Zhejiang Marketing Center actively organized and carried out more than 130 team building activities, formed 44 trade union interest groups, and carried out more than 70 interest group activities, with a total of about 800 participants. Wenzhou plant formulated a yearround cultural activity plan, and organized cultural activities such as Spring Festival blessings, birthday parties, 3. 8 activities, esports competitions, and choir competitions. The Group is devoted to improving working environment, to create a comfortable and pleasant working environment for its staff. To achieve this, the Group's various subsidiaries advocated various modification projects in each plant area based on its actual conditions, such as building of staff dormitories and upgrade of safety facilities in activity rooms, modification of production equipment, greening working environment and improvement of meal quality, ensuring that the staff can work in a comfortable, safe and healthy working environment. d f e f e d f 130 d 44 d 70 d 800 f d e e e e f d f d e e dee f BUILDING CORPORATE CULTUREd d 29 f d d d d d f In 2022, China Resources Beer Headquarters and its subsidiaries simultaneously held the second Snow Day event to celebrate CRSB s 29 th birthday. With the theme of Our Team Growing towards the Sun, and the keynote of Sea of Stars, a series of special snow activities such as Which snow are you were carried out to involve all employees, further enhancing their cultural perception and participation, and fostering cultural identity.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 59 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) STAFF DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING To the best of the Group's knowledge, staff growth is the key to business development. In this regard, the Group have been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and are committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. Furthermore, the Group adopted the principle of talents training and development of full coverage and highlighted priorities and strived to construct and continuously optimize our training systems. In order to motivate talents and ensure the stable development of the Group, the Group has formulated a comprehensive and welldeveloped talent team building plan and management and leadership development training programs for employees at all levels to enhance the upward mobility of employees within the Company. The Group continued to expand occupational development of the staff, enabling them to progress and grow with the Group. Based on the enterprise development strategy of Quality Development for Success in Premiumization and the human resources strategy of Talent Development for Transformation and Innovation, the Group's Learning and Innovation Center takes strategy undertaking, leaders nurturing, resource building, platform establishment and technology empowerment as its five major positionings to optimize the talent training system, enrich the construction of learning resources, promote digitalization learning, and consolidate the learning management system. The Group not only provided training to all employees, but also offered targeted skills guidance and training courses according to their job positions and qualifications to enhance their working ability and performance, so as to support the Group's strategic transformation and promote highquality business development in the long run. The Group has a mature and systematic team of trainers, professional learning design and training operation team, and innovatively refined the organizational learning methodology and talent training mechanism with the characteristics of CR Beer and adapted to the corporate strategy, such as the fiveinone training and practice methodology and the 1 1 1 3 coordination between business and training mechanism, to create a number of outstanding talent training projects that are in line with the Group's strategy and business development. The Group's selfexplored talent training methodology has been registered as a copyright by the National Copyright Administration, and has won series of Best Practice Award for Talent Training by Training magazine, CSTD and other wellknown enterprise training platforms in China. d d d d d f d d f d e f d d dee e e d d d d f d d d f d de de 1 1 1 3 d f de CSTD f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 60 In 2022, the Group planned and implemented the following online offline training programmes d j Strengthening the talent team 100 Leading Talent 100 e d e d e e e f 2022 270 f The Group has developed a team of senior command talents who can cope with challenges and help the Group to succeed introduced business education with indepth Chinese and global educational content, and built a young, professional, marketoriented and international leadership talent pool oriented to the future. In 2022, about 270 persontimes were covered. Whirlwind Plan talent training project catered to the middlelevel sales d d f 2022 d 1200 e 70 23 f The Group has unified the understanding and cognition of strategy by the middlelevel sales team, explored benchmark cases, and improved the comprehensive ability of the middlelevel sales team. In 2022, a total of more than 1, 200 complete case materials, 70 excellent cases and 23 national demonstration cases were produced. HRBP Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) Rain Dew program e f 2022 1, 828 d HRBP HRBPf It promoted the transformation and upgrading of human resources functions and optimized human resource management models. In 2022, it involved about 1, 828 persontimes, covering the content of the HRBP learning path and matching its curriculum resources to HRBP nationwide. Highperformance middlelevel project in the production system d d f 2022 135 f It's aimed to meet the needs of production system business development and intelligent transformation, effectively improve the management ability of highperformance middlelevel in the production system, and build a highquality talent echelon for the production system. In 2022, about 135 persontimes were covered. Middlelevel management class in the operation system d d f 2022 435 f It's aimed to meet the needs of strategic transformation and business development of the operation system, effectively improve the professional capabilities of the middlelevel of the operation system, and build a highquality operation system talent echelon. In 2022, about 435 persontimes were covered. Management trainee training program and Future Stars training camp d f 2022 161 223 f It's aimed to establish a perfect reserve management talent echelon to meet the training needs of the Company's business development for middlelevel management. In 2022, 161 and 223 persontimes were covered, respectively.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 61 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Achieving success in premiumization Strategic Key City Business Development Workshop e d d d f 2022 100 f Combined with the strategic theme of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment, in order to better promote the implementation of business, on the basis of the Strategic Key City Business Development Workshop, we continued to solve organizational and personal difficulties. In 2022, about 100 persontimes were covered. Fire Pistol for key customers empowerment d d d f 2022 96 f It's aimed to empower core key customers, build a dealer empowerment system and empowerment platform, sharing excellent dealer business models, and establish longterm and stable partnerships. In 2022, about 96 persontimes were covered. Channel Magic Weapon channel marketing empowerment e e e f 2022 177 f It's aimed to cultivate a group of channel marketing talents who understand marketing, have strategy, seek innovation, and pursue excellence. In 2022, about 177 persontimes were covered. Snow Lecture Hall Live Broadcast f 2022 1 CEO 3 f It's aimed to transform the practical experience of the leaders of each business unit into the experience and capabilities of the organization. In 2022, we carried out one live broadcast of CEO lecture hall of strategy and organizational culture and three live broadcast of digital lecture hall. Optimizing the management Learning System Construction PBA e deed f It's aimed to formulate and publicize systems such as the Training PBA Management Mechanism and the Online Training Operation Implementation Framework Guidelines to carry out online training operations in a professional, standardized, and efficient manner, and create a community operation mechanism with Snow characteristics. Inventory of Learning Resources d d 959 de 1, 000 f With the training management function of the learning platform, according to the usage of internal trainers on the learning platform and the upload status of online facetoface course resources, there were 959 registered internal trainers in 2022, with more than 1, 000 facetoface courses and cases. Learning Map Builder Empowerment d d d f 70 f It's aimed to establish an internal learning map expert team to jointly complete the construction of CRSB fullseries position learning map and curriculum system, accelerate the growth rate of talents, and shorten the growth cycle of key positions. In 2022, 70 persontimes were covered.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 62 d 334 d 4. 85 f d f j Unit 2022 2021 Total number of fulltime employees trained People 24, 000 25, 000 Training coverage rate of fulltime employees 100 100 (1) Training coverage rate by gender(1) Male 100 100 Female 100 100 (1) Training coverage rate by grade(1) Senior management 100 100 Middlelevel employees 100 100 Junior employees 100 100 (1) In 2022, the Group carried out a total of 334 facetoface training programs with an average satisfaction score of 4. 85 points for employees participating in training programs. Relevant training data contains online and offline training programs. The online training programs was carried outthrough the Group's selfdeveloped online learning platform CR Snow Learning and Innovation Center. The following table shows the training data of employees for the past two years (1) Training coverage rate Number of employees trained in the category Number of employees in the category 2022 Breakdown of Employee Trained By Gender By Grade 73 27 Male Female 3 87 10 Junior employees Senior management Middlelevel employees (2) Breakdown of employees trained Number of employees trained in the category Total number of employees trained(2)
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 63 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Among the training, approximately 65 is for industry related professional training, approximately 10 is for occupational general training, approximately 5 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 20 is for leadership training. Among the training, approximately 90 is related to ESG management improvement. Unit 2022 2021 Training cost Total training cost of employees RMB 15, 736, 000 9, 065, 000 Average training cost of each employee RMB 655 352 Training hours Total training hours of employees Hours 761, 500 744, 900 Average training hours of each employee Hours 31. 7 29. 8 Average training hours by gender Male Hours 32. 0 29. 9 Female Hours 30. 7 29. 1 Average training hours by grade Senior management Hours 28. 4 28. 1 Middlelevel employees Hours 30. 2 28. 8 Junior employees Hours 32. 0 32. 3 65 d 10 d 5 d 20 f 90 ESG f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 64 d f e e d d f d d f d d d f d d d d d f The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the career development of the staff. The Group assesses the staff based on their performance, professional knowledge and skills, etc. to provide adequate and equal promotion opportunity to them for developing career. In 2022, the Group improved the system of selection, appointment and daily supervision of managers, and put forward talent planning standards that meet the needs of future organizations and take into account the career development of employees. In addition, the Group reviewed the matching of talent standards, used a variety of assessment tools to carry outtalent assessment, and improved talent standards and evaluation systems. At the same time, the Group streamlined the management sequence level, improved the promotion path, ensured that the Company's overall talent structure matched the Company's development strategy and encouraged the indepth professional development of employees, so as to enhance professional capabilities.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 65 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG EXECUTIVE AND STAFF TRAINING d ESG d EHS e e e e e e e d ESG d d ESG e ESG e e d f In August 2022, the Group provided ESG professional training to all departments involved in ESG management, including the EHS Department, Technology Research Institute, Human Resources Department, Production Center of Purchasing Department, Risk Management Department, Sales and Marketing Center, Audit Department and Administration Department, and invited external professional organizations to conduct training to enable frontline staff to understand the ESG compliance disclosure requirements for Hong Kong listed companies, the new amendments of the ESG regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, capital market concerns, the Group's current status and international peer best practices and other information. ESG d ESG d e e (TCFD) d ESG f In response to the ESG disclosure expectations from the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the capital markets to listed companies, the Group also reviewed its ESG compliance disclosure status, and explored feasible options to enhance the Group's ESG management on topics such as supply chain carbon emission management, carbon reduction pathways for the beer manufacturing industry, Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and disclosure of human resources data. ESG d ESG d ESG d ESG d ESG ESG f The training provided by the Group further enhanced the knowledge of ESG work of the responsible colleagues and enabled them to comprehensively grasp the latest requirements of ESG work, so as to continuously improve the Group's ESG performance, to achieve more effective implementation of ESG management improvement work, to strive to obtain more competitive scores from international influential ESG rating agencies and to reach the ESG rating level of international toptier beer enterprises as soon as possible. d d e e e e ESG e e d ESG d ESG f The Group understands that communicating the vision and longterm strategic plans to key stakeholders is a key driver for the Group to achieve sustainable development. Therefore, the Group continued to communicate the direction, targets, vision and strategic plans of ESG issues through various communication channels such as the intranet, official website, posters, meetings, social media and emails during the year to help stakeholders build a sense of ESG mission and to ensure that the culture promoted by the Group encourages stakeholders to cooperate with the Group on important ESG concerns and key issues.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 66 e d de fe d d d f d d e f d f e e e d d f d d d d dee e f(V) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group still adheres to work management philosophy of people oriented and safety development, regards safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursues zero injury and zero incident. The Group strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and insisted on the safetyfirst management principle. At the same time, The Group strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. The Group has included occupational health and safety performance as one of the considerations in the formulation of executive remuneration to reflect the responsibility of executives in enhancing the Group's occupational health and safety performance. Through the establishment and improvement of responsible system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate's safety management level. The Group pays attention to the occupational health management of employees and improves management by setting up occupational health management institutions and allocate occupational health management personnel. The Group monitors occupational hazards in the workplace and formulate occupational disease prevention and control plans and implementation plans accordingly. The Group is establishing and improving the occupational health management system, operating procedures, files, evaluation and system emergency rescue plan.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 67 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a nonzero control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand employees of less than 0. 6. In 2022, the Group recorded 12 employees with workrelated injuries and the number of working days lost due to workrelated injuries was 436 days. The injury rate per thousand employees was 0. 50 (injury rate per thousand employees No. of employees with workrelated injuries No. of employees in the company 1, 000). The increase in the number of working days lost due to workrelated injuries compared with 2021 was mainly due to the occurrence of an electrical appliance fire accident anda slip accident during the year, resulting in burns to two employees and fractures of one employee, which required a longer period of recovery. In order to strictly control the risk of working at height and fall, the Group subsequently carried out special management of working at height and fall protection, determined the standard management process and requirements, and promoted the implementation of all units within the Group. de d f d d f Unit 2022 2021 2020 Statistics on workrelated fatalities in past three years Number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 0 Rate of workrelated fatalities 0 0 0 d d 0. 6 f d 12 d 436 d 0. 50 1, 000 f d d d f d d d f Safety production is an important part of the operation. With zero injury and zero incident as its management direction, the Group has set a safety production target of zero workrelated fatalities. In 2022, the Group had no production safety incident resulting in the death or serious injury of employees, holding the bottom line of safety production for three consecutive years.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 68 The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company's business. Through reidentifying and reevaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of prequalification, preservice preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. The Group's requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group's safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. d f j External certifications Unit 2022 Number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization Plants 59 d Of which, Number of plants that recognized as the secondclass enterprise Plants 24 Number of plants that recognized as the thirdclass enterprise Plants 35 ISO 45001 Number of plants that obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification Plants 16 deed EHS e d d f de dee e e e e f d d f d d deed f The Group are committed to improve our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that the Group's safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 69 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d f d d e e e d e e d f de d d d de d d f d EHS EHS 39 d f d d d d e e de f In order to raise safe awareness of our staff, the Group proactively carried out preventive work and vocational health training. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventiveoriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behaviour with full participation, focused on process control and regulated staff's safety behaviour as well as innovating safety inspection methods. The Group also identified and rectified potential dangers through flight inspection and review video monitoring to implement safe production. In 2022, the Group revised 39 safety management systems, including the Administrative Measures for the Identification of EHS Laws, Regulations and Other Requirements, the Measures for EHS Performance Appraisal and the Administrative Measures for the Investigation and Management of Safety Inspection and Hidden Dangers of Accidents, to further build and improve the safety production management system. In order to establish a more complete safety emergency management mechanism for CRSB, the Group also revised the Comprehensive Emergency Plan for Production Safety Accidents during the reporting period to improve the ability to respond to and deal with sudden safety accidents, standardize disposal procedures, effectively prevent, timely control and eliminate the impact and harm caused by accidents, and minimize casualties and property losses of enterprises.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 70 The Group encouraged its staff to obtain relevant professional qualification. In 2022, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 109 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 144 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. The Group's performance in safety training of the past two years j Unit 2022 2021 Safety checkup times Times 1, 053 3, 970 Exclusive funds for safe production purposes RMB 0 000 5, 285 6, 895 Safety education and training hours Hours 642, 000 550, 000 Safety training times to employees Times 55, 304 88, 652 e Safety training times to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties Times 24, 975 48, 627 Safety and Emergency drills Times 600 600 Participants 11, 800 13, 000 Safety education training rate 100 100 Occupational diseaserelated health checkup rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in workplace 100 100 f d e d 109 d 144 f d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 71 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d f d d d d f d 5 S d e f d d d d fee e d d f d 325 d 14, 230 f d di de f d d 80 dB(A) f d d d d d f f In terms of occupational disease prevention and control, the Group has compiled the Administrative Regulations on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Hazards and Occupational Diseases and the Occupational Health Checklist of the Group. The Group promoted health activities for all employees, advocated a healthy lifestyle, carried out employee health education, created a corporate health culture, and coordinated corporate development with employee health; built a good working environment for employees, vigorously implemented 5 S onsite management, and created a comfortable and pleasant working environment for employees as much as possible; regularly organized and held tea parties to pay attention to the mental health of employees, find out the common psychological worries of employees, and carry out targeted psychological counselling to reduce the psychological burden of employees; organized activities such as Snow Walking, badminton, basketball and table tennis to enhance employees physical fitness and promote employees health activities. In 2022, the Group organized 325 occupational health inspections and had 14, 230 persontimes of occupational health trainings. The Group has implemented standards such as the Regulations on the Administration of Occupational Health in the Workplace, strengthened the management of occupational disease prevention facilities, and effectively improved the working environment. In particular, scientific measures have been taken to strengthen the treatment and control of occupational disease hazards such as noise and dust. In 2022, the Group carried out noise control projects to ensure that the equivalent sound level of noise intensity exposed to employees at work remained below 80 dB(A). The Group has established standardized production plant noise control and monitoring procedure documents, drawn a noise map of the beer industry for the first time according to the noise risk level of the production site, established an early warning file for hearing loss of workers exposed to noise, assisted all units to predict the hearing loss of those workers in advance, reminded employees in advance to strengthen daily personal hearing protection, and established an effective hearing protection plan. The Group has not received any complaints or notifications from any government authorities for any material violations of occupational health and safety related laws and regulations as mentioned above.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 72 c d f d ide f d d d f d f f d d d d d d f de 13 fCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to protect environment and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. The Group strictly follows the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, aswell as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Pollutant Discharge Standard for Beer Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. The Group aims to develop a sound environmental management system and improve environmentrelated policies, adopts effective environmental operation and supervision rules, and implements internal control standards that are stricter than national or local government standards for pollutant emissions, with a view to achieving the best environmental performance. In 2022, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. (I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE The Group continues to optimize the environmental protection system of CRSB. In 2022, the Group established an ecological environmental protection system optimization working group to discuss the optimization of the environmental protection system framework. The Group sorted and optimized the rules and regulations for ecological environmental protection, including the formulation of the CRSB Measures for the Management of Permitting of Pollutant Discharges, the CRSB Measures for Supervision and Management of Ecological Environment, the CRSB Measures for the Management of Water Pollution Prevention and Control and the CRSB Measures for the Management of Noise Pollution Prevention and Control, and the revision of the CRSB Solid Waste Management System. The compilation of the CRSB Measures for the Management of Air Pollution Prevention and Control has been carried out. In 2022, the Group organized a total of 13 trainings on environmental protection laws and regulations and typical cases.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 73 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2022, the Group promoted ecological environment protection and energy conservation and emission reduction work in a solid and effective manner in accordance with the working mechanism of overall planning by the headquarters, overall responsibility by the region, and implementation by plants. The Group focused on 14 key tasks including the compliance of pollutant discharge permits, the whole process management of solid waste, strengthening environmental protection supervision and inspection, strengthening sewage source control, prevention and control of noises, environmental protection supervision of plants to be optimized, project of building green plant, carbon emission management on production process and supply chain. The Group regularly organizes EHS meetings to summarize EHS work and deploy EHS tasks. In 2022, the Group has held the EHS Committee (Enlarged) meeting, the EHS work seminar and the EHS summary meeting in the first half of 2022. The Group's CEO and senior management team, the heads and EHS functional personnel from each functional department center in the headquarters, from each region and each plant participated in the meetings through offline and online forms. The Group's EHS department prepares CRSB EHS Management Monthly Report every month to convey work requirements, reflect business trends, share work experience, and communicate information from top to bottom. The Group continued to carry out CRSB Regulation on EHS Responsibility of Position, organized all levels, departments, and all employees to sign the EHS Responsibility Statement, in which the EHS indicators were listed and responsibilities were allocated to each individual. In 2022, there were two indicators added to the EHS Responsibility Statement carbon emissions (Scope 1 Scope 2) per unit of output, and the ratio of clean energy to total electricity consumption. In 2022, the signing rate of EHS Responsibility Statement of the Group's employees is 100. deed dee e e e e e f EHS d EHS d EHS f 2022 EHS e EHS 2022 EHS f e e e EHS e f EHS EHS d d e d f EHS dee EHS d EHS e EHS f d EHS e f d EHS 100 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 74 In 2022, the Group carried out three special inspections and rectifications of pollutant discharge compliance, carried out the investigation and treatment of ecological and environmental protection problems ona regular basis. The Group issued investigation work requirements including Forwarding Group's Notice on Carrying out Special Investigation and Rectification of Pollutant Discharge Compliance, Notice on Carrying out Special Inspection of Water Pollutant Discharge Standards, Notice on Carrying out Special Supervision and Inspection of Environmental Protection Water Pollution Standard Discharge, Notice on Carrying out Compliance Checks of Interprovincial Transfer of Industrial Solid Waste. The Group setup supervisory action working group to conduct indepth investigations of environmental risks and hidden dangers, inaccordance with the principle that headquarters to do overall planning, regional companies to take the responsibility, and plants to make implementation. In order to promote the detailed implementation of the special work on pollutant discharge compliance and improve the supervision and inspection skills of professionals at all levels, the headquarters organized special training on inspection standards for approximately 123 people. The Group promoted the inspection of ecological and environmental protection at all levels of units by means of plant selfinspection, regional inspection, headquarters random inspection, and lookback projects to achieve full coverage of all plants. In 2022, the EHS Department of the Group organized 11 EHS professional enhancement trainings through Cloud Classroom with a total of 2, 400 participants. Through the EHS training system on Rwork, an online office platform developed by CRH, 323 online trainings were conducted by the Group with 49, 791 participants within the year. In 2022, the Group has invested nearly RMB 31 million in environmental protection special projects at headquarters level, and the total investment in technological transformation for environmental protection energy saving and emission reduction reached RMB 95 million. d d d d deed f d d d 123 fee e d f d EHS 11 EHS d 2, 400 f d EHS d 323 d 49, 791 f d 3, 100 d 9, 500 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 75 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d d d f d d e e d f The Group develops and implements inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant establishes an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, conducts selfmonitoring on pollutants ona daily basis, and shares data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly entrusts thirdparty agencies with professional qualifications to carry out inspections on each production unit. The inspection scope covers water pollutant, air pollutant, noise, etc., and the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision would be publically disclosed. j Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection j Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data d d dee e d d f Units at all Levels of the Group inspect various environmental data regularly. By utilizing the environmental data reporting system, primarylevel units (plants) report the data directly, which is subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. j Step 3 Onsite environmental checks e e d e e e e e f f The headquarters, regional companies and plants of CRSB conducted regular onsite environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. Onsite checks have been conducted to all plants. j The scope of environmental data d f e e d f Unless otherwise indicated in the calculation of carbon emission, the scope of the Group's environmental data mainly covers all the plants of CRSB that produce beer and other beverage. The environmental impacts of the nonproduction departments (including the headquarters and regional companies, sales centers, business departments, etc.) are not material to that of the overall operation of the Group, thus are excluded from the data scope. Threestep management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 76 (II) CARBON NEUTRALITY TARGET AND FLUE GAS EMISSION MANAGEMENT Low Carbon Operation Since 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into the Company's development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group's historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company's development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international toptier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14 th Five Year. The Group will continue to implement energy saving and emission reduction in various ways inaccordance with the 14 th Five Year Plan, including adjusting energy structure, optimizing production processes, increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy use. The Group continued to promote the optimization of production plant capacity, eliminated outdated production capacity, and gave priority to eliminating plants with high pollution and low energy efficiency. According to the Company's capacity optimization plan, the Group continued to promote the complete shutdown of two plants in Liaoning Province in 2022. The Group promotes the technical reform of beer production to reduce carbon emissions in the production process h Strengthen beer freshness control, lower sterilization PU, and reduce energy consumption in the sterilization process; h Optimize the grading control of glass bottle from the source and reduce the energy consumption in the bottle washing process; h On atrial to promote CIP cold cleaning technology to reduce energy consumption in the cleaning process; h On atrial to promote soilfree membrane filtration technology to reduce the consumption of nonrenewable resources such as minerals; h Explore and study new equipment and technology for saccharification heating to improve heating efficiency. d d de de d d d f d d e e f d de f d f d d j h d PUd i h di h CIP di h d i h d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 77 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group promotes the transformation of equipment to reduce carbon emissions and steadily phased out highemission equipment. By conducting throughout investigation on the energy consumption level of existing equipment in production plants, the Group vigorously promote the replacement of energyintensive equipment such as boilers, motors, fans and transformers in plants. Besides, the Group implements strict access criteria on newly purchased equipment that is of high energy consumption to achieve upgrade. In addition, the Group is gradually moving towards intelligent manufacturing, accelerating the intelligent upgrading of equipment in plants such as equipment upgrading, automation upgrading, data collection and analysis, and centralized monitoring system. The Group plans to complete MDCS (Manufacturing Data Collection & Status Management) in all production plants by 2025 to promote automation and information integration, to integrate existing resources and to reduce carbon emissions. In 2022, the Group started building Green Plant to promote the application of green and lowcarbon technologies and facilitated company's green and lowcarbon transformation and upgrading. The Group's four plants in Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Qiannan and Xindu won the provincial Green Plant title in 2022, among them, Wuhan Plant was awarded the national Green Plant title. Green and Lowcarbon Supply Chain The Group encourages suppliers to produce in a green way and to optimize their energy structure. In 2022, the Group successfully promoted its hop suppliers to upgrade coalfired boilers to gasfired boilers, reducing their coal consumption. The Group also encourages green logistics by establishing a CRSB Supply Chain Digital Sharing Platform. The Group aims at forming an ecological circle of CRSB supply chain by building a comprehensive management model of logistics and warehousing with thirdparty manufacturers participated. Besides, the Group actively promotes the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in longdistance freight transportation to reduce the proportion of trucks used in longdistance transportation. d f dee e d d f d dee e d MDCS de d d f d d d fee e 4 d f d f d d f d d d fed f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 78 In addition, the Group is promoting carbon emission compliance as an extracredit item for the introduction of new suppliers, which would gradually transition toa standard item, allowing the Group to give priority to work with suppliers of lowcarbon and environmentalfriendly advantages. The Group will continue to assist its core suppliers to establish a carbon emission accounting mechanism and to promote its major suppliers to prepare ESG reports. Optimize Energy Structure The Group has completely phased out the use of coalfired boilers since 2021, fully achieving zero coal consumption. Some production plants are equipped with dual thermal supply systems with outsourced steam pipelines and natural gas boiler, which allows the plant flexibility in adjusting energy structure from the perspective of stable energy consumption and cost control. On this basis, the Group is committed to reducing the use of nonrenewable natural resources such as gasoline, diesel and natural gas, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy used. In 2022, the Group made successful achievements as below h The reform of companyowned vehicles has been completed. Gasoline consumption decreased by 27. 1 year on year thanks to the reducing vehicles owned and used. h The use of electric forklifts in place of diesel forklifts that 6 regions, including Henan, Gansu, Qinghai, Tibet, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Anhui, and Shanxi and Shanxi, has realized the full use of electric forklifts to replace diesel forklifts. Diesel consumption decreased by 28. 2 yearonyear with the number of diesel forklifts used in plants decreased. h The number of plants using natural gas decreased from 38 in the same period last year to 29. Natural gas consumption decreased by 16. 5 year on year with more purchased steam used. d d d f d ESG f d d f d f dee de f d j h j d 27. 1 i h dee e e 6 d d 28. 2 i h d 38 29 d 16. 5 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 79 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Energy consumption of the Group in the past two years are setout as follows Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change 1, 000 1, 804, 685 1, 886, 663 -4. 3 Total Energy Consumption 1, 000 k Wh - 1, 000 410, 293 494, 123 -17. 0 Direct Energy Consumption Nonrenewable energy sources 1, 000 k Wh - 1, 000 7, 318 4, 594 59. 3 Direct Energy Consumption Renewable energy sources 1, 000 k Wh - 1, 000 565, 551 563, 794 0. 3 Indirect Energy Consumption Electricity purchased 1, 000 k Wh - 1, 000 821, 523 824, 152 -0. 3 Indirect Energy Consumption Imported steam 1, 000 k Wh 1, 000 0. 1584 0. 1680 -5. 7 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1, 000 k Wh kilolitre output Same item of consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit has been listed as on page 67 but presented in the unit of 1, 000 k Wh. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. j 67 d 1, 000 f d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 80 Renewable Energy Since 2014, the Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. The project team of Research on the Optimization of Sewage Anaerobic Biogas Steam Production System was established to further improve the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield, promote good practice experience and practices, improve the biogas yield of each production plant, and gradually increase the proportion of renewable energy used by the Group. In 2022, 32 plants of the Group were equipped with biogas boilers, converting approximately 130, 048 tonnes of steam for energy use in plants and saving approximately RMB 34. 96 million in cost of purchasing external steam. The Group steadily promotes photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects, increasing the amount of photovoltaic power generation and electricity consumption actively. The Group has launched its first pilot photovoltaic power generation project in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang since 2019, and has expanded to another plant, the Guangzhou Plant, in 2022. Together two plants are of a total installed capacity of 7 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 7. 32 million k Wh during the year. The Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants tobe built aswell as plants in operation. Two photovoltaic power generation projects are expected to carry out in Bengbu Plant and Nanjing Plant in 2023 with 5 more plants under planning, in a hope to increase the proportion of renewable energy usage in the future. In addition, the Group continues to coordinate the procurement of green electricity, making use of renewable energy according to local conditions. The Group is promoting mediumtolongterm strategic procurement of green power such as wind power, hydropower, solar power, and nuclear power in an orderly manner, with timely adjustment of the proportion of procurement according to changes in local ongrid electricity prices. Taking the Shenyang Plant as an example, which has participated in the market transactions with local electricity company, the wind power used by Shenyang Plant accounts for 5 of its electricity transaction. That is, Shenyang Plant used 1. 79 million k Wh of electricity from renewable energy, accounting for around 1. 29 of its total electricity consumption for beer production. d d f d d d d f d 32 d 130, 048 d 3, 496 f d f d d 7 d 732 f d d 5 d f d d fee e d f d 5 d 179 d 1. 29 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 81 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportGHG Emission Management The Group formulated the Carbon Emission Accounting Method to improve the compliance of carbon emission accounting, providing fundamental support to the implementation of the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan and fulfilling corporate social responsibilities. This method stipulates that the carbon emission calculation scope of the Group is the carbon dioxide and methane emission during the production process of each company branch of China Resources Snow Beer, as shown in the picture below Wort f iltration Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from production processes Emissions from fuel burning Milling Proteolysis Sacchari f ication Starch excipients Milling Gelatinization Gelatinated starch Carbon dioxide Yeast Hops Carbon dioxide Corporate boundaries Maturation Filtration Fermentation Wort boiling Wort separation Wort cooling Packaging container cleaning Sterilization Filling Cartonning Waste yeast Condensing solid waste Malt Filter tank cleaning d d f d j The diagram of the carbon emissions during beer production process
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 82 From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The expansion of data scope reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate measures. Total greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows Subjects Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change Total greenhouse gas emission 1 1, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent 202 228 -11. 3 (Scope 1) 2 648 703 -7. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 850 932 -8. 8 (Scope 1 2) Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit 1 Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 018 0. 020 -12. 4 (Scope 1) 2 0. 057 0. 063 -9. 0 (Scope 2) 1 2 0. 075 0. 083 -9. 8 (Scope 1 2) The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal Carbon Emission Accounting Method of CRSB. To enhance accuracy, the calculation method has been updated in 2022 with reference to the Notice on the Management of Greenhouse Gas Emission Reporting of Enterprises in the Power Generation Industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial), and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG data of 2021 have been restated in accordance with the calculation method consistent with 2022. d f d d d f j f d d 2023 2025 e e e f f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 83 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group decreased by approximately 8. 8 yearonyear in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the Group's vigorous promotion for emission and carbon reduction initiatives in each link of the value chain inactive response to the national call. Judging from total GHG emissions intensity per unit of product (Scope 1 2), we have achieved a 9. 9 yearonyear decrease, thanks to the increasing use of renewable energy on the basis of the complete elimination of coal combustion. In 2022, the Group carried out a pilot project in Sichuan and managed to reduce carbon emission by breaking down indicators. By analyzing the source of carbon emissions and carbon footprint, various effective measures have been taken, including increasing the anaerobic removal rate, increasing biogas recycling, reducing outsourced steam, replacing dieselpowered forklifts to electricpowered forklifts, increasing carbon dioxide recovery rate, and carrying out heat recycling lean projects, etc. Pilot project is of satisfactory results as follows h Carbon emissions per unit decreased by 12 compared to 2020; h The amount of recycled biogas exceeded 1. 79 million cubic meters, representing an increase of 65 over 2020, reducing carbon emissions by about 37, 518 tonnes; h The amount of steam generated from biogas boilers was 9, 841 tonnes, representing an increase of 106 over 2020, reducing carbon emissions by about 2, 929 tonnes. Flue Gas Emission Management In respect of atmospheric pollutant emissions, the Group has phased out coalfired boilers in all plants, achieving zero coal consumption in 2022. In addition, the Group is improving the efficiency of biogas recovery and utilization, increasing the proportion of renewable energy used, and reducing the consumption of fossil energy such as natural gas. In 2022, the natural gas consumed by the Group decreased by 16. 5 yearonyear, and the lower sulphur content of natural gas purchased by certain plants contributed to a decrease of 30. 1 yearonyear in sulphur dioxide emissions. In addition, the Group has implemented lownitrogen combustion conversion for gasfired boilers in recent years. As lownitrogen combustion conversion was carried out in several plants in Henan, Sichuan and Hunan, the nitrogen oxide (NO x) emissions decreased by 21. 0 yearonyear. d 1 2 8. 8 d d f 1 2 d 9. 8 d d f d d f d d e e e e e d j h 2020 12 i h 179 d 2020 65 d 37, 518 i h 9, 841 d 2020 106 d 2, 929 f d d f d d d f d 16. 5 d d 30. 1 f d deed (NO x) 21. 0 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 84 Flue gas emission data in past two years are set out as follows Type of air emissions Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change SO 2 9 13 -30. 1 Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) Tonnes NOx 67 84 -21. 0 Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes Mainly generated from burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Looking ahead, the Group will continue optimization of energy structure and increase the proportion of clean energy use, especially the use of renewable energy. The Group will continue to improve the efficiency of biogas recovery and utilization, implement photovoltaic power generation in more plants, and explore the use of other renewable energy sources. According to the targets setout in the 14 th Five Year Plan for EHS management of the Group, in terms of lowcarbon operation, the Group strives to achieve lowcarbon operations by reducing the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions and emission intensity by 9. 7 and 10. 7 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. In terms of reducing air emissions, the Group strives to lower down SO 2 and NOX by 13. 0 and 14. 5 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. Currently, the progress of achieving such targets is on schedule. j f d d f d d d f d d f EHS d d 9. 7 10. 7 id (SO 2) (NOX) 13. 0 14. 5 d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 85 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF CLIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has longterm and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on the business operations. The Group conducted researches for the life cycle of beer's carbon footprint and pilot verifications from 2016 to 2017, and also compared to those of international peers. By referring to the results of such researches, verifications and comparisons, we implemented carbon reduction measures in terms of product structure, energy structure, and raw material structure. For instance, we found out that the carbon footprint of glass bottle products of the same capacity was 80 higher than that of aluminium cans, so we gradually adjusted the product structure by gradually increasing the proportion of aluminium cans, and reducing the use of glass bottles, enhance the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the carbon impact of packaging materials. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reusable materials. In 2022, the use of glass bottles decreased by 4. 0 yearonyear, while the use of aluminium cans increased by 40. 8 yearonyear. Approximately 75 of the glass bottles used were recycled from the market. d d f d f d e e f d 80 d d d d f d de d f 4. 0 d 40. 8 f d 75 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 86 In 2022, the Group established the working group to issue the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan, clarifying the carbon reduction tasks, quantitative indicators and implementation approaches of each functional department. The Group strives to achieve green transformation and highquality development by taking actions include h Reviewing the energy structure constantly, accelerating the replacement of nonrenewable resources and steadily increasing the use of renewable energy. h Adjusting the scale structure of production capacity and accelerating the process of scaleup and intensification of production capacity. h Promoting the technology upgrade and lowcarbon equipment to reduce carbon emissions in the operation and production process. h Building digital plants and promoting smart manufacturing comprehensively. h Constructing a green and lowcarbon supply chain and promoting industrial lowcarbon collaborative demonstration. h Promoting circularity and coordinated reduction of pollution and carbon emission. Impact of Significant Climate Change on Business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chain such as the import of raw materials. Given this situation, the Procurement Department of the Group continuously conducted monitoring and risk assessment on extreme weathers. Once extreme weathers such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. To safeguard the stability of future operation and supply, the Group ensures supply sources of raw materials from various places, with a view to avoiding excessively depending on the suppliers in a single area and further improving the tenacity of supply chain for responding to climate change. d d de de d j h d d f h d e f h d d f h d f h d f h d f d d f d f e d d d f d f d d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 87 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report On the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. To protect water resources toa maximum extent, the Group took active actions in all plants, especially the plants located in waterscarce areas, such as reducing the usage of underground water and increasing the usage of recycled water, optimizing, upgrading and modifying beer brewing processes, for the purpose of reducing water consumption during production process year by year. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to consider climate change issues as its focus in site selection process for factory and optimization of its production efficiency and include local water shortage in its assessment. The Group is actively considering and comprehensively analyzing, in a scientific way, the actual impacts of climate change which will be caused on the industry and the Group'sown future development. This action will help strengthen the management and control of the Group on climate change risks, and develop longterm, mediumterm and shortterm strategies to cope with climate change. At the same time, in line with China's 14 th Five Year Plan vision, we will formulate our plan of further reducing carbon emissions and saving resources used in our production process, taking into account the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the regulatory authorities. The Group will continue to actively implement the clean energy project, reduce the carbon footprint in whole life cycle of products, aiming at providing quality and lowcarbon products and services to consumers. (IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerning the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. To strengthen water resources management, the Group formulated 17 management indicators, including reverse osmosis sewage rate, condensate water recycling rate, water recycling rate and reuse rate according to national standards, and included them for unified supervision and calculation. d d f d d d d d d f d d f f de f d d f d d f f d f d 17 dee e d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 88 Water Resources Management To reduce the impacts of newlybuilt plants on surrounding ecological environment and water sources, the Group formulated the Production Plant Design Specifications, which required that there shall be no polluting operations and land pollution with heavy metal and radioactive substances in the area within 2 kilometers distance from all plants under the Group, with stringent monitoring on the water quality of surrounding sources, ensuring zero pollution, low energy consumption and clean production in the Group's production. The Group paid great attention to water resources management during the process of operation in waterscarce areas to avoid excessive extraction of local water resources. In 2022, the Group has identified more precisely 10 provinces, cities and autonomous regions in the PRC that are experiencing water scarcity by making reference to the China Water Resources Bulletin 2021 published by Ministry of Water Resources of the People's Republic of China, the seventh National Population Census issued by National Bureau of Statistics, and the definitions of the World Water Forum. According to the new definition, the Group currently operates 20 plants in waterscarce areas. In recent years, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in waterscarce areas and improved the water consumption efficiency of operating plants in these areas. In 2022, the Group has shut down two inefficient plants located in waterscarce areas, namely Tieling Plant and Fuxin Plant. The water consumption intensity per unit of the Group's operating plants in waterscarce areas was 2. 69 cubic metres per kilolitre output, which was lower than the Group's overall average water consumption intensity and was outstanding in the beer industry. d d e d dee f d f d d d d 10 e e f d 20 f d f d d 2. 69 d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 89 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy saving technology and applied relevant technology into all operating plants to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include h Lean production to reduce the frequency of CIP cleaning; h Transformation of Water thermal balance for major waterconsuming equipment used in the packaging process (i. e. bottle washing machine, sterilizer); h Recycling steam in the saccharification process; h Air cooling in winter in the north to reduce cooling water consumption; h Utilizing condensed water for heat exchange of packaging machines, etc. In addition, the Group uses reclaimed water after sewage treatment as the flushing water of the sludge filter press, uses concentrated water from deoxygenated water preparation as sanitary water, and recycle water in the production process of the enterprise such as the cooling water, RO concentrated water and steam condensed water to reduce the waste of water resources. d d f j h d CIP i hei hi h di h f d d de ROe e d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 90 Through the aforesaid water saving technologies and processes, the total water consumption of the Group decreased from 38, 781 thousand cubic metres in 2016 to 30, 923 thousand cubic metres in 2022; the water consumption intensity per unit decreased from 3. 25 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2016 to 2. 72 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2022, which is leading among the domestic industry peers and comparable to the international peers. In 2022, the Group's total output increased by 1. 3 yearonyear, but the amount of water consumption only increased by 0. 3 yearonyear, and the water consumption intensity per unit decreased by 1. 0 yearonyear. The water consumption data of the Group in 2022 and 2021 is set out as follows Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change 30, 923 30, 837 0. 3 Water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 11, 385, 064 11, 241, 993 1. 3 Total output ( beer output beverage output)Kilolitre 2. 72 2. 74 -1. 0 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output In 2022, the Group started the construction of watersaving plants, encouraging qualified plants to setup advanced models and improving the efficiency of industrial water use. By the end of 2022, 4 plants of the Group in Hebei, Changzhou, Chaoyang and Zhengzhou have won the title of provincial watersaving enterprise, and 2 plants in Qiannan and Qiandongnan have won the title of provincial watersaving benchmark enterprise. In March 2023, Wuhan Plant was awarded the title of National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, the highest watersaving honour in China. d 38, 781 30, 923 i 3. 25 2. 72 d d f d 1. 3 d 0. 3 d 1. 0 f j d d d f dee e 4 de 2 f d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 91 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 15 million cubic metres in 2016 (representing approximately 41 of the total water consumption) to 3. 973 million cubic metres in 2022 (representing approximately 12. 8 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 57. 8 million cubic metres. In 2022, the Group's underground water consumption intensity per unit was 0. 35 cubic meters per kilolitre output. Unit 2022 of water withdrawal 30, 923 100 Water withdrawal 1, 000 cubic metres 3, 973 12. 8 Water withdrawal from underground water 1, 000 cubic metres 26, 950 87. 2 Water withdrawal from municipal water plants 1, 000 cubic metres Sewage Discharge Management In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complies with the national or local sewage discharge standards, with all plants equipped with sewage treatment systems. The Group also formulates the internal control index incompliance with regulations and requirements, effectively controlling sewage discharge risks. Devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at all plants, which are connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for realtime data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. In 2022, the Group organized and carried out special inspections on water pollutant discharge standards, and regional companies established a special inspection working group headed by the regional EHS vice president to organize and carry out special inspections in the region, with a total of 703 problems inspected. 1, 500 41 3, 973 12. 8 d 5, 780 f d 0. 35 f d d d d f (COD) e e e d d pH d f d d EHS d d 703 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 92 The Group regards the environmental performance of operating plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, the Group continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. As of the end of 2022, CR Beer had only 2 plants that discharged its sewage into natural waters. During the period under review, only 1. 2 of the sewage was discharged to natural water after preliminary treatment by the plants, and the remaining 98. 8 was discharged to municipal sewers such as municipal pipe networks. Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change 18, 901, 871 19, 149, 308 -1. 3 Total amount of sewage discharge Tonnes 18, 673, 132 18, 658, 818 0. 1 Amount of sewage discharged into municipal sewers Tonnes 228, 739 490, 490 -53. 4 Amount of sewage discharged into natural waters Tonnes In 2022, the Group's sewage discharged into natural water dropped significantly by 53. 4 yearonyear. Benefitted from this, the amount of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and ammonia nitrogen emissions of the Group being discharged into natural waters recorded a yearonyear decrease of 79. 0 and 85. 9, respectively. did d d f d 2 f d 1. 2 d 98. 8 f d 53. 4 f d (COD) 79. 0 85. 9 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 93 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Emission type Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear Change (COD) 892 879 1. 5 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) Tonnes 886 851 4. 1 COD (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 6 28 -79. 0 COD (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 90 92 -2. 5 Total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonnes 89. 9 90. 9 -1. 0 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers)Tonnes 0. 2 1. 6 -85. 9 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters)Tonnes Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Resourceful Utilization of Beer Waste Water At the end of 2020, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly issued the amendment to the Pollutant Emission Standards for Beer Industry (GB 198212005), allowing beer manufacturers and downstream sewage treatment facilities to jointly agree on the concentration limit of water pollutant discharge by signing a legally valid written contract, and be no longer subject to the standard for wastewater discharge, so as to realize the direct resource utilization of beer wastewater. Although the concentration of organic matter in beer wastewater is very high, the beer wastewater is biochemically good and does not contain toxic and harmful substances. Therefore, the beer wastewater as a liquid nutrient solution can be added to urban sewage treatment facilities as extra carbon source, which not only reduces the cost of sewage treatment facilities, but also saves sewage treatment costs for breweries. d d f d GB 198212005 d d d d f d d d d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 94 The Group actively promoted the resourceful utilization of beer waste water by applying negotiated discharging limit. As of the end of 2022, 9 operating plants in Suzhou, Changzhou, Binzhou, Mianyang, Yichang, Qinhuangdao, Liaocheng, Xindu and Neijiang had implemented negotiated discharging limit. At the same time, in order to regulate the risk brought by the implementation of negotiated discharging limit, the Group had formulated the CRSB Guidelines for the Implementation of Sewage Negotiated Discharging Limit, which standardizes the operation requirements and precautions in the execution process before, during, and after the implementation of Negotiated Discharging Limit. In particular, it focuses on the requirements for the evaluation of all indicators of sewage, the change of the total amount limit, and the evaluation of economic benefits. The Group has been promoting public awareness of the utilization value of beer wastewater. In 2022, the China Environment magazine published a report entitled the Beer Wastewater Discharge to the Sewage Treatment Plant as a Carbon Source - Sewage Plant in Liaocheng Economic Development District Drinks Beer Nutrient Solution, which tells the story of the Group's Liaocheng Plant carried out a cooperation project of beer waste water utilization and turned beer wastewater into treasure, achieving a winwin situation of enterprise wastewater resource utilization and carbon emission reduction. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to focus on water resources management. By sorting out the beer production process steps, improving water efficiency, increasing water recycling, strengthening watersaving renovations, the Group strives to achieve industryleading in terms of water consumption performance. In terms of longterm treatment of water pollution, the Group has formulated a Threeyear Action Plan for Sewage Treatment, with a focus on improving sewage treatment system management and sewage online monitoring capabilities. The Group shall strengthen work in various aspects such as equipment and facility configuration, sewage operation control, operators skill and required training, and response to abnormal discharge. In addition, the Group will continue to study the comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater, turning waste into treasure and recycling resources effectively. When considering relocation and building new plants, in addition to assessing whether the water quality indicators meet the production requirements, the Group shall pay more attention to the impact assessment of factory site selection, and the influence made by the construction to the surrounding ecological environment. d f e e e e e e e e 9 f d d d e e de f f d d f d d d d d d f d d de e e f d d f de d de f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 95 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(V) PACKAGING MATERIAL AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the resources used in areas such as packaging design, production, logistics and retailing. The waste generated during the Group's operation mainly includes distiller's grains and waste yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, aluminum cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, the Group have formulated a series of management regulations such as the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB and the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB. Promote Green Package On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been striving to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows Aluminum Cans 0. 265 0. 260 f The thickness of aluminum cans reduced from 0. 265 mm to 0. 260 mm. Cartons e i Use lowgram, highstrength base paper; d 215 200 i Promote preprinted cartons to replace offset cartons, decreasing the weight of carton from 215 grams to 200 grams; 37 82 f The proportion of the use of preprinted cartons increases from 37 in the previous period to 82. Pallets e f All wooden pallets andiron pallets have been replaced by plastic pallets. Glass Bottles d d f Develop a glass recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast. d f Research and development on light glass bottle to reduce weight, energy consumption and carbon emission. dee fe dee f d d f d d d d j
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 96 In 2022, the Group continued to combine the concept of green development into practice by pushing forwards multiple projects such as green highperformance PET beer packaging, research and development of lightweight beer bottles, and strategic cooperation for cans. CRH s benchmark Innovation Consortium Project of Green Highperformance PET Beer Packaging Material has also officially signed and put into operation. CRSB and China Resources Chemical Innovative Materials Co., Ltd. closely cooperate with each other in R&Dand application of PET beer packaging materials in the future. At the same time, the Group cooperated with a number of glass bottle suppliers to carry out the R&Dand application of Heineken lightweight beer bottles with the narrow neck press & blow technology, which shall reduce the weight of different bottle types by 0 to 5 when ensuring quality and performance. The data on the Group's consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are setout as follows Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear change 6, 182 6, 436 -4. 0 Glass Bottle 1, 000 tonnes 160 114 40. 8 Aluminum Can 1, 000 tonnes 342 326 4. 9 Carton 1, 000 tonnes 14 12 13. 0 Plastic Film 1, 000 tonnes Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, the Group increases the recycling of glass bottles and reuse them after cleaning and disinfection. Approximately 75 of the glass bottles used by the Group in 2022 were recycled and approximately 25 were newly purchased. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. d d PETe e f PET d PET f d d d 0 5 f j d d f d d 75 d 25 f d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 97 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and green packaging procurement accounted for 39. The glass bottles are reusable materials that the Group cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, and the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group's strategic promotion of highquality product, the Group focuses on building a recycling glass bottle system along the supply chain making full use of recyclable beer bottles in compliance with regulations. By increasing the recycling efficiency and circulation value of glass bottles, reducing quality decay during circulation, the Group can reduce material and energy waste. In addition, the Group conducts quality control on all incoming packaging materials and returns or destroys packaging materials that fail topass internal quality control. All discarded cans, glass slags and waste cartons from the production process shall be 100 recycled and treated, which could be put back to use later, achieving zero waste in the production process. The Group is actively adjusting the structure of product package and production capacity to lower its carbon emission. By phasing out production lines of beer in glass bottles with outdated technology and high energy consumption, while adding more production lines of beer in cans with advanced technology and energy consumption reaching the international advanced level, the Group shall gradually increase the proportion of product in cans and reduce the use of glass bottles which is of higher carbon footprint. de d 39 f d f d d d d d d d f d d f e 100 d d f d fe de d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 98 The Group has set the following targets in terms of the green procurement and recycling of packaging materials Objectives of the Group Progress in 2022 d 100 f In or before 2025, the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging shall reach 100. 39 f The procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging reached about 39. d 40 f In or before 2025, 40 of products shall use reusable packaging. 30 f 30 of products used reusable packaging. d 5 f In or before 2025, the weight of all bottles shall reduce by 5. 0 5 f The weight of different bottles reduced by 0 to 5 respectively. The Group also actively encourages suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, the Group requires upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. In 2022, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group's imported malt using individual packaging continued to decrease from approximately 46 in 2021 to approximately 40, saving a total of about 7. 24 million packaging bags. The Group also strengthen environmental protection cooperation with upstream material in terms of packaging. In 2022, the Group successfully suppliers to pushed label suppliers to develop biodegradable crystal labels, replace environmentally friendly inks, and purchase labels that use inkresident aluminized paper. Meantime, the Group aswell promoted carton suppliers to develop nonwoven handles, reduce the use of plastic handles, develop semipallet cartons, and reduce the consumption of raw paper and other materials. j d d f d 46 40 d 724 f f d d d f d d d d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 99 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Solid Waste and Hazardous Waste Management The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14 th Five Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2022, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group was slightly increased to 99. 6. The relevant data is as follows Unit 2022 2021 Yearonyear change 1, 525. 2 1, 521. 6 0. 2 General solid waste production 1, 000 tonnes 1, 519. 8 1, 513. 0 0. 4 Integrated use of solid waste utilization 1, 000 tonnes 99. 6 99. 4 0. 2 pct General solid waste integrated utilization rate There is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group's production process. The Group generated approximately 228. 7 tonnes (2021 280. 4 tonnes) of hazardous waste in 2022, all of which were entrusted to external professional agencies for harmless treatment and disposal inaccordance with relevant national requirements. The Group continues to promote environmental protection and recycling to reuse the waste generated in brewing process. In 2022, the recycle rate of dried distiller's grains and dried waste yeasts remained stable at 100. Recycling not only reduces the generation of wastes but also creates an economic value of approximately RMB 440 million for the Group, of which the recycled distiller's grains and waste yeast contribute revenue of RMB 339 million and RMB 101 million respectively. According to the targets setout in the 14 th Five Year Plan for EHS management of the Group, the Group strives to achieve 100 recycle rate of dried distiller's grain and dried waste yeast. d d 98. 0 f d 99. 6 d f j f 228. 7 j 280. 4 d f d f d 100 f d 4. 4 d d 3. 39 1. 01 f EHS d 100 f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 100 The data on the Group's recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows 2022 2021 Type of recyclable waste Unit Output Recycling rate Output Recycling rate 191 100 185 100 Dried distiller's grains 1, 000 tonnes 17 100 16 100 Dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tonnes Proper Disposal of Wastes The Group implements whole process standardized management on hazardous waste and solid waste with a green operation model covering entire process from procurement to sale, following the principles of reduction, resourcefulness, and harmlessness. In 2022, the Group formulated the Hazardous Waste Transportation Policy and revised the Solid Waste Management System to stipulates the management requirements for the identification, collection, storage, utilization, and disposal of solid waste such as general industrial solid waste, hazardous waste, domestic waste, and construction waste. The Group requires all units to entrust hazardous waste to qualified units for disposal, so as to ensure that the process of transferring hazardous waste meets the requirements of national standards. The Group also requires all units to take relevant measures to prevent proliferation, loss and leakage, and shall not allow to dump, pile, discard or scatter hazardous waste without authorization, so as to prevent or reduce the pollution of hazardous waste to the environment. What'smore, the Group requires all units to also carry out regular inspections of the actual transportation, treatment, and disposal process of hazardous waste contractors. j e e d d d f d d d e e e e e e e f d d de de e e d f de f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 101 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group implements the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes should be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, the Group can meet with the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling distiller's grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. The Group also encourages the vendors to install drying equipment, so that distiller's grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried temporarily to prevent pollution of the environment. (VI) EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group actively carries out series of events at all levels within the Group. For example, all plant organize environmental protection publicity and education events such as 5 th June Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Lowcarbon Day on yearly basis. In 2022, the Group also organized environmental protection education activities such as the Great Protection of the Yangtze River themed event and the Building a Clean and Beautiful World Together volunteering project. Besides, all plant from time to time shall organize trainings in special environmental inspections, environmental monitoring management measures and systems, environmental risk identification and filling process, environmental inspection, etc. d d dee e e e de f did d d f d fe f de f d EHS e e f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 102 CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life. The Group is committed to becoming industry benchmark in every aspect, including technological progress, product quality, brand building, management innovation so to lead the industry development. Overall, the Group hopes to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to support our employees career development, to empower our cooperative partners and to bring long term returns to our shareholders. The Group targets to bring green and harmonious development to the environment and the society, with a view to motivate and fulfill people's pursuit of better life. (I) DEDICATION TO SOCIAL WELFARE AND FIGHTING THE PANDEMIC The Group has been enthusiastic about public welfare and actively participated in environmental protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion, fight against the pandemic, rural revitalization, etc., to send a message of love and create a great good. The Group continued to follow up 382 key indicators on social responsibility, of which 24 key indicators were for community caring, and encouraged each unit of the Group to carry out community caring actions to improve performance measured by the indicators. In 2022, the Group encouraged units to participate various charity events, with a total of over 1, 880 volunteertimes participated and 5, 110 hours recorded for volunteer events. There are various forms of activities, including Learning from Lei Feng, community cleaning, blood donation, epidemic prevention, Sending coolness in summer, old clothes recycling, etc. In 2022, in addition to the strict implementation of the internal pandemic prevention measurement, the Group also encouraged employees to participate in volunteer activities and actively participated in community pandemic prevention work. For example, after completing Covid 19 nucleic acid PCR test(the PCR test ) for its own staff, Hebei Plant volunteered to undertake the task of assisting 55 rounds of PCR test to 16, 000 staff from 12 companies nearby. Guangdong Regional Company set up volunteer teams to support PCR test in the community to more than 12, 000 people. Xi an Plant donated antiepidemic materials worth RMB 6, 900 to local communities, the Red Cross and police stations. c d dee e d f d d d d d d f d dee de e d d f 382 d 24 d f d d 1, 880 d 5, 110 f d e e e e e f d d d f d 12 d 55 16, 000 f d 12, 000 fee 6, 900 f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 103 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(II) SUPPORTING EMPLOYMENT AND REVITALIZING RURAL AREAS As an influential national beer company, the Group strives to promote local economy and improve the employment of locals to achieve joint community construction. In response to the national policy, the Group launched a series of employment programs under the pressure of the pandemic to help alleviate the local employment problems caused by pandemic and provide impetus to the economic recovery. The Group actively cooperated with local universities and colleges to improve local residents skill set and increase their employment opportunities through academic and employment support, and professional skills training. In 2022, the Group signed technology development or service agreement with Beijing Technology and Business University and Jiangnan University, with a total amount of RMB 300, 000 investment in the industrial, academic and research cooperation. The Group has also carried out campus recruitment, recruiting local fresh graduates and local personnel, which not only promotes the employment of university students and locals, but also attracts talents for the Group's business development. The Group contributes to rural revitalization through measures such as industrial support, employment support, policy support, and financial support. Since 2017, Changdu Plant has sent 4 batches teams (consisting of 8 team mates each) to rural villages to carry out designated assistance work and has been invested a total of RMB 441, 200 in assistance. In 2022, the Group donated RMB 200, 000 through the China Resources Charity Foundation to assist purchase of beer brewing equipment when building a Runlian Restaurant, which helps building the second phase project of China Resources Hope Village in Yaoxi Village, Yiqian Town, Guangchang County, Jiangxi Province as effort in revitalizing rural industries. d d d f d d d f de d f de d 30 f d d d fee e d f 4 8 d 44. 12 f d 20 d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 104 (III) CONTRIBUTED CRSB S POWER TO LEAD INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT The Group demonstrated its highquality development trend by achieving steady growth in its business performance against the high volatility and uncertainty in the market. As at the ending year of the second threeyear period for strategy of achieving success in premiumization, the Group achieved steady growth through internal improvement, empowered the industry by innovation and strived to green development with multimeasures, contributing to the industry and society with CRSB Power for a better future. The Group pioneered in the exploration and discussion of the new world of beer industry, and shared its experience in exploring this field to the new world of consumption in China. As a leader in the fastmoving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, the Group cares about the fate of the industry and strives to inject new vitality into the development of the consumer industry. As an industrial leader, the Group takes an active role in realizing its mission and commitment by cooperating with the China Alcoholic Drinks Association to initiate and organize the joint discussion among the upstream and downstream enterprises along the industrial chain and scientific research institutions, conduct sweet beer series malting characteristic test, publish and implement the threelevel standard of domestic malt, and implement the strategy of highquality and preferential price of domestic malt. By doing so, the Group shall be able to find the solution of the bottleneck crisis of imported malt and revitalize the domestic beer barley industry. The Group has industryleading scientific research capabilities. Following the establishment of CRSB Technology Research Institute, the Group officially launched the 2022 Innovation Workshop to further develop its technology research and development capabilities in the new world and support the Group's business development. The Group hopes to become the actual leader in the research field of FMCG sector in China and lead the technological development in fields of beer and other alcoholic beverages. In 2022, the Group contributed to industry standardization project by actively participating in the formulation and revision of the national standards Beer Analysis Methods (Plan No. 202111060 T-607) and Quality Requirements for Beer Raw Materials - Part 2 Hop Products (Plan No. 20212036 T-607), and the formulation and revision of the international standard of Thinwalled Metal Containers Terms and Classifications Part 2 General Purpose Tanks (ISO AWI 240212). d d d f de d de f d d d f d d f d d de d d d d d f f d 2022 d d d d f d 202111060 T-607 2 j 20212036 T-607 d 2 j ISO AWI 240212 d f
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 105 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report The Group was also outstanding among industrial peers regarding safety production. The EHS Department of the Group published papers of Research on Building an Integrated Enterprise EHS Management System and the Status Quo of Fire Safety Management in Laborintensive Enterprises and Responses on the national journal Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection. The Safety Culture Concept and Practice Innovation About the Quantitative Evaluation on the Inherent Risk of Safety Behavior Norms issued by Heilongjiang and Jilin Regional Company and the Stressing Team Construction and Consolidating Frontline Management Building an Eightin One Team Safety Culture System in Anhui branch of CRSB issued by Anhui Regional Company were awarded the second prize in the 3 rd Outstanding Articles on Enterprise Safety Culture Selection, respectively. Following the pace of the 14 th Five Year Plan - the Development of the Digital Economy, the Group has carried out a number of digital projects in the field of financial data sharing, including the construction of digital platforms such as smart tax system, financial platform for connected transactions, financial closing platform, and fund claim platform, and innovative application of smart operation, active exploration and deployment of digital and intelligent travel reimbursement and settlement methods, vigorous promotion of advanced technology tools such as OCR and RPA to facilitate the steady realization of the digital goal of financial data sharing. On the other hand, it actively introduced and trained digital talents, gradually increased the proportion of financial digital personnel, and formed a professional digital financial team to create sustainable financial digital capabilities. The Group is deeply aware that achieving common prosperity, cocreation and sharing in the New World relies on all parties to jointly maintain industry order, safeguard industrial development, and strive to realize social value. At the second Sustainable Consumption Summit Forum 2022, the Group and other consumer goods enterprises jointly launched a sustainable consumption initiative to advocate the reduction of product packaging and higher utilization of recycled packaging materials in the consumer goods industry, thereby promoting Carbon Reduction Campaign throughout the supply chain. In addition, the Group continued to share its practical experience in sustainable development, and compiled the cases From Reduction of Packaging to Carbon Reduction of Supply Chain and Focusing on Carbon Reduction in the Whole Life Cycle, Building Snow's Double Carbon Action Model, etc., which were well recognized by the industry and contributed model references to the construction of corporate culture in the industry. f EHS EHS f d f d d e e e d de d OCR eRPA d f d d d d f de e d d d f d de d f d d d d d f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 106 L WEN WHITE BEER LAUNCHED THE INITIATIVE OF LEAVE NO TRACE CAMPING d d d d f d d d d d d f L wen White Beer, a brand under the Group, has emerged as an essential beer brand for camping and established an industry model for camping marketing by virtue of its free and unrestrained personality and deeply binding the consumption scenario of exquisite camping and enjoying wild fun. What'smore, L wen White Beer takes the social responsibility, actively exerts brand influence, advocates Leave No Trace Camping to consumers, in order to convey environmental protection concept of camping, advocate civilized camping and make green travel the norm. e e de f(IV) HEALTH, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND CULTURAL PROMOTION Through a series of responsible marketing strategies, the Group undertakes the mission of consumer health, green living and national cultural promotion.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 107 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d APPRECIATING THE NATIONAL ESSENCE OF THE BEAUTY AND TASTING OPERA MASK GENT d d d d d f d 2 dee e d d d f Opera Mask series, a superpremium product series of the Group, is consisted of two types of packaging, Opera Mask Gent and Opera Mask Lady. The overall design is designed to convey the connotation of traditional culture, interpret Chinese elements, release Chinese beauty, and introduce the oriental culture beer brand from China to beer lovers across China and the world. In 2022, Opera Mask series beer, as the chief strategic partner of The Most Beautiful Chinese Opera II ( 2 ), established a connection with Chinese opera, Chinese art, Chinese elements and Chinese culture, helping Chinese cultural inheritance, comprehensively interpreting Chinese aesthetics, and releasing Chinese beauty.
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 108 A TRIBUTE TO CHINA S THOUSANDYEAROLD BREWING CULTURE d d fee e d d d 25 d 12 d d f d ie f d d d f d f At the end of 2022, the Group upgraded and launched the first superpremium product Nong Li with highalcohol by volume and wort concentration on the basis of the superpremium product Li. The raw materials are made of organic millet, organic barley, organic corn and Lanzhou lily, which are highly compatible with the ancient recipe, aswell as modern beer raw materials malt and hops, brewed by a unique brewing process. The original wort concentration reaches 25, while the alcohol content reaches 12. The beer is amber, with aroma of malt, nuts, and oak blooming in layers. The elegant and dignified antique pottery bottle design is inspired by the doubleeared salamander pattern faience vase, a national treasurelevel cultural relic recognized by the State Administration of Cultural Heritage. The red wax seal, which symbolizes a heart of gold, seals China's thousandyearold brewing culture and the spirit of China's alcohol industry in the bottle. With a heart of gold and bright color of Nong Li, the color of the faith of the Chinese ancestors, it pays tribute to China's thousandyearold brewing culture. Nong Li is the pioneering work in superpremium strong beer of CRSB, demonstrating the selfconfidence of China's alcohol industry.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 109 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportVERIFICATION STATEMENT SCOPE AND OBJECTIVE Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency ( HKQAA ) performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability disclosures stated in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 ( The Report ) of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRB ) for the period from 1 st January 2022 to 31 st December 2022. The Report is prepared inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) setout in the Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK), and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI Standards 2021 ) Standards 2021 for the selected GRI Standards. HKQAA s responsibility is to express an assurance conclusion on the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the sustainability data and information stated in the Report. The objectives are to verify the fulfillment in addressing all mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; review the referencing of the selected GRI Standards of the GRI Standards 2021; evaluate the accuracy of the selected data and information presented in the Report; and review the reliability of the data and information management mechanism for preparing the Report. LEVEL OF ASSURANCE AND METHODOLOGY The process applied in this verification was based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our evidence gathering process was designed to obtain a limited level of assurance for devising the verification conclusion. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the ESG Reporting Guide and GRI Standards 2021 (Selected GRI Standards). 2022 e f 2022 1 1 2022 12 31 fee GRI 2021( GRI 2021 GRI f e d j e i GRI 2021 GRI i if 3000 f f de GRI 2021 GRI f
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 110 The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. INDEPENDENCE CRB is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information presented. HKQAA is not involved in the collection and calculation of data or the compilation of the reporting contents where HKQAA s verification activities were entirely independent from CRB. There was no relationship between HKQAA and CRB that would affect the independence of HKQAA for providing the verification service. CONCLUSION Based on the verification procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the information and data stated in the Report has not been prepared, in all material aspects, inaccordance with the ESG Reporting Guide and with reference to the GRI Standards 2021. The data and information provided for verification is considered reliable and accurate. Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Connie Sham Head of Audit March 2023 e d d f f f f d f d de GRI 2021 f d f 2023 3
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 111 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number AA Environmental A 1 Emission General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 303 j eGRI 305 j GRI 306 j GRI 305 j GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste) GRI 305 EmissionsGRI 227 laws and regulations Compliance 122151 A 1. 1 f The types of emissions and respective emissions information. GRI 305 j j 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 3054, 3055 3057 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4, 305 5, 305 7132134, 142143 A 1. 2 1 2 e f Direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 305 j j 305 1, 305 2, 305 3 305 4 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 4132 A 1. 3 e f Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 j GRI 306 Waste 149 A 1. 4 e f Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 j GRI 306 Waste 149150 APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 112 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A 1. 5 f Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 33 j j 33(c), 33(d) 33(e) GRI 305 j GRI 305 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c), 33(d) and 33(e) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions) GRI 305 Emissions 6768, 126134, 138144 A 1. 6 d f Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 33 j j 33(c), 33(d) 33(e) GRI 306 j GRI 306 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c), 33(d) and 33(e) (used together with GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 306 Waste 6768, 145151 A 2 Use of Resources General Disclosure e f Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 301 j d GRI 302 j GRI 303 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, and GRI 303 Water and Effluents)126151 A 2. 1 e e f Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 302 j j 302 1 302 3 GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 3021 and 3023129 A 2. 2 e f Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 303 j GRI 303 Water and Effluents 140 A 2. 3 f Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 33 j GRI 302 j GRI 302 j j 302 4 302 5 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 302 Energy) GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 56768, 126130 A 2. 4 d f Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 33 j GRI 303 j GRI 303 j j 303 3 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 303 Water and Effluents) GRI 303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 365, 137144 A 2. 5 f Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. GRI 301 j j 301 1 GRI 301 Materials Disclosure 301 1146
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 113 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources General Disclosure f Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 301 j d GRI 302 j d GRI 303 j d GRI 304 j d GRI 305 j GRI 306 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste)122151 A 3. 1 f Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 33 j GRI 301 j d GRI 302 j dGRI 303 j dGRI 304 j dGRI 305 j GRI 306 j GRI 303 j j 303 2 GRI 304 j j 304 2 GRI 306 j j 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water and Effluents, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Waste) GRI 303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 2 GRI 304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2 GRI 306 Waste Disclosure 306 3(c) and 306 5122151 A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure f Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 201 j GRI 212 j d GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance) GRI 212 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 126137 A 4. 1 d f Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 201 j j 201 2 GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 126137
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 114 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B B Social B 1 Employment General Disclosure e e e e e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 202 j dGRI 401 j dGRI 405 j GRI 406 j GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c) (used together with GRI 202 Market Presence, GRI 401 Employment, GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity, GRI 406 Nondiscrimination) GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 99108 B 1. 1 e e f Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fulltime or parttime), age group and geographical region. GRI 27 j GRI 405 j j 405 1(bii) GRI 27 Employees GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Disclosure 405 1(bii)103104 B 1. 2 e f Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. GRI 401 j j 401 1(b) GRI 401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)105 B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI 33 j j 33(c) GRI 403 j GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 33(c)(used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety) GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 116121 B 2. 1 f Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI 403 j j 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2117 B 2. 2 f Lost days due to work injury. GRI 403 j j j 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2117 B 2. 3 d f Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 33 j GRI 403 j GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety)116121
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 115 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure f f Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 404 j GRI 404 j j 404 2(a) GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 404 Training and Education) GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 2(a)109115 B 3. 1 e f The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). GRI 404 j j 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1112 B 3. 2 d f The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. GRI 404 j j 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1113 B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 408 j GRI 409 j GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together withGRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 101102 B 4. 1 f Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI 33 j GRI 408 j GRI 409 j GRI 408 j j 408 1(c) GRI 409 j j 409 1(b) GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 408 Child Labour Disclosure 408 1(c) GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour Disclosure 409 1(b)101102 B 4. 2 f Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. GRI 33 j GRI 408 j GRI 409 j GRI 408 j j 408 1(c)GRI 409 j j 409 1(b) GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 408 Child Labour Disclosure 408 1(c)GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour Disclosure 409 1(b)101102
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 116 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure f Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 308 j GRI 414 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment)8892 B 5. 1 f Number of suppliers by geographical region. GRI 26 j e GRI 26 Activities, Value Chains and Other Business Relations 90 B 5. 2 d d f Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 33 j GRI 308 j GRI 414 j GRI 308 j j 308 1 308 2 GRI 414 j j 414 1 414 2 GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308 1 and 308 2 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 28892 B 6 Product responsibility General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 416 j d GRI 417 j GRI 418 j GRI 416 j j 416 2 GRI 417 j j 417 2 417 3 GRI 418 j j 418 1 GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling and GRI 418 Customer Privacy) GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2 GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosure 417 2 and 417 3 GRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1 GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 7378, 8188 B 6. 1 f Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. NA 78
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 117 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OURS HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 6. 2 f Number of products and servicerelated complaints received and how they are dealt with. GRI 225 j GRI 229 j GRI 418 j j 418 1 GRI 225 Procedures to Redress for Negative Impacts GRI 229 Approaches to Stakeholders EngagementGRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 18588 B 6. 3 f Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. NA 7880 B 6. 4 f Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. NA 7379, 8588 B 6. 5 d f Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 33 j GRI 418 j GRI 33 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 418 Customer Privacy)8588 B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 205 j GRI 205 j j 205 3 GRI 227 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption) GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 3 GRI 227 Compliance with laws and regulations 9398 B 7. 1 f Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. GRI 205 j j 205 3 GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 394 B 7. 2 d f Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 2 j 2021 j 2 26 GRI 33 j j 3 3 GRI 205 j GRI 205 j GRI 2 General Disclosure 2021 Disclosure 2 26 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3 (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption) GRI 205 Anticorruption 9398 B 7. 3 f Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 205 j GRI 205 j j 2052 GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption) GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205295
China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 118 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 8 Community investment General Disclosure f Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI 33 j j 3 3(c) GRI 413 j GRI 33 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI 413 Local Communities)8485, 152158 B 8. 1 e e e e e f Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). GRI 203 j j 203 1(a) GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)8485, 152158 B 8. 2 f Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GRI 201 j j 201 1(aii) GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 201 1(aii)8485, 152158
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022 j 2 6 2 3 2301&231 0 j 85223609722 j 85228740280 jwww. crbeer. com. hk jinfo crb. cn Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F., China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel 85223609722 Fax 85228740280 Website www. crbeer. com. hk Email info crb. cn
