2021 2021 Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability Stock Code 00291
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY Adhering to the philosophy of life and health first, green and low carbon development, the Group pursues the management goal of zero pollution, zero defects, zero injuries and zero accidents and continue to improve a valuecreatingoriented environmental, social and governance management system. With the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life, the Group strives to become an industrialleading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. Design, Printing & Production Gen Nex Financial Media Limited www. gennexfm. com ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2021 2021 2021 Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability Stock Code 00291 2 6 2 3 2301&231 0 85223609722 85228740280 www. crbeer. com. hk info crb. cn Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F., China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel 85223609722 Fax 85228740280 Website www. crbeer. com. hk Email info crb. cn
About this report About this Report 2 Foreword Foreword 4 Overview of 2021 sustainable development 6 About Us Overview of the Company 7 Business of the Company 7 Geographical distribution of production bases 9 Relevant major awards and accolades 10 Environmental, Social and Governance SystemESG ESG management structure and the board statement 16 Targets setting and review mechanism 18 Communication with stakeholders 20 Identification of material issues 22 Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices (I) Product health and food safety 25 (II) Product and technological innovation 31 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing 33 (IV) Customer services and protection of privacy 35 (V) Supply chain responsibility management and management of suppliers 37 (VI) Anticorruption and governance of integrity 43 Chapter 2 Care for Staff (I) Equal employment policy and staff remuneration and benefit 46 (II) Talents recruitment and management 48 (III) Staff communication and care 51 (IV) Staff development and training 54 (V) Occupational health and safety production 59 Chapter 3 Environmental Protection (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 63 (II) Carbon neutrality target and flue gas emission management 66 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 70 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 72 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 76 (VI) Promotion and education of environmental protection 80 Chapter 4 Social Responsibility (I) Social Welfare 81 (II) Community communication and engagement 83 (III) Prevention and control of COVID 19 84 APPENDIX Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange 86 CONTENTS
2 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedABOUT THIS REPORT Global Reporting Initiative GRI GRI Materiality The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the Reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The identification process and analysis results in 2021 have been presented in the sections headed Identification of Material Issues and Materiality Matrix and Table, respectively. Quantitative 100 Each department of the Group coordinates to collect and record the key performance data regarding the environment and the society in hope of presenting the Group's performance in the environmental and social key performance indicators ( KPIs ) through quantified data. Part of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In individual cases, the sum of these percentage changes may not be 100. Please refer to the related sections for the relevant measurement standards and methods. Balance The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Consistency Unless stated otherwise, the data disclosed in this Report has been under statistical analysis based on the Group's standardized information collection process and working mechanism, thereby the relevant data statistical approach remains consistent with the assumptions made during preparation of the Report, to ensure yeartoyear comparison of the data. OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the reporting period, FY 2021, or 2021 ). For more information relating to the Group's business and its corporate governance practices, please refer to the Group's 2021 Annual Report. BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and by reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards ). The Report is prepared inaccordance with the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency of the Listing Rules
3 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT THIS REPORT ESG ESG ESG www. crbeer. com. hk 26 23 2301&2310 (852) 2360 9722 (852) 2874 0280 info crb. cn www. crbeer. com. hk ir crb. cnSCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group's headquarters aswell as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2021. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the sixth Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company's commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group's performance on sustainable ESG development in 2021 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. We identify and assess the materiality of the ESG topics related to the Group through regular communication with our major stakeholders, on the basis of which the scope of the Report is defined. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports and financial reports of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. crbeer. com. hk. If there is any inconsistency among these versions, the Traditional Chinese version shall prevail. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. CONTACT Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F, China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel. (852) 2360 9722 Fax (852) 2874 0280 Email info crb. cn Website www. crbeer. com. hk INVESTOR RElATIONS ENQUIRIES Email ir crb. cn
4 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedFOREWORD ESG d ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our cooperative partners and to generate longterm returns to our shareholders. We target to bring green and harmonious development to the environment and the society, and to motivate and fulfill people's pursuit of better life. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrialleading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. lEADING INDUSTRIAl DEVElOPMENT, BREWING A BETTER lIFE The beer industry in China has entered an era of high quality and prosperity. With prosperity and opportunities come challenges. Whether it is the enterprise itself or the entire beer industry, it is necessary to develop competitive advantages in a timely manner to withstand the new challenges posed by the new world of beer. Adhering to the strategy of achieving success in premiumization for the second threeyear period, the Group relied on its unique advantages to actively embrace the new era of beer industry upgrade and category diversification. The Group also established a more robust brand portfolio with both Chinese and international brands, successfully creating a premium key customers platform and further enhancing its costeffectiveness. The Group is wellprepared to win at premium segment during the third threeyear period to become the leader of the new world of beer industry. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of CR Beer is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. Therefore, we pay close attention to and actively respond to the expectations of all stakeholders and strive to build a healthy business ecosystem.
5 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff FOREWORD 382 Consumer needs are becoming increasingly diversified, and we are actively enriching portfolio of brands and providing high quality beer, promoting rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. We have maintained our brand building investment higher than industry level to attract more young consumers by building various beer consumption scenarios with innovative consumption experience, which further enhances the image of our premium beer brands. Employees are the most valuable asset of an enterprise. We care about the physical and mental health aswell as career development of our employees, and strive to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. We emphasize safety production and always adhere to the occupational health and safety management concept of peopleoriented and safe development in pursuit of zero injury and zero accident. The Group is committed to promote the healthy development of China's beer industrial chain that we have been actively empowering upstream suppliers and downstream channel partners. Through strategic actions such as establishing starrated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of beer. We always put environmental responsibility in mind and have established astrict environmental management system with a focus on green production, energy saving and emission reduction. In 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its corporate development strategy to actively respond to the government's carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality policy. As a responsible corporate citizen, we care about the society and are enthusiastic about public welfare. In 2021, the Group continued to track 382 key social responsibility indicators, organized various forms of volunteer service activities, and actively participated in the fight against the epidemic, poverty alleviation, and rural revitalization, etc. We are committed to make our part of contribution to the harmonious development of society and the improvement of social wellbeing. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. Only by doing so can we successfully advance our premiumization strategy, enable the Group to grow into a worldclass beer enterprise, become a corporate citizen widely respected by society, and achieve sustainable development.
6 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES ( SnowMS QFS) FSSC 22000 ISO HACCP 95 The Group established a quality and food safety management system with characteristics of CRSB (short as SnowMS QFS) passed a total of 95 international systems certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. 41. 2 86. 3 The number of complaints received by CRSB regarding products and services decreased largely by 41. 2 compared with last year. Rating of customers' satisfaction in complaints handling process was 86. 3 points. 100 All beer products achieved 100 pass rate in both exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. All products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of Beer. Care for Staff 0. 6 Safety production Injury rate per thousand staff has been less than 0. 06 with zero workrelated fatalities for the two consecutive years. 29. 8 352 Staff training Average online training hours and cost for each fulltime staff are 29. 8 hours and RMB 352, respectively. 35. 4 19. 5 Approximately 354 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided to staff, while approximately 195 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties, respectively. Environmental Protection 0. 0206 3. 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit was 0. 0206 tons of standard coal per kilolitre output, decreased by 3. 1 overlast year. 1 2 0. 083 0. 9 Greenhouse gas emission intensity (scope 1 2) was 0. 083 tons of carbon dioxide (CO 2) equivalent per kilolitre output, decreased by 0. 9 overlast year. 100 Nonhazardous waste recycling 100 recycle rate of dried distiller's grains and dried waste yeasts. 837 459 Adoption of renewable energy approximately 8. 37 million cubic meters of biogas recovered and 4. 59 million kilowatts hours of photovoltaic power generated. 43. 4 27. 8 Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 43. 4 and 27. 8 respectively over last year. 5 2 The number of plants discharging beer sewage into natural waters decreased from 5 to 2 with active promotion of the resource utilisation of brewery waste water. Social Responsibilities 2, 200 A total of 2, 200 hours of staff participation in volunteer events. OVERVIEW OF 2021 SUSTAINABlE DEVElOPMENT
7 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportABOUT US Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff 00291 Heineken 65 18. 2 11. 056 333. 87 6. 2 119. 1 94. 6 45. 87 59. 91 186. 6 27. 8 0. 0 OVERVIEW OF THE COMPANY China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (stock code under The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 00291) is a listed subsidiary of China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRH ), which focuses on the manufacturing, sales and distribution of beer products. China Resources Snow Breweries Limited ( CRSB ) is a whollyowned subsidiary of the Company. In 2019, the Group has completed the transaction and commenced the strategic partnership with the Heineken Group. BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY The Group has been in the beer business in China since 1993, pursuing fine and innovative craft brew with quality as its foundation. In 2021, the Group operated 65 breweries in China with an annual beer production capacity of 18. 2 million kilolitres anda total annual sales volume of 11. 056 million kilolitres. In 2021, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of RMB 33, 387 million, representing a yearonyear increase of 6. 2, while the consolidated profit attributable to the Company's shareholders and earnings before interest and taxation of the Group in 2021 increased yearonyear by 119. 1 and 94. 6 to RMB 4, 587 million and RMB 5, 991 million, respectively. During the year under review, the Group continued the promotion of its premiumization strategy and enrichment of its diversified brand portfolio. In 2021, the sales volume of the subpremium beer segment and above reached approximately 1, 866 thousand kilolitres, representing a yearonyear increase of 27. 8 with a significant improvement in the product mix. Looking ahead, despite the uncertainty associated with the ongoing pandemic, the Group will be wellprepared to actively respond to the pandemic recurrence at certain regions. In response to the rising prices of raw materials and packaging materials, the Group will continue to closely monitor the market dynamics of domestic and foreign raw materials and packaging materials, and replenish stocks reasonably at appropriate times and implement staggered peak procurement to mitigate the pressure of rising prices. The Group will adhere to its strategic management philosophy of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment, planning to launch various new products in 2022, including Snow Draft Pure Malt Beer
8 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited and Heineken 0. 0, to enrich product diversity and address different consumer needs. In addition, in response to the business development of competitors in bars and bistros, the Group will actively explore the expansion of its bistro business and develop new marketing channels for beer products. At the same time, the Group will continue to effectively strengthen the promotion and channel marketing of its domestic and international brands, promote the implementation of business initiatives such as the four standards of talent selection, manufacturing excellence, upgrading informatization, operational reforms and marketing digitization to enhance the Group's competitive position. The Group will also continue to pay attention to the development opportunities for appropriate nonbeer alcoholic beverages in the pursuit of well defined diversified development to explore potential synergies and further expand its business. As a member of CRH, we are dedicated to leading the business progress and building a better life together with our consumers, shareholders, staff and business partners, and make the Group a trusted and beloved beer enterprise.
9 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US 65 Excluding those breweries ceased operation during the year and determined by management tobe closed Province Municipality Number of breweries Sichuan 8 Zhejiang 5 Liaoning 8 Hebei 2 Guangdong 4 Heilongjiang 3 Jiangsu 4 Anhui 5 Hubei 3 Henan 3 Guizhou 3 Shandong 3 Shanghai 1 Province Municipality Number of breweries Jilin 1 Tianjin 1 Shanxi 1 Gansu 1 Inner Mongolia 2 Hunan 2 Ningxia 1 Shaanxi 1 Guangxi 1 Hainan 1 Tibet 1 Total 65 119. 1 118. 5 94. 6 27. 8 Sales volume of subpremium beer segment and above Earnings before interest and taxation Dividend per share Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company GEOGRAPHICAl DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCTION BASES As at 31 December 2021, CR Beer had 65 breweries in operation, the geographic distribution of which is indicated in the following table
10 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project e For environmental, health and safety management Hong Kong Green Awards by Hong Kong Green Council Environmental, Health and Safety Award Gold Green Management Award Silver Green Management Award Silver China Resources Snow Breweries (Heilongjiang) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Si Chuan) Co., Ltd. Suining Branch Green Plant recognized by Development and Reform Commission and Economic and Information Commission in Shanghai China Resources Snow Breweries (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. e e 2020 2020 leading Water Efficient Enterprise recognized by Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Water Resources and General Administration of Market Regulation China Resources Snow Breweries (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Guangdong Province Watersaving Enterprise awarded by Water Supplies Bureau of Guangdong Province Snow Breweries (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. Watersaving Enterprises recognized by Department of Housing and Construction and Development and Reform Commission of Guangdong Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. Watersaving Enterprises recognized by Water Supplies Bureau and Economic and Information Department of Anhui Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Anhui) Co., Ltd. Bengbu Branch Watersaving Enterprises recognized by Economic and Information Department of Zhejiang Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Wenzhou) Co., Ltd. RElEVANT MAJOR AWARDS AND ACCOlADES
11 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project For product quality China Alcoholic Drinks Association Outstanding Contribution Award in Science and Technology Advancement of China Alcoholic Drinks under Special Award for Science and Technology Advancement International Advanced Level CRSB The project Research and Application of Key Technologies for Beer Bottle Design and Quality Assurance under Consumption Upgrade China Quality Association 2021 China Enterprise Brand Innovation Achievement Award 2021 The highest star rating of Five Star Plant QC Professional Level and Improvement Level in Six Sigma Green Belt Recognition and the QC Achievement Presentation Competition The project of Premium Diversified Product Innovation to Lead the Highquality Development of the Beer Industry Longli plant in Guizhou Province TPO Improving the TPO (Total Packaging Oxygen) qualification rate of fresh beer and other improvement projects The Ningbo Fenghua District Quality Award The Ningbo plant in Zhejiang Province The Xiangxi Autonomous Prefecture Governor's Quality Award The Xiangxi plant in Hunan Province
12 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project For social responsibility award The 11 th China Charity Festival Corporate Social Responsibility Industry Model Award CRSB 2021 e The 2021 KNX X Awards Best Practice in Talent Development and Best Employer Award The Outstanding Enterprise in Human Resources Development and Quality Assurance Award by the China Human Resource Development Association The Outstanding Corporate Culture of the Year by the China Corporate Citizenship Forum The Snow Corporate Culture Construction The honorary certification of China Exemplary Enterprise University 20202021 e The 20202021 China Talent Development Elite Award Benchmark Unit and Best learning Project by Training Magazine HRoot 2021 (HRBP) The Best Practice of learning and Development (HRBP) in Greater China 2021 by HRoot CSTD The 6 th China learning Design Competition Gold Award by Chinese Society for Talent Development (CSTD) The CRB Learning and Innovation Centre
13 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project 2021 Golden Goblet Awards of China liquor Industry 2021 by National Business Daily Listed Company with the Best Return on Investment Star Product Snow Draft Beer CR Beer 2, 000 1, 865 Ranked 1865 th among Global 2000 by Forbes CR Beer 500 330 Ranked 330 th among Fortune China 500 by Fortune China CR Beer HKIRA 7 th Investor Relations Awards by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association Overall Best IR Company Awards Large Cap ESG Grand ESG Award Large Cap Best IR Company Large Cap BestIR by CEO Large Cap BestIR by CFO Large Cap BestIR Team Large Cap Best IRO (Investor Relations Officer) Large Cap Best ESG (E) Large Cap Best ESG (S) Large Cap Best ESG (G) Large Cap Best Investor Meeting Large Cap Best Investor Presentation Material Large Cap Best Annual Report Large Cap 5 5 years IR Awards Winning Company Large Cap CR Beer
14 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project 2021 Hong Kong Outstanding listed Enterprises 2021 Outstanding Beer Enterprise Award by Economic Digest magazine CR Beer am 730 2021 listed Company Excellence Awards 2021 by am 730, PR Asia and IFENG HK STOCKS CR Beer 2021 2021 All Asia Executive Team survey by Institutional Investor Most Honored Company (Consumer Staples Sector) Best CEO (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best CFO (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Professional (Second Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Professional (Third Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Team (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best ESG (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Program (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) CR Beer 2021 Asian Excellence Recognition Awards 2021 by Corporate Governance Asia Asia s Best CEO (Investor Relations) Asia s Best CFO (Investor Relations) Best Investor Relations Company Best Environmental Responsibility Best Investor Relations Professional CR Beer
15 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project 2021 e Asian ESG Awards 2021 by Corporate Governance Asia Asia s Icon on Corporate Governance ESG Influencer Asian Corporate Director Recognition Awards CR Beer The 9 th Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award by The Mirror Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award CR Beer IR Magazine 2021 IR Magazine Awards Greater China 2021 by IR Magazine Best Overall Investor Relations (Large Cap) Best Investor Relations Officer (Large Cap) Best in Sector Consumer Staples CR Beer 2021 Asia s Outstanding Companies Poll 2021 by Asiamoney Most Outstanding Company in Hong Kong Consumer Staples Sector CR Beer 2021 TOP 2021 Gold Enterprise Ranking by Snowball TOP Investment Value Ranking CR Beer 2021 TOP 100 2021 list of Chinese listed Companies by Brand Value TOP 100 by National Business Daily and Tsinghua SEM China Business Research Center CR Beer (World Brand lab) 2021 NO. 1 Chinese Brand Annual Award No. 1 in Beer Industry 2021 by World Brand lab CRSB 2021 BrandZ d 28 f Ranked 28 thin the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Chinese Brands 2021 by Kantar CRSB
16 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level the board To monitor the Company's assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue to the Company's business model To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESGrelated targets and indicators The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, we consolidate the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improve our own management standard, strive to provide highquality products to and create value for customers, and promote the corporate sustainable development. Meanwhile, as one of the leading beer enterprises in China, the Group proactively fulfills its corporate social responsibility, makes contribution to various aspects such as social economy, community and environment, and promotes the sustainable development of the society and the state. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding ESG, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group's ESG strategy and the results presented in this report, supervises the Company's annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Group and related risks, and urges the Company to implement relevant ESG policies accurately and continuously. The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, aswell as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The Group has also established an allround mechanism on identification of environmental and social risk, management and control and response based on the objective environment and our own situation, and promoted the corporate sustainable development and carried out its undertakings to various stakeholders through the following four work levels of functional settings, specific duties and responsibilities
17 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities Decisionmaking level the senior management ESG To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG To facilitate topdown ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branches Supervision level e responsible persons from various functional departments and branches To implement resolutions and report working situation to the decisionmaking level ESG To conduct researches on actual tasks according to the overall ESG strategy and direction To assign relevant working groups to implement the tasks To suggest work improvement for the coming year to the decisionmaking level Execution level working groups of various departments and local companies To complete assigned tasks within own functions inaccordance with the direction set by the supervision level To collect, organize and report relevant information on a regular basis To make timely feedback of practical working situation and make recommendations on the implementation of tasks To be responsible for dissemination of internal information
18 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG Apart from requiring the ESG report shall be in compliance with the newly revised terms of the regulator, the Board also suggests the Group to reasonably take into account the expectations of investors towards the ESG report, by considering voluntarily disclosure on the content of the work in respect of social responsibilities and corporate governance aswell as the management targets of emission reduction in response to carbon neutrality, while at the same time strengthening the internal review of ESG information, the review of raw material suppliers in terms of ESG aspects, and the relevant ESGrelated trainings and participation of the directors and senior managements of the Company. The report team has listened to these relevant suggestions and incorporated the related contents into this Report. 2030 2060 EHS ESG 12 EHS ESG ESG ESG TARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the effectiveness of the latest amendments to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in July 2021, the Group has formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into its development strategies. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and the actual business conditions of the Group, we have formulated the Group's EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan. Taking 2020 as the base year, 12 specific targets for ESG management in the next five years has been formulated, which have been reviewed and approved by the Board. The EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the Chief Executive Officer. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board.
19 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM EHS Unit 2025 Targets 2020 Changes in five years 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1 Tons of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 021 -9. 5 Intensity of total water consumption Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 50 2. 69 -7. 1 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions 2 1, 000 tons CO 2 equivalent 825 914 -9. 7 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 2 Tons of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 084 -10. 7 (so 2) Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) Tons 20 23 -13. 0 (no x) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tons 100 117 -14. 5 Recycling rate of dried distiller's grains 100 100 Recycling rate of dried waste yeast 100 100 4 Social (4 items) 3 average training hours for each fulltime staff in full year 3 Hours 36. 1 29. 3 23. 2 3 total training hours for fulltime staff 3 Thousand hours 866 779 11. 2 average training cost for each fulltime staff RMB 426 341 24. 9 number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 Targets set in the Group's EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan are as below
20 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 1. 2. 2012 1 2 3. ESG 1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tons of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People's Republic of China ( PRC ). 2. The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated with reference to the 2012 Baseline Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids and the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial) published by the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs published by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The calculation of GHG scope 1 includes coal, gasoline, diesel and natural gas consumption. The calculation of GHG scope 2 includes externally sourced electricity and heat consumption. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that we have included the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery waste water into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore, GHG data of 2020 presented in this report is also adjusted with the same caliber. 3. The relevant training was carried out through the Group's selfdeveloped Online Learning Platform Snow Breweries Learning and Innovation Center. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOlDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group's business management and development. We have regular communication with stakeholders to understand their opinions on the related ESG issues. Based on our own industry background and the influence scope of the sustainable development, we selectively identified the following stakeholders the government and regulatory authorities, shareholders, consumers, staff, suppliers and partners, industry associations and the community, and understand their expectations towards, and feedback on the Group's sustainable development through the following communication means so as to improve the Group's operation and practices correspondingly.
21 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services
22 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ESG ESG IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAl ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. Incompliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to the sustainable development of CR Beer and Materiality to stakeholders, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS CORPORATE STRATEGIES AND OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS RELEVANT REQUIREMENTS OF DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY STANDARDS AGENDA OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY STAKEHOLDERS ANALYSIS After internal review and consideration of the stability of its own business and operating location, the list of material issues in 2021 outlined the different concerns of stakeholders. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material issue in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring.
23 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM Materiality Matrix and table of all stakeholders 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anticorruptions 13 Environmental compliance 14 Lowcarbon operation 16 Control of hazardous and nonhazardous waste generation 24 Labour standards and labour relations 31 Product and technological innovation 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Supply chain management 5 Antitrust and fair competition 6 Use of more ecofriendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management 8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 Proper use and recycling of resources 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 26 Occupational health and safety 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services 30 Protection of customer privacy 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations 412136 39 40 1211938 37334 35 18724 2 31132 13 14334 1716 30 25 829 26 2019 1027 28 236 225 Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Stakeholders 15 High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality
24 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Investors 41 2136 39403712 119 334 351872619 2421 32 13 143 34 31 1716 30 2520 8 29 1027 28 236 22538 15 ESG ESG Materiality Matrix and table of investors In response to the Board's recommendation to the Group regarding reasonably taking the expectations of investors towards the ESG Report into account, the Group has specifically listed the concerns on ESG issues of investors, under which the material issues are as follow 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anticorruptions 13 Environmental compliance 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 24 Labour standards and labour relations 26 Occupational health and safety 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Management of Suppliers 5 Antitrust and fair competition 6 Use of more ecofriendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 30 Protection of customer privacy 31 Product and technological innovation 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations 8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 14 Lowcarbon operation 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 16 Control of hazardous and nonhazardous waste generation 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 Proper use and recycling of resources 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services
25 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff (GB 14881) (GB 5749) (GB 2760) (GB T 4927) SnowMS QFS EHS FSSC 22000 ISO HACCP 95 54 SnowMS QFS As a member of the food industry, CR Beer deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise's success. We strictly control the safety and quality of food to provide beer products of the best quality in the market to customers. We make innovation actively, protect intellectual property rights, and lead the industry to meet evolving market needs. We encourage consumers to drink in a proper manner to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. (I) PRODUCT HEAlTH AND FOOD SAFETY Over along time, food safety and quality management are at the core of our operation management. The Group observes strict compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of PRC on food safety and quality, including, among others, the Food Safety Law of the PRC and its relevant regulations, the Product Quality Law of the PRC, the Standardization Law of the PRC, the General Hygiene Regulations for Food Production of the National Food Safety Standard (GB 14881), the Sanitary Standards for Drinking Water (GB 5749), the Standards for the Use of Food Additives of the National Food Safety Standard (GB 2760), the Regulations for the Application for Sanitary Work Permit by Manufacturers of Disinfection Products, and the Beer (GB T 4927). systeM aCCreditation and standard setting The Group upholds the quality goal of bean outstanding enterprise to brew the best beer in the world, and maintains the quality philosophy of quality first, consumers as priority, be innovative and pursue excellence and social responsibilities, striving to offer quality products. To propel the connection between the Group and the globe, the Group cooperates with thirdparty professional institutions to establish CRSB featured quality and food safety management system (short as SnowMS QFS). This system abides by CRH s EHS management elements and based on CRSB s past experience of quality management of more than 20 years, integrating with international standards that it has passed a total of 95 international system certifications such as FSSC 22000, ISO and HACCP (2020 54 certifications). In 2021, the SnowMS QFS system has been applied to all plants of the Group in order to realize onestop management and achieve manufacturing excellence.
26 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 133 48 98 23 75 10 105 230 280 The Group has established a comprehensive database of quality and food safety regulations which is updated timely. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmarking against national standards and industry standards intensively. In 2021, the Group has identified a total of 133 regulatory documents and interpreted 48 regulatory documents including the National Food Safety Standard General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Foods. The Group continuously improves the setting of technical quality standards by strengthens various standards and internal control benchmarks to standardize and improve management. The Group has revised 98 documents (23 newly developed documents and 75 revised documents) covering raw material standards, production processes and product during 2021. Besides, more than 10 training sessions for system standards learning and internal auditors with a total of 105 people were qualified as internal auditors, which ensures product safety and quality compliance. Quality Manage Ment on raw Materials To further promote highquality development, we adhere to quality control of the entire supply chain and continues to build a supplier quality extension management work circle at the material supply side to firmly establish the management objective of ensuring good and stable quality on raw material purchased and conduct random inspections and onsite quality check for food safety, and implementing special research projects for quality issues. In 2021, the Group conducted food safety inspections on more than 230 batches of incoming materials such as malt and beer cans, performed onsite quality audits and rectifications on more than 280 suppliers and conducted special research on beer bottle quality, which effectively improved the safety and stability of material quality and provided guarantees for product quality from the source. The Group has formulated the Design Specifications for Production Plants based on the design principles of zero pollution, low energy consumption, and clean production, requiring no polluting enterprises, no pollution of water sources and no land pollution by heavy metals and radioactive substances within two kilometers around the plants. The Group strictly controls the water quality of the water source. The water sources of the Group for production are municipal water supply and selfcollected water. We entrust professional third party agency to monitor allrounded water quality indicators annually, and regularly conducts water quality selfinspection and tasting to ensure product quality and safety, enhance product quality and continue to increase customers satisfaction.
27 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 4 ACCP HACCP QACCP TACCP VACCP 4 ACCP EHS 66 STTS (Snow track and trace system) QR DM Pro Cess Quality Manage Ment During 2021, the Group formulated CRSB technical specifications on hazard analysis and critical control points, 4 ACCP Control Plan, which specifically included 4 elements consisting of HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points), QACCP (Quality Analysis and Critical Control Points), TACCP (Threat Analysis and Critical Control Points) and VACCP (Vulnerability Assessment and Critical Control Points). The Group's 4 ACCP Control Plan standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed during the year to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specification and formulate and execute hazard control plan. The Group also commenced hierarchical management of food safety and risks based on the established EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan to investigate and identify foodborne illness risks which may arise from physical, chemical and microbial contamination involved in all aspects of production and operation. Currently, 66 key control points for food safety production have been established to effectively prevent and resolve food safety risks. In addition, the Group formulated the Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a threetier inspection system comprising selfinspection, mutual inspection and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. In 2021, by implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience on food tracking. The Group has adopted an extended quality management approach to achieve centralized planning at the headquarters, management by regional companies nearby and shared use of consolidated information, such that the three levels of headquarters, regional companies and breweries can cooperate efficiently.
28 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 40 5, 000 1, 500 (SSGLP) (LIMS) ISO 17025 25 68 21 36 5 The Group continued to establish and carry out extended supplier quality management, work process quality assessment, consumer quality assessment, quality system review and other full supply chain supervision systems. The Group implemented the requirements of supervision system to conduct random inspections at the headquarters and selfinspections at each region with regard to the implementation of relevant standards in plants. Despite the impact of the pandemic, the Group managed to implement onsite inspections of 40 plant times and more than 5, 000 inspection items. Furthermore, the Group resolved quality problems by using refined management method with over 1, 500 minor and refined improvement conducted in 2021. In order to maintain quality monitor and control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. The Group launched the construction of Snow Star Good Laboratory Practice (SSGLP) and Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) during 2021 to standardize laboratory management inaccordance with ISO 17025 standard requirements. Snow Star includes 25 quality verification and product return items, which covers the beer production process such as purchasing raw materials and transporting to the factories, process monitoring, output inspection, etc. We have continued to conduct internal and external verification and benchmarking and enhanced laboratory management standard. During 2021, Snow Star verified and benchmarked beer, malt, hops etc., and an accumulated total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 21 supplier laboratories were verified for improvement of inspection and testing capabilities. As of the end of 2021, the Group has a firstclass team of beer tasters in China with a total of 36 nationallevel judges, 5 of which are lifetime honorary judges. In addition, the Group has established a threetier team of beer tasters at headquarters, regional and factory respectively to achieve sensory quality control of the entire production process of raw and auxiliary materials, semifinished products and finished products.
29 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 80 100 (40 ppb) 100 100 With an effort to improve product quality, the Group continued to promote the action of elimination of impure beer and implemented the General Manager Responsibility System in the plant in 2021, in which the general manager of the plant takes the lead to stand at the frontline and effectively monitors the improvement of the bottle quality, bottle cleaning, process control and equipment working conditions, etc. At the same time, the Group continues to improve customer satisfaction by eliminating the production of impurity beer through measures such as stabilizing the quality of bottle wash, synergizing the three major systems, eliminating the use of hemp bags for recycle bottles, improving the quality of bottle sources, and providing product protection. The Group organized a Refined Brewing Process Training for over 80 factory quality managers in 2021, inviting external experts to enrich the theoretical and practical knowledge of quality managers in water treatment, cleaning and disinfection, microbial control, etc. The Group has formed pertinent food safety management regulations such as the Contingency Plan on Food Safety and Management Regulations on Product Recall. The Group has conducted three tier management of the recalled products and put forward different recall requirements for different recall levels. In 2021, all beer products of the Group achieved 100 pass rate in both exfactory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. All products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of Beer. The total oxygen content of the products was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. There was no return of products sold or delivered during the year, and the handling rate of quality related complaints reached 100. The Group did not encounter any significant food safety incident in 2021 and the legitimate interests of consumers had been safeguard by maintaining the bottom line of zero food safety incident. In addition, the Group organized food safety emergency drill across all departments with a 100 implementation rate in each factory. Through onsite drills and videoassisted learning to demonstrate how to handle unexpected food safety incident, all departments promoted the capabilities of coordination, responsibility delegation and emergency response. We increased the food safety awareness of frontline staff and strengthen the way of handling of food safety incident through the drills to safeguard each line of defense, so as to provide consumers with safe, reliable and highquality beer.
30 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited To consistently implement the requirements of preventive and comprehensive disinfection work on imported cold chain food issued by the State Council and effectively prevent the input risks of the pandemic through imported cold chain food, the Group strictly abide by the pandemic prevention requirements of the nation and established and announced Notice in relation to Full Disinfection of Imported Hop and Zymin to fully disinfect particles hop and zymin imported via cold chain and to achieve fullprocess, closedloop and traceable control. SUPPlY CHAIN MANAGEMENT UNDER PANDEMIC 5 CIP To enhance the awareness of quality within all staff and increase quality level and innovation capability, the Group regularly conducted various propaganda trainings, such as We Chat official public accounts sharing, video trainings and onsite events. The Group organized 5 special training and sharing activities, including discussions of production process standards and bottle cleaning quality, sharings of CIP and thorough cleaning experiences, etc., while at the same time produced promotion video titled On the Way to Refined Brewing to record the achievements made by technical and quality control personnel in refined brewing. QUAlITY PROPAGANDA
31 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 10 1, 407 136 (II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOlOGICAl INNOVATION To satisfy the everchanging needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. To safeguard and maintain intellectual property rights, the Group has conducted application, maintenance and protection of intellectual property rights under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC, such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law. To improve the management standard of intellectual property rights in the beer industry, the Group has timely revised the Regulations for the Administration of Intellectual Property Rights and established the Guidelines on Collection of Evidence for Use of Trademark, the Guidelines on Anticounterfeit and Rights Protection of Trademark, the Guidelines on Examination of Product Labels and Remarks, the Management System for Domain Name, Universal URL and Wireless URL, the Management Measures on Trading of Intellectual Property Rights (Trial) and other rules and systems, providing system guarantee for the Group's protection and maintenance of intellectual property rights. To drive continuous innovations, the Group has formulated various innovation systems, including the Management Requirements for Technical Research and Development, the Administrative Measures for New Product Research and Development, which standardized the management of all stages from new product initiation, research, trial production, result verification, mass production and launch, in order to nurture an innovative corporate culture. Before launching of newly developed products, the beer and packaging materials will undergo food safety assessment, which includes testing of microorganism in beer, taste testing, food safety inspection, functional testing of packaging materials, food safety verification, etc. The Group organized 10 consumer tasting events in 2021, inviting consumer representatives of different ages, occupations and regions to participate. The Group performed thorough monthly quality assessments by pulling out in total 1, 407 batches of products from 136 sales cities and regions and all subsidiary factories for quality evaluation during the year under review. The holistic quality assessment and consumer appraisal results underpin the Group's product quality improvement and new product research and development.
32 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited For the purpose of new product launching and product research and development, the Group has organized a number of beer tasting sessions during the year, inviting customers, media, experts and others to taste. BEER TASTING EVENT 5, 000 Launched in 2021, the Group'snew product Li reproduces the beer brewing technology from ancient China 5, 000 years ago, offering consumers the authentic Chinese beer, which not only inherits the cultural connotation of the ancients wine as a gift, but also promotes national selfconfidence and reshapes China's premium beer brand image. PRODUCT INNOVATION AND TRADITIONAl CUlTURE HERITAGE 8, 500 103 100 485 In 2021, the investment made to research and development by the Group exceeded RMB 85 million, the number of scientific research staff amounted to 103 and the expenses on industrial, academic and research cooperation was RMB 1 million. Adhering to the strategies of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment, the Group launched various new brands of product in 2021. In February, the carbonated beverage Snow Xiao Pi Qi with zero alcohol was launched. In April, a superpremium new product, Li, and the first fruity beer product L wen Fruit Beer ( 485 Ros ) were launched. The international brand, Amstel, was introduced. In October, the international brand Edelweiss was introduced.
33 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 485 255 30 3, 495 83 71 In 2021, the Group has applied fora total of new 255 trademarks under Li, L wen Fruit Beer ( 485 Ros ) and Lovibond Dark Beer and maintain overseas trademarks involving the United States, the European Union, South Korea, Japan and Australia, etc. More than 30 major countries and regions in the world have carried out intellectual property layout for the Group's products exported overseas. In 2021, the Group process 3, 495 registered trademarks, 83 authorized patents and 71 registered copyrights. As of the end of 2021, the Group strictly complies with the relevant laws and regulations in relation to trademarks, patents and intelligent properties which are significant to the Group, and no material breach thereof has been reported. 7 (China SAO) 5 550 (III) ADVOCATING RATIONAl DRINKING AND RESPONSIBlE MARKETING As a brewing enterprise with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group highly responds to the advocation of rational drinking behavior with a healthy and edified lifestyle and strived to provide fair, reliable and responsible promotional information. The Group proactively gives potential risk warning that in addition to clearly indicating the ingredients and alcohol content on package, the Group also print excessive drinking is harmful to health, pregnant women and children should not drink alcohol and other persuasive sentences or icons on packages. In addition, the official website of CRSB has setup an age limit to prohibit minors from browsing. We have been cooperating with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 7 years in arow and appealed to more people to attach importance to rational drinking as a member of China SAO. In 2021, the Group actively participated in the 2021 National Responsible Drinking Publicity Week, which has been held simultaneously in 550 cities above the county level in addition to the 5 main venues in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Baoji and Chengde, which has aroused wide in the society on the issue of drinking rationally and rejecting drinking and driving.
34 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Group also strictly regulates advertising to ensure the truthfulness and compliance of the contents of its advertisements. In strict accordance with the Advertising Law of the PRC, the Sales and Marketing Center of CRSB at headquarters has actively established responsible internal system for relevant marketing and sales and formulated We Media Management Measures under which encouraging or inductive drinking contents or unrestrained drinking are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The regulation also clearly stipulates the content of dissemination and review mechanism, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the upcoming corporate advertising content, and guide consumers correctly from the roots. In order to better control the responsible marketing, the Brand Management Department of Sales and Marketing Center and the Legal and Compliance Department also conduct interpretation trainings for regional companies ona regular basis to emphasize the importance of promoting rational drinking content including No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of uncontrolled drinking; No appearance of drinking behaviors; No appearance of minors images; No potentially dangerous activities such as driving a car, boat or airplane; No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others; No expression or implication that drinking contributes to the success of personal, business, society, sport, sexual life and others. In addition, the Group has established a topdown management mechanism for monitoring responsible marketing activities in various regions. In the meantime, employees are responsible for the monitoring of responsible marketing. Once the false advertisements are found forwarded, they will be reported and properly handled in a timely manner to minimize social impact, and investigation and accountability will be conducted to eliminate false marketing from the source. The Group did not involve any material breach of regulations in relations to advertising and promotion in 2021.
35 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES (1) 30 72 (2) (3) (4) 97 (5) (IV) CUSTOMER SERVICES AND PROTECTION OF PRIVACY Upholding the operating philosophy of Prioritizing Customers, the Group has been striving to improve customer satisfaction and build good and longterm customer relationships. In 2021, we continued to optimize our customer service system and improved our rapid response system for client complaints. We undertake to protect the legitimate interests of consumers and safeguard the business of the Group by adopting the following measures (1) Rapid response our call center handles complaints on a timely basis. Once receiving complaints from customers, our customer service officers must contact the customer within 30 minutes to understand and resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. In respect of bad product experience, our customer service officers must obtain the beer involved in physical form and upload the complaint description form to our customer service system within 72 hours. (2) System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint process are recorded online, which enable customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant department to improve. (3) Rectification our customer service team conducts real time and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. (4) Sampling analysis in respect of unsatisfactory product experience, our customer service team facilitates timely return of the beer involved in physical form to the factory. The factory should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer in physical form. As of the end of 2021, the return rate of beer involving the complaints in physical form reached 97. (5) Business linkage the business operation departments need to understand customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customeroriented beer enterprise.
36 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 41. 2 Unit 2021 2020 number of products and service complaints Cases 21, 000 36, 000 Customer complaint settlement rate 95. 0 100 revisit rate of customer complaints 90. 0 72. 1 effective communication rate of call center 99. 5 96. 8 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 98. 5 91. 9 responsive time after receiving complaint 30 Within 30 minutes 30 Within 30 minutes rating of customers satisfaction in complaints handling process Points 86. 3 86. 2 Unit 2021 2020 2019 Proportion of unsatisfactory product experience 46 41 32 Proportion of unsatisfactory service experience 54 59 68 Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints received by the Group decreased significantly by 41. 2 in 2021, and the customer satisfaction survey score has been improved by increasing the complaint return visit rate and call center connection rate. The Group will focus on the satisfaction of service complaints and consultation answers in the next steps. The table below is the statistics of customer service indicator for the past two years The table below is the breakdown of the complaints by nature received by the Group for the past three years
37 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES In addition, we understand that the importance of our customers put on the protection of their personal information. Therefore, we are in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management. Staff of different level could only access to information relating to complaints and consumer within authorized right. Staff are forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When submitting complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete the relevant personal information of the consumers. We strengthen the defense capability of the Group's network by establishing firewalls, intrusion detection and other technologies to ensure that the confidential related information system of the Group operates safely in the intranet. During the operation, we also require relevant staff to comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Confidentiality Work Management System of the Group, aswell as to sign the Confidentiality Undertaking. The accountability on confidentiality is implemented for the fulfillment of our confidentiality obligation and the safeguard of information security. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any complaint involving attested invasion of customers privacy and hacking, leakage or loss of customer information or important information. (V) SUPPlY CHAIN RESPONSIBIlITY MANAGEMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SUPPlIERS Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine declaration, tendering and bidding process, etc. so as to prevent food safety risks and to ensure that materials purchased are incompliance with quality standards, establishing a stable, controllable, secure and supportive supply channel for our longterm development. In addition, we advance the priority of quality through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure, which helps to achieve winwin situation with strong suppliers through agreement on strategic cooperation.
38 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Group's administration on supply chain of productive materials complies with the regulations of CRSB Administrative Regulations on Procurement Tenders of Productive Materials and CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers of Productive Materials and other systems for the procurement process including tendering and price inquiry based on three key principles of fair, open and justice. By formulating standards of supplier screening and onsite accreditation as well as urging suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment, the Group advocates for suppliers to devote to environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption, and full recycling of resources, so as to contribute to the green and healthy development of society. In order to fulfill our social responsibility in respect of supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, starting from 2020, we have emphasized environment protection in the suppliers selection and certification criteria, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water waste gas treatment equipment, etc. Besides, we require all suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environmentrelated technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Carrying out knowledge and compliance test of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and selfdiscipline they should perform.
39 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Unit 2021 2020 total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 800 4, 800 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers introduction rate 9. 0 18. 0 elimination rate 11. 0 15. 5 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 7 99. 7 others regions 0. 3 0. 3 Breakdown by types of products supplied e e suppliers of productive materials (including raw and auxiliary materials, packaging materials and additives, etc.) Suppliers 1, 100 1, 100 suppliers of nonproductive materials Suppliers 3, 700 3, 700 (1) 51 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years The Group carries out circulation dynamics management of suppliers list and implemented supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation and elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee inaccordance with the relevant regulations. (1) Screening of potential suppliers potential suppliers will undergo screening through regional reporting, selfrecommendation, scout by headquarters, etc. In 2021, 51 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities.
40 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited(2) 10 (3) (4) 34 (5) (6) 418 HACCP ISO 9001 575 1, 315 261 7, 793 3, 600 (2) Onsite inspection and accreditation in 2021, the Group organized 10 largescaled onsite inspections and accreditations covering new suppliers and cooperative suppliers with recommendations for improvements given. (3) Supplier cooperation assessment the Group conducts monthly assessments on the cooperation with suppliers to ensure effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. (4) Comprehensive evaluation of supplier the Group conducts annual comprehensive evaluation of suppliers and has established a Noncooperative Supplier Catalog that those suppliers who commit serious violations of regulations and disciplines during the process of procurement bidding and cooperation shall be disqualified and included into the catalog with 5 years of prohibition time. There are currently total 34 suppliers in the catalog. (5) Hierarchical management of suppliers in 2021, the Group formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Starrated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. By jointly entering into strategic cooperation agreement, we share test sites, database and communication platform with our strategic partners, which has been a new form of cooperation with suppliers. (6) Dynamic management of supplier list CSBR supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. In 2021, there were 418 core suppliers of productive materials under direct management of the Procurement Department of the Group, all of which have obtained widely recognized certification in environmental, occupational safety, product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO 9001 or equivalent standards. During 2021, the Quality Department under the Production Center of the Group had conducted 575 times of inspections on suppliers and 1, 315 batches of product. We have invited third party to test 261 product samples and 7, 793 items regarding the product safety. There were 3, 600 items been inspected regarding the implementation of standards.
41 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 9 HACCP 5, 300 HACCP 4 11 67 300 The Quality Department under the Production Center of the Group conducts annual onsite inspection of suppliers providing 9 major raw materials including malt, hops, etc. The inspection is based on four categories quality guarantee, HACCP guarantee, production process control and laboratory management. 5, 300 issues were discovered throughout 2021 and all have been rectified, achieving an effective management on the hygiene and HACCP of the suppliers. In addition, affected by the changes in the domestic and foreign market environments and the continued impact of the pandemic, the prices of bulk raw materials increased significantly during 2021. To tackle the challenges, the Group timely proposed a production safety procurement plan for packaging materials such as cans, bottle caps and glass bottles to ensure that purchased materials are in line with quality standards, to further prevent food safety risk, aswell as to establish longterm stable and controllable supply channels. In 2021, the Group has reached strategic cooperation with key raw material suppliers and signed 4 longterm cooperation agreements for domestic hops procurement and 11 longterm cooperation agreements for imported hops procurement. suPPly Chain res Ponsibility Manage Ment In 2021, we further facilitated the promotion of the Knowledge Manual for CRSB Suppliers on What Should Understand and Follow and urged the suppliers of the Group to follow our new rules and requirements in terms of green production, sustainable development and social responsibility. We encouraged the suppliers to devote effort in the development of green and healthy society through environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. When conducting onsite accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should understand and follow for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should understand and follow for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of supplies of the Group and the cooperation will be ceased for two years. Building on the comprehensive test for the existing suppliers in 2020, the Group had organized a total of 67 trainings for new suppliers joint within the year during verification, of which over 300 participants been trained.
42 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should understand and follow Suppliers 26 818 number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 26 732 number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 86 Pass rate 100 89. 5 elimination rate 0 10. 5 The following table summarizes the result of the test regarding what should understand and follow for the major productive material suppliers for the past two years The Group has completed a comprehensive test regarding what should understand and follow for the major existing productive material suppliers in 2020. In 2021, relevant tests were carried out to newlyjoint suppliers only, so the number was lower than last year. suPPorting do MestiC barley industry As an industrial leader, the Group takes an active role in realizing its mission and commitment by initiating preparation works for the revitalization of domestic barley industrial chain during the year. The Group has taken the lead in conducting onsite research on domestic barley production areas, put on barley production experiments using three species of barley from Northwest China regions, under which the post brewery experiments had also been completed. The Group continued to collect major domestic barley species and materials to complete the experiments of species screenings and cooperating with breeding institute to breed new and highquality barley species. Through joint research and discussion with upstream industry chain players such as breeding, planting, malt processing and malt use enterprises, aswell as the beer companies, relevant government departments and industry associations, we will work together to explore the revitalization of the domestic barley industry.
43 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES (VI) ANTICORRUPTION AND GOVERNANCE OF INTEGRITY The Group strictly observes national laws and regulations pertaining to antibribery, extortion, fraud and moneylaundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the PRC and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and performs relevant systems and documents of its parent company in its production and operation, including the Centralized Management Measures for Letters and Visits and Question Clues of China Resources Company Limited (Trial), the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Integrity Talk System for CRH s New Managers, the China Resources Group Provisional Regulations for Staff Violation of Disciplines and Regulations, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited and the Ten Directives of China Resources, etc. Meanwhile, according to the market and production and operation conditions, the Group establishes and improves relevant management systems, and strictly implements relevant rules and procedures, including the Implementation Rules of CRSB Disciplinary Inspection (Supervision) Agency Letters and Visits Handling and Disciplinary Work Supervision, the Centralized Management Measures for Letters and Visits and Question Clues (Trial) the Employee Violation and Discipline Handling Measures, the CRSB s Guidelines for Clarification of False Report and Accusation, the CRH s Business Code of Practice and the CRSB s Implementation Rules on Interviews and Inquiries with the Management etc. The Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribe, extortion, fraud, moneylaundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruptions. In addition, the Group has built a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. In respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, construction of major projects and spirit of the Eight Point Regulations of the Central Government to ensure the legal compliance of its operation.
44 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 19, 600 27, 500 100 50 100 100 100 The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, engineering, operation and capital management aswell as key positions. The Group has conducted integrity cultural education events, carried out integrity alarming education of Dual Duties in One Position. During the reporting period, the Group organized trainings relating to business ethics, anticorruptions and integrity in which over 19, 600 enrolments participated the trainings, covering medium and senior management personnel and key staff positions of engineering projects, procurement, finance, sales, etc., with a total of over 27, 500 training hours. The Discipline Inspection Department of the Group convened suppliers meeting to advocate integrity procurement culture to create a working atmosphere free from corruption and pass on the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulation which should be understand and comply with to the suppliers so as to facilitate indepth development of anticorruption and integrity environment. The Group has reached 100 advocacy coverage of the suppliers for centralized and scaled procurement 2021. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal related transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, receipt of gifts. A call for tender is required tobe conducted for procurement of materials with an amount of not less than RMB 500, 000; while suppliers for nonmaterial procurement with an amount of not less than RMB 1 million shall be confirmed through tender. Besides, suppliers are required to sign a Sunshine Undertaking when signing the procurement contract and submitting the tender documents. Meanwhile our staff in charge of suppliers inspection and validation are required to sign an Integrity Code for On Site Certification of Suppliers. These kind of mutual constraints by signing contracts promotes honesty and integrity, with the anticorruption and briberyrelated regulations and provisions that suppliers need to be complied with clearly stated. In 2021, 100 of the new certified suppliers of the Group signed the Sunshine Commitment, and 100 of the suppliers onsite certification personnel signed the Code of Integrity.
45 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Unit 2021 2020 number of procurement tenders organized by the Procurement department under the Production Center Tenders 56 23 number of suppliers participated Suppliers 196 182 Contracts or agreements signed Contracts 181 141 signing rate of sunshine undertaking by suppliers 100 100 12 1 6 2 1 1 1 The following table shows the statistical data of the centralized procurement tenders organized by the Procurement Department under the Production Center of the Group in the past two years In 2021, the Group conducted a total of 12 audit programs in relation with business ethics and integrity, including 1 financial and operational management audits, 6 marketing and operational business project audits, 2 engineering management audits, 1 capital management audit, 1 research and development and technology investment audit and 1 informationization audit. In the course of the audit, we focused on anticorruption, fair competition, conflict of interest, internal transaction, etc., and did not find that the Group had any material problem in these issues. During the reporting period, the Group was not subject to any litigation involving corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and moneylaundering, nor were any cases of material violation and crime reported. The Group requires all staff to abide by business ethics and business secrets, keep safety of the Group's information, and participate in regular trainings on code of ethics to enhance awareness of selfrestraint and integrity work. Through organizing events such as Integrity Nurturing My Heart propaganda education event, execution of Integrity Undertaking, producing micro videos, photography works and propaganda column for integrity culture, we further enhanced integrity education on employees. In addition, prior to festival holidays, the Group would remind and educate employees on anticorruption issues through issuing notifications as well as pushing articles on We Chat official accounts and working We Chat groups to create a clean and honest culture.
46 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to the management and operation principle of peopleoriented for many years. We regard the staff not only as important assets in the development of our business, but also the key service group to realize corporate vision. We not only safeguard the rights and interests of the staff in any aspects, but also endeavor to offer them a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment to understand and meet their various needs on work and life. (I) EQUAl EMPlOYMENT POlICY AND STAFF REMUNERATION AND BENEFIT The staff is critical to the development of the Group's business, and is of great significance to our product quality, food safety and service reputation. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivation of the staff and is dedicated to safeguarding the staff's appropriate treatment and law protection. We strictly complied with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Regulations on Insurance for Workrelated Injury, in order to safeguard the employment principle of equality. We treat our employees fairly and equitably regardless of age, gender, nationalities, ethnicity, religious belief, skin color, language, and household registration location. We aim to build up a fair, equal, competitive and meritbased recruitment environment. The companies under the Group have setup relevant management regulations in order to manage all employment issues in a proper and effective way. In 2021, the Group continued to amend the Staff Benefit Management System and announced the CSBR s Guidelines for Termination of Labor Contract, the CSBR s Guidelines for Recruitment Management and the Administrative Measures for Talent Recommendation, etc., and made contributions to the social insurance and housing provident fund for the staff. In the meantime, the Group restricts working time of labour assignment staff and nonfulltime workers, thereby safeguarding the staff's rights and interests.
47 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group insists on passing the employee value concept of diligence, professionalism and growth, strictly implemented the national and local regulations and policies on labour and remuneration management with various social insurances and housing provident funds paid in full for employees according to law. At the same time, we continuously improve and enhance the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. Inaccordance with the second threeyear strategic deployment of the Group, we have completed the reform of the remuneration and benefit system for all employees, especially the one designed for the middle and junior level employees which is based on value of work position, evaluation of professional grading and annual performance ranking. The Group strictly complied with the national and local laws and regulations in respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays to ensure staff can obtain basic rights and interests. The Group's business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. Moreover, we followed the national and local labour laws to implement working hour management, and paid corresponding remuneration according to the staff's job position and actual working hours. The Group is committed to offering comprehensive benefit for the staff, promoting the national benefit system of three unifications (i. e. unifications of benefit project, benefit standard and payment approach) for the first time, unifying the management of the national staff benefit, and improving basic safeguard level and internal fairness for benefits. To safeguard the health of the staff, we provide the staff with various plans, including basic healthcare insurance and complementary commercial insurance of all staff, and arrange annual health examination for all staff and annual professional health examination for special types of the staff. We have unified the housing provident fund payment and deposit ratio since 2020. We carry out the promotion of remuneration and benefit from multidirection and multidimension, strengthening the staff's social and benefit security, and meet their expectations and satisfaction on remuneration and benefit. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labour rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation.
48 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 18 100 100 25, 000 37. 4 67 8 (II) TAlENTS RECRUITMENT AND MANAGEMENT To assure the recruitment and performance evaluation process ona transparent, open, fair and justice basis, the Group has developed human resources management systems and management regulations as well as continued to improve and upgrade. The Group's staff recruitment, review and approval regulations fully cover the recruitment process of various positions, including contractors and parttime staff. We strictly complied with the requirements of the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Employment Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations which had a significant impact on the Group. We have established policies on preventing child labour or forced labour and managed the compliance and quality of employment from the hiring stage. Hiring informatization system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labour force ona voluntary basis. In the meantime, the Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labour. Meanwhile, the Group strictly executed the Management Regulations on Reporting of Employment Disputes and the Standardized Management System for Labour and Employment to report promptly labour employment disputes and followup events closely and implement measures on improvement. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise the awareness of staff on labour employment disputes. In 2021, the labor contract signing rate of the Group was 100 and the social insurance coverage rate was 100. The Group properly managed the staff's information, such as recruitment and attendance, through various systems and measures, formulating information system data quality and system application appraisal indicators and conducting inspections and assessments quarterly to ensure the accuracy and quality of relevant statistics. At the same time, key data information was checked on an irregular basis each month by the Group and relevant regular training was organized to ensure the system operate normally and can be operated by the staff properly. In 2021, the Group had approximately 25, 000 fulltime staff, with an average age of 37. 4 years old. Over 67 of the staff had received college qualifications or above, while the turnover rate was approximately 8.
49 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF Unit 2021 2020 Staff figures total number of staff People 26, 900 28, 900 Total number of staff by type fulltime staff People 25, 000 26, 600 Parttime staff People 1, 900 2, 300 Total number of fulltime staff by gender Male staff People 18, 000 19, 000 female staff People 7, 000 7, 600 Total number of fulltime staff by age group 29 staff with age 29 or below People 5, 200 4, 800 30 39 staff with age between 30 and 39 People 11, 300 12, 400 40 49 staff with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 500 7, 100 50 staff with age 50 or above People 2, 000 2, 300 Total number of fulltime staff by region Mainland China and hong kong People 25, 000 26, 600 local employment rate 95 95 Local employment rate is an estimated figure which represents staff working locally upon employment. The number of employees presented above is rounded up.
50 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 Total number of fulltime staff by grade senior management People 900 900 Middlelevel staff People 2, 400 2, 400 Junior staff People 21, 700 23, 300 Management staff (middlelevel seniorlevel) People 3, 300 3, 300 Total number of management staff by gender Male management staff People 2, 800 2, 800 female management staff People 500 500 Volunteer turnover rate of staff fulltime staff 8. 4 6. 0 Volunteer turnover rate of fulltime staff by gender 2021 Male staff 11. 6 female staff 6. 8 Volunteer turnover rate of fulltime staff by age group 2021 29 staff with age 29 or below 23. 8 30 39 staff with age between 30 and 39 6. 5 40 49 staff with age between 40 and 49 1. 9 50 staff with age 50 or above 0. 4 The number of employees presented above is rounded up.
51 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF 10 9 4 3 95 100 95 Due to the Group's business presence across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and paid attention to the employment situation of local citizens to offer job opportunity for the community to promote local economy. In 2021, the projects in Zhejiang were officially put in operation, including the 100, 000 kilolitres capacity expansion project at the Jiashan plant and the 90, 000 cans per hour production line project at the Wenzhou plant. The construction of the China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. ( CR Snow ) headquarter and CR Snow beer town was officially launched in August 2021. In addition, 4 relocation or upgrading projects were officially launched (located in Bengbu, Anhui, Liangshan, Hangzhou and Qiannan) and 3 new projects were officially signed (located in Jinan, Hunan and Xiamen respectively). These production bases mainly accommodate local employees and migrant workers back to their hometown for employment. Also, we set up vocational training platform for them and provide training plans. In 2021, all newly employed staff of the Group were recruited and working locally, and the local employment rate of the Group achieved approximately 95. (III) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands actively various needs and demands from staff through maintaining close and good communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. We keep a thorough internal communication system through various channels like the visits to frontline operation, communication with the general manager and mailbox. We further promote the informatization of communication channel and setup of platform to strengthen the management on communication with informative media, and make use of social media, We Chat official accounts, mobile office platforms to encourage all staff's participation in the Group's operation management, increasing the staff's willingness to involve in the corporate governance and protect their rights to know, participate, express opinion and monitor. In this regard, the Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership and encourages them to participate in democratic management, giving full play to the communication and coordination of the union and various departments. The Group respects the right of the staff to participate, organize, or refuse to participate, the union is respected to enable the union to become a qualified and exemplary home of employees. In 2021, the Group had been in 100 compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China to establish union with 95 rate on staff participation in the union.
52 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited For staff care and promoting communication with each other, the Group has set upwork guidance about staff care and realizes the allround care to staff safety, emotion and selfrealization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, aswell as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to buildup teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, mailbox of general manager, etc. In 2021, we continued the activities that our senior management interacted with the frontline operational staff and conducted indepth communication with them to find out their needs and expectations on the company, meanwhile, deepened staff care and strengthened team building. We also continuously strengthened the construction of informatization communication channel and platform and implemented comprehensive corporate culture promotion platform, aswell as communicated with the staff through internal publications, multimedia and We Chat official accounts and other channels, which also enables the staff to have more understanding on the dynamic development of the enterprise. The Group cares for the physical health and safety and wellbeing of the staff, and is committed to promoting their worklife balance. We regularly organized and held various cultural or sports activities, like sport days, interest groups and party gatherings, to advocate a healthy life, promote the communication among staff, and strengthen their teamwork spirit. We also provided health examinations for the staff and held health training and relevant activities on an irregular basis, such as carrying out a Cool Gift campaign in summer to distribute heatstroke preventives to frontline workers, and during the festivals and holidays, we expressed appreciation for the frontline production and sales staff and visited the staff in need, reminding the staff to prevent occupational disease, aswell as conducted regularly various expansion and staff club activities, striking a balance between work and life and promoting the physical and mental health of the staff.
53 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF 402 232 24 125 87 28 In December 2021, the Group held its first Snow Day event to celebrate CRSB s 28 th birthday, which was one of the largestscale staff activities in the history of the Group. The event had effectively enhanced employees recognition of the Group's corporate culture and created a good working atmosphere. With an aim to create a caring working environment, the Group has set up the Snow Relieve Fund since 2006 to provide, byway of internal donations, emergency support to those staff and their families with difficulties in their livelihood or health for their immediate relief. Meanwhile, we have established longterm staff help and support system and management regulations, such as the Management Regulations on Expenditure about Staff Union and the Working Guidance on Visit and Care of the Veteran Cadres in CRH, to closely care for and condole with the staff and deliver the Group'scare and warmth to them. We had regular visits every year to understand the staff's needs and devote to resolve the problem of the staff on work and livelihood, and took care of those staff who are in sick or stay in hospital, or have direct relatives passed away. In 2021, the Group helped 402 staff with difficulties, visited 232 households of staff with difficulties, provide financial aid to 24 children of staff with difficulties in their schooling, and assisted 125 staff in sick, with an accumulative spending amount of over RMB 870, 000. The Group is devoted to improving working environment, to create a comfortable and pleasant working environment for its staff. To achieve this, the Group's various subsidiaries advocated various modification projects in each plant area based on its actual conditions, such as building of staff dormitories and upgrade of safety facilities in activity rooms, modification of production equipment, greening working environment and improvement of meal quality, ensuring that the staff can work in a comfortable, safe and healthy working environment. BUIlDING CORPORATE CUlTURE
54 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CEO 21 400 27, 000 29. 8 500 (IV) STAFF DEVElOPMENT AND TRAINING To the best of the Group's knowledge, staff growth is the key to business development. In this regard, we have been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and are committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. Furthermore, we adopted the principle of talents training and development of full coverage and highlighted priorities and strived to construct and continuously optimize our training systems, aswell as continuously expanded the channels for the occupational development of the staff, enabling them to progress and grow with the Group. The Group adheres to the talent development philosophy of learning promotes growth, and reflection promotes development and learning from and applying to the business practices and continuously improving the business and management abilities of the staff. The Group's strategy focuses on the following key elements strategy undertaking, leaders nurturing, resource building, platform operation and technology empowerment to carry out talent development work so as to cooperate with the Group's policy of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment for strategic promotion and development. The Group not only provides all staff with trainings, but also offers tailored skill guidance and training programs in accordance with their job positions and qualifications to improve their working ability and performance, supporting the Group's longterm strategic transformation and quality business development. Affected by the pandemic, the Group invested more resources to build the online learning platform CRB Learning and Innovation Center to facilitate relevant staff training. Approximately 400 lessons under 21 series of trainings such as CEO s Strategy Talk were launched in 2021 to enable staff to gain knowledge and improve skills even during pandemic. In 2021, there has been approximately 27, 000 staff registered for learning with the online learning hours for each fulltime staff in full year was 29. 8 hours. Furthermore, the Group launched social responsibility training for human resources, environment, health and safety systems, with over 500 online and offline participants, to increase employees awareness of social responsibility.
55 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF ESG EHS ESG ESG ESG In May 2021, the Group provided ESG professional training to all departments involved in ESG, including the EHS Department, Human Resources Department, Production Center of Purchasing Department, Risk Management Department, Sales and Marketing Center and Administration Department, and invited external professional organizations to conduct training and exchanges to enable management to understand the ESG compliance disclosure requirements for Hong Kong listed companies, the new amendments of the ESG regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, capital market concerns, the Group's current status and international peer best practices and other information. ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG In response to the ESG disclosure expectations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the capital markets for listed companies, the Group also reviewed its ESG compliance disclosure status, proposed continuous improvement solutions according to its current performance, made references to the status of ESG disclosure by peer companies, so as to improve the Group's ESG management. The training provided by the Group further enhanced the knowledge of ESG work of the responsible colleagues and enabled them to comprehensively grasp the latest requirements of ESG work, so as to continuously improve the Group's ESG performance, to achieve more effective implementation of ESG management improvement work, to strive to obtain more competitive scores from international influential ESG rating agencies and to reach the ESG rating level of international toptier beer enterprises as soon as possible. ESG ESG ESG The Group understands that communicating the vision and longterm strategic plans to key stakeholders is akey driver for the Group to achieve sustainable development. Therefore, the Group continued to communicate the direction, targets, vision and strategic plans of ESG issues through various communication channels such as the intranet, official website, posters, meetings, social media and emails during the year to help stakeholders build a sense of ESG mission and ensure that the culture promoted by the Group encourages stakeholders to cooperate with the Group on important ESG concerns and key issues. ESG In order to actively respond to external institutional investors increasing awareness of ESG issues, the Group has invited leading international carbon emission professional research institute to conduct special training on carbon emission questionnaires in 2021. ESG ESG EXECUTIVE TRAINING
56 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited d j A series of training measures to address different types of employees Newly recruited staff To enhance development of junior staff team, the Group has developed a unique oneonone training method apprenticeship. After induction or redesignation of a staff, a mentor will be selected for such staff according to his her actual needs. Such two persons will be matched to contractually form an apprenticeship which will help the staff to quickly become an independent and qualified staff. 274 2021 Organized 274 new employees to participate in the 2021 Future Stars Training Camp, which established a longterm training mechanism through cultural input, workplace professionalism, onthejob practice, job rotation and communication meetings. Middlelevel management (IDP) Trainings and Individual Development Program (IDP) are organized for all middlelevel management personnel. 98 Two Drive Wheels talent development project for over 98 middlelevel manager positions of premium catering and premium nightlife channels to enhance the premiumization ability of the Group. Senior management 31 CRSB s Strategic Central City Business Development Workshop was organized to cover general managers to 31 central city sales regions across China, enhancing central cities capabilities in premiumization development. 126 2021 Organized the Three Level Leaders 2021 catered to 126 employees including general managers of regional companies, Sales and Marketing Center, aswell as regional sale. 48 2021 Organized the Young Managers Training Program 2021 catered to 48 young senior managers to enhance the leadership of individuals, teams and organization. Professional staff in key positions 2021 79 The 2021 Channel Magic Weapon talent development project tailored to 79 people from key channel marketing positions has been completed with the three outputs of talent training, case study and activity templates at the same time. TOP Human resources business partner cultivation, TOP Financial Director Training and other training classes are carried out to strengthen human resources so as to promote financial transformation. Frontline operational staff Provided online microcourses and offline expertise trainings, organizing microcourse competitions and cultivating microcourse developers for frontline operational staff and team leaders in breweries to continuously enrich staff learning resources and methods.
57 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFFThe following table shows the online learning platform training figures for staff in the past two years Unit 2021 2020 Online learning platform training figures training coverage rate of fulltime employees 100 100 Training coverage rate of fulltime employees by gender Male staff 100 100 female staff 100 100 Training coverage rate of fulltime employees by employment category senior management 100 100 Middlelevel staff 100 100 Junior staff 100 100 Training hours average training hours for each fulltime staff in full year Hours 29. 8 29. 3 total training hours for fulltime staff Hours 744, 900 779, 100 The relevant training was carried out through the Group's selfdeveloped online learning platform CRB Learning and Innovation Center. 65 10 5 20 Among the train Ing, approximately 65 is for industry related professional training, approximately 10 is for occupational general training, approximately 5 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 20 is for leadership training. 90 ESG Among the training, approximately 90 is related to ESG management improvement.
58 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 Average training hours completed per fulltime staff by gender Male staff hours 29. 9 28. 2 female staff hours 29. 1 30. 5 Average training hours completed per fulltime staff by employment category senior management hours 28. 1 25. 4 Middlelevel staff hours 28. 8 29. 6 Junior staff hours 32. 3 32. 4 Training Investment average training cost for each fulltime staff r Mb 352 341 total amount of training cost for fulltime staff r Mb 9, 065, 000 9, 069, 000 The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the development of the staff. The Group assesses the staff based on their performance, professional knowledge and skills, etc. to provide adequate and equal promotion opportunity to them for developing career. In 2021, the Group successively conducted talent assessments, encouraging staff's career development. For those frontline junior staff, we have setup a talent assessment and incentive mechanism for junior sales teams to advance their business skills and sales performance. The Group's regional companies have also formulated assessment proposals, such as the Framework Plan for Staff Occupational Development System, which established a comprehensive dual path for occupational development of the staff, encouraging them to develop their career. Meanwhile, the Group has also formulated a comprehensive management system for senior officers, of which the Regulation for Selecting and Appointing Managers clearly states the standards on the selection, appointment, competition, performance appraisal and training of managers to ensure equal opportunities for their development. The Administrative Measures on Tenure and Rotation of Managers and the Implementation Rules on Management and Services for Veteran Cadres protect the rights, duties and interests of senior management.
59 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF EHS Unit 2021 2020 2019 Statistics on workrelated fatalities in past three years number of workrelated fatalities People 0 0 1 rate of workrelated fatalities 0 0 0. 003 (V) OCCUPATIONAl HEAlTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group still adheres to work management philosophy of people oriented and safety development, regards safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursues zero injury and zero incident. We strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and insisted on the safetyfirst management principle. At the same time, we strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of responsible system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate's safety management level. Safety production is an important part of the operation. Therefore, the Group has set the 14 th Five Year strategic planning target for EHS management, with the goal of no production safety accidents causing serious injury or death to employees, suppliers and subcontractors (contractors). In 2021, the Group recorded zero production safety incident resulting in the death of employees, suppliers and subcontractors (contractors), holding the bottom line of safety production for two consecutive years.
60 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 330 0. 6 External certifications Unit 2021 number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the national Production safety standardization Plants 61 d of which, number of plants that recognized as the secondclass enterprise Plants 26 number of plants that recognized as the thirdclass enterprise Plants 35 iso 45001 number of plants that obtained iso 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification Plants 15 EHS The number of working days lost due to workrelated injuries in 2021 was 330 days, which is higher than that in 2020 mainly due toa fall accident anda slip and fall accident happened during the year, in which the employees suffered fracture due to the injury and required a longer recovery period. The Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand staff of less than 0. 06. We are committed to improving our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that our safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company's business. Through reidentifying and reevaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of prequalification, preservice preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. The Group's requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group's safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above.
61 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF EHS 4, 780 EHS LOTO 290 13, 020 EHS EHS EHS EHS 100 135 142 We have formulated Production Plant Design Specifications as early as 2014 to regulate the design of new and expanded plants of the Group, ensuring that all plants meet the requirements for safe construction and have adequate safety facilities. In order to raise safe awareness of our employee, the Group actively carried out preventive work and vocational health training. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventiveoriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behavior with full participation, focused on process control and regulated staff's safety behaviors as well as innovating safety inspection methods. The Group also identified and rectified potential dangers through flight inspection and review video monitoring to implement safe production. In 2021, the Group made good use of online meeting system to carry out EHS professional capacity enhancement training, and conducted special training and safety management courses fora total of 4, 780 people from all units, covering topics such as the application of the Group's EHS Elements Implementation Guide, mechanical protection and safety interlocking, peoplevehicle diversion control in the plants, gas safety management, LOTO workshops, and safety recordable accident management, etc. to enable employees to buildup their safety knowledge and skills and emergency handling capabilities, and to strengthen the safety awareness of employees. In 2021, the Group has organized 290 occupational health inspections and provided occupational health training to 13, 020 attendances. The Group continued to carry out CRSB Regulation on EHS Responsibility of Position, organized to sign the safety and production responsibility letter at each level, and set the safety and production goals for each position to implement the safety and production goal indicators and responsibilities to each post and each employee. The Group also arranges employees of all ranks to sign annual EHS responsibility letters to ensure that employees are aware of their job responsibilities and updates related to EHS responsibilities. In 2021, the signing rate of EHS responsibility letter for the Group's employees is 100. The Group encouraged its staff to obtain relevant professional qualification. In 2021, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 135 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 142 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates.
62 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 exclusive funds for safe production purposes r Mb 0 000 6, 900 7, 850 Provision of safety education and training to staff training hours 354, 000 390, 000 e Provision of safety education and training to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties training hours 195, 000 140, 000 emergency drills times 600 610 Participants 13, 000 13, 500 safety education training rate 100 100 occupational diseaserelated health checkup rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in workplace 100 100 5, 548 EHS 2, 230 The Group's performance in safety training of the past two years The Group conducted over 5, 548 safety inspections at various levels in 2021 and made ongoing improvements based on the inspection results to continuously enhance the effectiveness of safety management. To reduce our environmental risks, the EHS Department of CRSB under the Group in 2021 upgraded and renovated ammonia refrigeration system, firefight system and video monitoring system for the sake of safety, with investment amount of over RMB 22. 30 million to improve safety management, in order to ensure safe production at the brewing plants. We ensured the compliance of safety production process of the staff by establishing One person, one file occupational health file. The Group has not received any complaints or notifications from any government authorities for any material violations of occupational health and safety related laws and regulations as mentioned above.
63 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff EHS EHS The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to protect environment and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. We strictly followed the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, aswell as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Pollutant Discharge Standard for Beer Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. The Group aims to develop a sound environmental management system and improve environmentrelated policies, adopted effective environmental operation and supervision rules, and implemented internal control standards for enterprises that are stricter than national or local government standards for pollutant emissions, with a view to achieving the best environmental performance. In 2021, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. (I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAl GOVERNANCE The Group continued to improve and implement the system on environmental protection regulation and standards. In 2021, the Group refined the applicable standards inaccordance with the standards and requirements of the Central Ecological Environment Supervision, formulated and issued the CRSB Ecological Environment Protection Supervision Key Points and CRSB Inspection of Ecological and Environmental Protection to promote the investigation and treatment of ecological environmental protection issues. The CRSB Solid Waste Management System has been formulated and issued to regulate the management of solid waste at source, collection, storage, treatment and disposal in accordance with the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste which was newly revised in 2021. At the same time, the Group has prepared the Emission Permit Management Regulations to regulate the application, change, renewal, enforcement and cancellation of plant emission permits. The Group also included the indicator of carbon emissions per unit product into its EHS management 14 th Five Year Plan, formulated and issued the CRSB Carbon Emission Calculation Standard and template to set the scope and standard of carbon emission calculation. The Group then carried out the carbon emission calculation and verification at each unit, which would be a major component of their annual review on EHS work.
64 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited EHS EHS EHS EHS CDP 18 3, 427 14 1, 500 2, 194 65 11 14 22 689 5. 46 9, 883 The Group regularly hold annual EHS meeting at the beginning of each year to deploy the annual EHS work arrangement. A regular semiannual meeting would also beheld to summarize the EHS work done in the first half, with a view to rewarning, reviewing, redeploying, reimproving and rethinking for the conduct of EHS work. Senior management of the Company, relevant personnel of EHS Department and Engineering Department of Production Center, relevant personnel of regional companies and production plants attended the meeting. The Group actively carried out environmental protection training. In 2021, the headquarters organized 18 sets of professional trainings for 3, 427 participants on the topics of Typical Cases of Central Ecological and Environmental Protection Supervision, the Law on Prevention and Control of Pollution by Solid Waste, the CRSB Solid Waste Management System, the CRSB Inspection Standards of Ecological and Environmental Protection, publicity and implementation of carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, CDP carbon emission, etc. In 2021, the Group organized a supervision working group at threelevel of headquarters, regional and plant respectively, promoting comprehensive inspection of ecological environmental protection at all units. For better implementation of inspection work into details, the Group organized 14 special training sessions on the inspection standards developed with approximately 1, 500 participants. The supervision working group has investigated a total of 2, 194 issues by conducting factory selfinspection, regional inspection and headquarter random inspection, which have almost been rectified by the end of 2021. In addition, the Group also attached great importance to the work performance in environmental protection and energy saving. On the basis of the regular statement about pollutant emission, the Group strengthened energy saving and emission reduction targets, and implement special project management. In July 2021, the Group designated 65 professional personnel as required by the current regulatory requirements to form 11 inspection groups to crosscheck the environmental protection and energy saving by a total of 14 comprehensive regional companies and 22 plants. During the crosscheck, 689 potential issues were found and rectifications were completed as of the end of 2021. During the period of the 13 th Five Year Plan, all production plants of the Group incurred expenses amounting to RMB 546 million in aggregate about installation of equipment and facilities for energy saving and ecological environmental protection and disposal and treatment of pollutants. As we enter the new phase of the 14 th Five Year Plan, the Group will continue to place emphasis on environmental protection and has spent a total of RMB 98. 83 million in environmental protection in 2021.
65 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 3, 500 26 3, 000 EHS EHS 47, 500 99. 9 EHS 59 j Threestep management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer j Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection The Group developed and implemented inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant established an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, for selfmonitoring on pollutants ona daily basis, and shared data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly engage qualified collaborating manufacturer entity for each production plant to inspect water pollutant, air pollutant, noise, etc., and publicly disclose the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision. j Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data Variouslevel units of the Group inspects regularly various environmental data. By utilizing the system for direct reporting of environmentrelated information data, primarylevel units (plants) directly reported the data, which subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. j Step 3 Onsite environmental checks The headquarters, regional companies and plants of CRSB conducted regular onsite environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. Onsite checks realized the full coverage of all plants. The headquarter of CRSB determined the planning for 2021 environmental protection special funds by reference to the principal risks of energy saving and emission reduction supervision in 2020 combined with the major regulatory directions of the government, and planned to implement specialized funds of RMB 35 million in total. By the end of 2021, the Group had implemented 26 projects at an investment cost of nearly RMB 30 million, mainly for upgrading sewage treatment system to comply with the new standard, sewage biogas recovery and utilization project and sludge membrane filter press project. During the reporting period, the Group implemented numerous measures to address and reduce the production of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. These included five levels of EHS monitoring and inspection at headquarters, regional companies, factories, production units and working teams to strictly evaluate the implementation of the EHS system. In 2021, a total of more than 47, 500 EHS problems were identified among all units and 99. 9 of which has been rectified. In order to effectively control the safety and environmental risks in the process of production capacity optimization, the Group carried out the EHS compliance inspection on capacityoptimized plants, evaluating the treatment and disposal of solid waste, hazardous waste and liquid ammonia with 59 types of various risks identified.
66 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 5 (II) CARBON NEUTRAlITY TARGET AND FlUE GAS EMISSION MANAGEMENT low Carbon o Peration In 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and lowcarbon development into the Company's development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group's historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company's development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international toptier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14 th Five Year. The Group implemented various initiatives in response to the requirements of energy saving and emission reduction, including actively adjusting energy structure, optimizing manufacturing processes, increasing the utilization proportion of clean energy and renewable energy. The Group insists on high standards, high targets, high positions and careful planning to achieve lowcarbon operation. In 2021, the Group voluntarily disclosed more carbon emission related information by including emissions from the loss of purchased CO 2 as raw material during the beer production process aswell as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The expansion of date collection reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate measures. We continuously promote the optimization of production capacity and prioritize to phase out and close down the plants with low energy efficiency, high pollutant emissions including water, air and high carbon emission intensity, and sensitivity to nearby residents and environment. These measures not only increase the Group's efficiency of production costs, but also reach the target of controlling carbon emissions. In 2021, the Group has shut down five plants in Huludao, Deyang, Quanzhou, Huaibei and Wuxi in accordance with the Company's capacity optimization plan.
67 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 58. 9 35. 5 21. 1 Energy consumption Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear Change 0. 2 Coal 10, 000 tons of standard coal 56. 4 54. 1 4. 2 electricity consumption (electricity purchased)10, 000, 000 kilowatt hours 0. 46 0. 45 3. 0 electricity consumption (electricity generated by photovoltaic power)10, 000, 000 kilowatt hours 4. 8 6. 1 -21. 1 natural gas 10, 000, 000 standard cubic metres 0. 1 0. 4 -58. 9 gasoline 1, 000 tons 1. 4 2. 2 -35. 5 diesel 1, 000 tons 2, 966. 9 2, 514. 9 18. 0 heat consumption 1, 000, 000, 000 KJ 0. 0206 0. 0213 -3. 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit Tons of standard coal kilolitre output The Group has completely phased out the use of coalfired boilers, achieving zero coal consumption comprehensively. We are committed to increasing the proportion of clean energy used by promoting the use of purchased steam in the operation of all production plants and reducing the consumption of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel, and natural gas. Below are the achievements of the Group in 2021 The reform of companyowned vehicles has been completed to reduce the use of companyowned vehicles. Gasoline consumption decreased by 58. 9 yearonyear; The reform of companyowned logistics vehicle has been completed by switching from diesel forklifts to electric forklifts in all plants. Rational planning of inplant logistics also helps reducing driving distance. Diesel consumption decreased by 35. 5 yearonyear; Natural gas consumption decreased by 21. 1 yearonyear with more purchased steam used. Energy consumption types and data of the Group in the past two years are setout as follows
68 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 35 46 46. 5 8, 369, 480 90, 244 6. 09 6 459 3 14 3, 229 Subjects Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear Change ghg emission 1 1, 000 tons CO 2 equivalent 110 147 -24. 8 (scope 1) 2 821 767 7. 1 (scope 2) 1 2 932 914 2. 0 (scope 1 2) intensity of ghg emission 1 Tons of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 010 0. 013 -26. 9 (scope 1) 2 0. 073 0. 070 4. 0 (scope 2) 1 2 0. 083 0. 084 -0. 9 (scope 1 2) ESG On the use of renewable energy, since 2014, the Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. In 2021, we have promoted lean management projects to improve the efficiency of sewage treatment, and biogas production at several plants in Wuhan, Guangdong and Qiannan to increase the amount of biogas steam produced. In 2021, a total of 46 biogas boilers have been installed in 35 plants of the Group with a total boiler capacity of 46. 5 tons of steam. In 2021, the Group has recovered approximately 8, 369, 480 cubic metres of biogas and converted it into 90, 244 tons of steam for energy use in plants. Besides, the Group has been actively increasing its photovoltaic capacity and electricity usage since 2019 its first pilot photovoltaic power generation project launched in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang, whose construction area reached 60, 900 square meters and rated power generation volume amounted to 6 megawatts. The Xiaoshan Plant has used a total of 4. 59 million kilowatts hours of photovoltaic power in 2021, representing an increase of 3 compared to 2020. The total electricity generated by photovoltaics accounts for 14 of the total electricity consumption of the Xiaoshan Plant, reducing carbon emissions by 3, 229 tons for the whole year. The Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants or plants in operation. Currently, we are planning to carry out photovoltaic power generation projects in the new construction projects in Jinan and Bengbu, hoping to further improve the usage proportion of renewable resources in the future. ghg e Mission Manage Ment Total greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are setout as follows In 2021, the Group voluntarily disclosed more carbon emission related information that the data caliber has been expanded. Therefore, there is difference between the baseline data of greenhouse gas emission for 2020 and the information disclosed in 2020 ESG Report.
69 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Mainly generated from burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process. Looking ahead, the Group will continue optimization of energy structure and increase the proportion of clean energy use, especially the use of renewable energy. We will continue to improve the efficiency of biogas recovery and utilization, implement photovoltaic power generation in more factories, and explore the use of other renewable energy sources. In terms of lowcarbon operation, the Group strives to achieve lowcarbon operations by reducing the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions and emission intensity by 9. 7 and 10. 7 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. In terms of reducing air emissions, the Group strives to lower down SO 2 and NOX by 13. 0 and 14. 5 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. 1 2 2. 0 2. 9 1 2 0. 9 (NO X) (SO 2) (NOX) 43. 4 27. 8 Type of air emissions Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear Change (so 2) 13 23 -43. 4 sulphur dioxide (so 2) Tons (nox) 84 117 -27. 8 nitrogen oxides (nox) Tons 9. 7 10. 7 (SO 2) (NOX) 13. 0 14. 5 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group increased by approximately 2. 0 yearonyear in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due toa 2. 9 yearonyear increase in production volume. Judging from total GHG emissions intensity per unit of product (Scope 1 2), we have achieved a 0. 9 yearonyear decrease, thanks to the increasing use of renewable energy on the basis of the complete elimination of coal combustion. flue gas e Mission Manage Ment In respect of atmospheric pollutant emissions, the Group has phased out coalfired boilers in all plants, achieving zero coal consumption in 2021. In addition, the Group has implemented lownitrogen combustion conversion for gasfired boilers in recent years so as to further decrease nitrogen oxides (NOX) emissions. The Group is also improving the efficiency of biogas recovery and utilization, increasing the proportion of renewable energy used, and reducing the consumption of fossil energy such as natural gas. In 2021, the Group's sulfur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emissions decreased by 43. 4 and 27. 8 yearonyear, respectively. Relevant emission data in past two years are setout as follows
70 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 80 3. 3 4. 7 80 (III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF ClIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has longterm and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on the business operations. The Group conducted researches for the life cycle of beer's carbon footprint and pilot verifications from 2016 to 2017, and also compared to those of international peers. By referring to the results of such researches, verifications and comparisons, we implemented carbon reduction measures in terms of product structure, energy structure, and raw material structure. For instance, we found out that the carbon footprint of glass bottle products of the same capacity was 80 higher than that of aluminum cans, so we gradually adjusted the product structure by gradually increasing the proportion of aluminum cans, and reducing the use of glass bottles, enhance the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the carbon impact of packaging materials. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reusable materials. In 2021, the use of glass bottles decreased by 3. 3 yearonyear, while the use of aluminum cans increased by 4. 7 yearonyear. Approximately 80 of the glass bottles used were recycled from the market. In addition, we continue to review our energy structure in order to reduce our carbon footprint in our operations, and have therefore implemented capacity and energy structure optimization projects to increase the use of clean energy as well as renewable energy. In addition, the Group actively communicated with its core suppliers and selected key suppliers of malt, glass and paper product among others to compile their applicable carbon emission calculation basic forms to initially pull the carbon emission statistics of major key suppliers. The preliminary statistical analysis of carbon emission and energy consumption of core malt suppliers has been completed in 2021.
71 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION iMPa Ct of signifi Cant Cli Mate Change on our business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chain such as the import of raw materials. Given this situation, the Procurement Department of the Group continuously conducted monitoring and risk assessment on extreme weathers. Once extreme weathers such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. To safeguard the stability of future operation and supply, the Group ensures supply sources of raw materials from various places, with a view to avoiding excessively depending on the suppliers in a single area and further improving the tenacity of supply chain for responding to climate change. On the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. To protect water resources toa maximum extent, the Group took active actions in all plants, especially the plants located in waterscarce areas, such as reducing the usage of underground water and increasing the usage of recycled water, optimizing, upgrading and modifying beer brewing processes, for the purpose of reducing water consumption during production process year by year. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to consider climate change issues as its focus in site selection process for factory and optimization of its production efficiency and include local water shortage in its assessment. The Group is actively considering and comprehensively analyzing, in a scientific way, the actual impacts of climate change which will be caused on the industry and our own future development. This action will help strengthen the management and control of the Group on climate change risks, and develop longterm, mediumterm and shortterm strategies to cope with climate change. At the same time, in line with China's 14 th Five Year Plan vision, we will formulate our plan of further reducing carbon emissions and saving resources used in our production process, taking into account the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the regulatory authorities. The Group will continue to actively implement the clean energy project, reduce the carbon footprint in whole life cycle of products, aiming at providing quality and lowcarbon products and services to consumers.
72 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 17 10 24 2. 65 (IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerned by the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. To strengthen water resources management, we formulated 17 management indicators, including reverse osmosis sewage rate, condensate water recycling rate, water recycling rate and reuse rate according to national standards, and included them in energy consumption statistics for unified supervision and calculation. water resour Ces Manage Ment To reduce the impacts of newlybuilt plants on surrounding ecological environment and water sources, the Group formulated the Production Plant Design Specifications, which required that there shall be no polluting operations and land pollution with heavy metal and radioactive substances in the area within 2 kilometers distance from the plant, with stringent monitoring on the water quality of surrounding sources, ensuring zero pollution, low energy consumption and clean production in our production. The Group paid great attention to water resources management during the process of operation in waterscarce areas to avoid excessive extraction of local water resources. In 2021, the Group has identified more precisely 10 provinces, cities and autonomous regions in the PRC that are experiencing water scarcity by making reference to the China Water Resources Bulletin 2020 published by Ministry of Water Resources of the People's Republic of China, the seventh National Population Census issued by National Bureau of Statistics, and the definitions of the World Water Forum. According to the new definition, the Group currently operates 24 plants in waterscarce areas. In recent years, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in waterscarce areas. while focusing on improving the water consumption efficiency of its plants in these areas. In 2021, the Group has shut down two inefficient plants located in waterscarce areas, namely Huludao Plant and Wuxi Plant. The average water consumption of the Group's operating plants in waterscarce areas was 2. 65 cubic metres per kilolitre output, which was lower than the Group's overall average water consumption and was an outstanding performance in the beer industry.
73 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION (CIP) (RO) 38, 781 30, 837 3. 25 2. 74 1, 500 41 380 13 1, 120 Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear Change 30, 837 29, 330 5. 1 water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 2. 74 2. 69 2. 0 water consumption intensity Cubic metres per kilolitre output The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy saving technology to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include Watersaving transformation of packaging bottle washer; Heat balance transformation of packaging sterilization machine; Steam condensate water recycling and comprehensive utilization of the whole plant, etc. Besides, we also launched various measures for water recycling, such as Recycling of selfproduced steam condensate water; Cooling recycled water from filling machine vacuum pump; Recycling of saccharified wort cooling hot water; Recycling of water from Clean in Place (CIP); Recycling of reverse osmosis (RO) concentrated water; Reuse of serial water, etc. Through the aforesaid water saving technologies and processes, the total water consumption of the Group decreased from 38, 781 thousand cubic metres in 2016 to 30, 837 thousand cubic metres in 2021; the total water intensity per kilolitre output decreased from 3. 25 cubic metres in 2016 to 2. 74 cubic metres in 2021, which is leading among the domestic industry peers and comparable to the international peers. The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 15 million cubic metres in 2016 (representing approximately 41 of the total water consumption) to over 3. 8 million cubic metres in 2021 (representing approximately 13 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 11. 20 million cubic metres. The water consumption data of the Group in 2020 and 2021 is set out as follows
74 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 2 5 (COD) pH sewage dis Charge Manage Ment In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complied with the national or local sewage discharge standards, formulated the internal control index in compliance with regulations and requirements, managed and controlled sewage discharge risks. The Group regards the environmental performance of plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, we continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. In 2021, Deyang Plant and Huludao Plant whose sewage was discharged into natural waters have been closed, while Dongcheng Plant has switched from discharging into natural waters to discharging into centralized municipal sewage treatment. To avoid sewage discharged into nature waters directly, we took various measures such as the separation of clean water and sewage, separation of rainwater and sewage in all plants. As of the end of 2021, CR Beer had only 2 plants (2020 5 plants) that discharged its sewage into natural waters. Both plants have been equipped with sewage treatment systems, and the sewage shall only be discharged into natural waters after being treated to reach the standard set locally. In addition, devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at each plant, which is connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for realtime data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision.
75 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 1, 915 1, 866 97. 4 (COD) 43. 2 31. 8 Emission type Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear Change (Cod) 879 959 -8. 4 Chemical oxygen demand (Cod) Tons 851 911 -6. 5 Cod (discharged into municipal sewers)Tons 28 49 -43. 2 Cod (discharged into natural waters) Tons 92 94 -1. 4 total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tons 91 91 -0. 6 ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers)Tons 2 2 -31. 8 ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters)Tons In 2021, the amount of sewage generated by the Group reached 19. 15 million tons, of which the amount of sewage discharged into the centralized municipal sewage treatment after initial treatment to required discharge limit at the factory was 18. 66 million tons, representing 97. 4 of the total. Benefitted from this, the amount of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and ammonia nitrogen emissions of the Group being discharged into natural waters recorded a yearonyear decrease of 43. 2 and 31. 8, respectively. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. resour Ceful utili Zation of beer waste water The Group actively promoted the resourceful utilization of beer waste water in respond to the new policy stated in National Water Pollutant Discharge Standard that sewage with better biochemical properties discharging into centralized sewage treatment facilities can apply negotiated discharging limit. Therefore, the Group has been actively enhancing the communication and cooperation between each plants and downstream sewage treatments facilities to promote the implementation of negotiated discharging limit. Negotiated discharging limit for sewage is anew policy of mutual benefit. On the one hand, it can effectively recycle brewery wastewater, reduce the cost of enterprise sewage treatment, and reduce carbon emissions. On the other hand, downstream sewage treatments facilities can reduce the addition of nutrients and save the cost of purchasing carbon source externally, which can stabilize water quality while lowering operational costs. As of the end of 2021, the subsidiary plants in Suzhou, Changzhou, Binzhou, Mianyang, Yichang and other cities had implemented negotiated discharging limit while plants in Qinhuangdao and other cities are in active communication and coordination.
76 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited At the same time, in order to regulate the risk brought by the implementation of negotiated discharging limit, the Group had formulated the CRSB Guidelines for the Implementation of Sewage Negotiated Discharging Limit, which standardizes the operation requirements and precautions in the execution process before, during, and after the implementation of Negotiated Discharging Limit. In particular, it focuses on the requirements for the evaluation of all indicators of sewage, the change of the total amount limit, and the evaluation of economic benefits. In May 2021, the Group has cooperated with China Resources Science and Tsinghua University Graduate School in Shenzhen to launch the R&Dand Demonstration of Key Technology for Industrial Sewage Treatment. The project researched on how to recycle and utilize resources according to the characteristics of brewery wastewater, aiming to reduce cost and increase efficiency. The laboratory experiment of the project has been initially completed, following with two pilot tests carried out in Foshan Plant and Yantai Plant of CR Beer. In the future, the Group will continue to sort out beer production projects, strengthen internal energy efficiency management, continue to improve water efficiency, increase water recycling, and strengthen watersaving renovations. In addition, we will continue to study the comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater effectively, turning waste into treasure and recycling resources effectively. When considering relocation and new factories construction, in addition to assessing whether the water quality indicators meet the production requirements, the Group shall pay more attention to the impact assessment of factory site selection and construction on the surrounding ecological environment. (V) PACKAGING MATERIAl AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the use of resources. The waste generated during the Group's operation mainly includes distiller's grains and waste yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, we have formulated a series of management regulations such as the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB and the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB.
77 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Aluminum Cans 0. 265 0. 260 The thickness of aluminum cans reduced from 0. 265 mm to 0. 260 mm. Cartons Use lowgram, highstrength base paper; 215 200 Promote preprinted cartons to replace offset cartons, decreasing the weight of carton from 215 grams to 200 grams; 37 82 The proportion of the use of preprinted cartons increases from 37 in the previous period to 82 in 2021. Pallets All wooden pallets andiron pallets have been replaced by plastic pallets. Glass Bottles Develop a glass recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast. Research and development on light glass bottle to reduce weight, energy consumption and carbon emission. 330 17 18 Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear change 6, 436 6, 655 -3. 3 glass bottle 1, 000 tons 114 109 4. 7 aluminum Can 1, 000 tons 326 300 8. 6 Carton 1, 000 tons 12 12 -2. 5 Plastic film 1, 000 tons 80 20 redu Ce the out Put of Pa Ckaging Materials On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been labouring to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows In 2021, the Group successfully carried out the production and use test of the 330 milliliters Heineken lightweight bottle in the Jiashan Plant. Under the premise of ensuring the quality and capacity of the beer bottle remain unchanged, the lightweight beer bottle of this project achieved a 17 reduction in bottle weight with energy consumption and carbon emissions per unit of beer bottle decreased by 18. The data on the Group's consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are setout as follows Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, we increase the recycling of glass bottles put them into use again after cleaning and disinfection. Approximately 80 of the glass bottles used by the Group in 2021 were recycled and approximately 20 were newly purchased. Some of the yearonyear changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data.
78 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 80 3. 3 4. 7 100 49 47 800 Among the packing materials currently used by the Group, caps, cans and cartons are all recyclable materials; glass bottles are reusable materials. We cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. Considering carbon footprint of glass bottle products of the same volume was 80 higher than that of aluminum cans, the Group has gradually adjusted to use more aluminum cans to replace glass bottle packaging. In 2021, the use of glass bottles decreased by 3. 3 yearonyear and the use of aluminum cans increased by 4. 7 yearonyear. In addition, for the packaging materials that fails topass the internal quality control, the plant recycles 100 of the discarded aluminum cans, glass slags and waste cartons, and puts them back into the production process to achieve zero waste in the production process. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group's strategic promotion of highquality product, the Group has further improved its quality control system for the recycling glass bottle in whole flow. Various initiatives such as refining the standards for recycled bottles, carrying out extended quality management on recycled bottles, promoting the establishment of the capillarytype rapid bottlereturning channels and replacing bag packaging with innovative polypropylene box for returning transportation are promoted and implemented effectively. By making full use of recyclable glass bottles incompliance with regulations with the help of abovementioned initiatives, the Group has effectively reduced the use of glass bottles and lowered down the quality degradation during the recycling flow, which in turn reduces material and energy waste caused by use of beer bottle. We also actively encourage suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, we require upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. In 2021, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group's imported malt using individual packaging continued to decrease from 49 in 2020 to 47, saving a total of 8 million packaging bags.
79 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 98. 0 99. 4 2 Unit 2021 2020 Yearonyear change 1, 521. 6 1, 486. 9 2. 3 general solid waste production 1, 000 tons 1, 513. 0 1, 449. 0 4. 4 integrated use of solid waste utilization 1, 000 tons 99. 4 97. 5 2 general solid waste integrated utilization rate 2 point 280. 4 288. 6 100 4. 2 2. 5 0. 8 EHS 100 2021 2020 Type of recyclable waste Unit Output Recycling rate Output Recycling rate 185 100 169 100 dried distiller's grains 1, 000 tons 16 100 16 100 dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tons solid waste and ha Zardous waste Manage Ment The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14 th Five Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2021, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group was 99. 4, representing an increase of 2 percentage points over the same period last year. The relevant data is as follows There is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group's production process. The Group generated approximately 280. 4 tons (2020 288. 6 tons) of hazardous waste in 2021, all of which were entrusted to external professional agencies for environmentally friendly disposal in accordance with relevant national requirements. We continue to promote environmental protection and recycling to reuse the materials generated in brewing process. In 2021, the recycle rate of dried distiller's grains and dried waste yeasts remained stable at 100. Recycling not only reduces the generation of wastes but also creates an economic value of approximately RMB 420 million for the Group, of which the recycled distiller's grains and waste yeast contribute RMB 250 million and RMB 80 million respectively. We strive to achieve 100 recycle rate of dried distiller's grain and dried waste yeast in period of the 14 th Five Year Plan under the EHS management. The data of recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows
80 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (GPS) Pro Perly dis Pose of wastes In 2021, the Group formulated the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB inaccordance with the newly amended Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes to manage solid wastes more effectively. The Group's waste reduction efforts mainly follow the principles of reduction, resourcefulness and harmlessness. We have implemented green operation model covering entire process from procurement to sale. The units for hazardous waste treatment, disposal and transport were selected through public tender by which the units with relevant capacity were selected conduct disposal and transport, and the transfer registration was made inaccordance with relevant laws and regulations of the country. In order to effectively monitor the transport process and the final disposal location, factories adopted Global Positioning System (GPS) positioning on transport vehicles, sampling in the transport process, route tracking, etc. to carry out sampling regulation, with an aim to ensure the appropriate disposal of wastes. In addition, we continue to implement the Regulations on the Management of Byproducts and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes shall be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, we meet the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling distiller's grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. We also encourage the vendors to install drying equipment, so that distiller's grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried to prevent pollution of the environment. In order to ensure that disposal is compliant with pertinent regulations, we also check and verify the process of solid waste disposal on a monthly basis, and are committed to achieving managed and supervised closedloop control and management of waste and obsolete material recycling. (VI) PROMOTION AND EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAl PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group carried out series of online training programs and charity events at all levels within the companies in 2021, such as Organized environmental protection publicity and education events such as Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Lowcarbon Day; Organized online training in special environmental inspections, environmental monitoring management measures and systems, environmental risk identification and filling process, environmental inspection, etc.
81 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff 382 24 725 2, 200 Fora long time, the Group has been committed to promoting community caring charity affairs, and have paid attention to the community development in several fields including disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion and environmental protection. In 2021, upholding the responsibility and concept of Brewing a Better Life, the Group, on the basis of existing implementation rules for charitable activities and social responsibility management system, encouraged employees to engage in community caring activities, bringing green and harmonious development to the environment and society while enhancing stakeholders value. In 2021, the Group continued to follow 382 key indicators for social responsibility, of which 24 key indicators were for community caring, and encouraged each unit of the Group to carry out community caring actions in accordance with the guidelines. In 2021, the Group conducted charity events for the entire year, with poverty support, rescue and donation and pandemic prevention as their core. A total of 725 volunteers participated and 2, 200 hours recorded for volunteer events. (I) SOCIAl WElFARE In disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion and environmental protection, the Group has been promoting social charity affairs and has actively paid attention to the community development. In 2021, the Group encouraged each internal unit to carry out various types of project, including Care for Leftbehind Children Project of Qiannan Plant; Environmental Day and Safety Month promotional event at Yilan Plant; Anshan Sales Region organized a Warmth Dedication event to donate warm clothes and food to Gangcheng sanitation workers; Fujian Regional Company commenced a series of public welfare activities, including Learn from Lei Feng volunteer service, community cleaning, blood donation, antipandemic volunteer service, etc.; Harbin Plant and Anti Fraud Center of Shangzhi City Public Security Bureau jointly launched a prevention publicity on telecom and internet scam.
82 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited POVERTY AllEVIATION AND EDUCATION SUPPORT ACTIVITY 12, 000 The Group supported the Fushun City Jusha Charity Red Cross Volunteer Services Team and commenced a poverty and education support activity, with donation of RMB 12, 000, awarded the Special Contribution Award by Fushun City Jusha Social Services Centre. FIGHTING FlOOD AND HElPING RESCUING 9, 550 In July 2021, Henan Province was affected by serious flood. The Yuncheng factory in Henan actively commence the donation event for flood prevention and rescue and donated in total RMB 9, 550. Moreover, Jinzhou Catering Business Department under Liaoning Sales and Marketing Center established Snow Jinzhou Volunteer Services Team, who cooperated with the local Eaglet Volunteer Services Team, to offer assistance in rescue in Henan Province. lOVE BlOOD DONATION 27 On the occasion of the Lei Fung s Memorial Day in 2021, the Shenyang factory announced the voluntary blood donation love initiative and organized a total of 27 people to take part in the voluntary blood donation event, in order to help people in need.
83 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (II) COMMUNITY COMMUNICATION AND ENGAGEMENT In addition to operating beer business, the Group still upholds the concept of localized operation and strives to promote local economy and improve the employment of local residents to achieve joint community construction. In response to the national policy, the Group launched a series of employment programs under the pressure of the pandemic, to solve local employment problems caused by pandemic and boost the economic recovery. In 2021, the construction of CR Snow headquarters and CR Snow beer town construction project had been commenced. There have been relocation and construction projects and capacity upgrade projects in plants including Bengbu, Liangshan, Hangzhou, Qiannan, Hunan and Xiamen. These production projects are expected to help recruiting local employees and migrant workers to return to their hometowns for employment. In addition, the Group has also carried out oncampus recruitment in recent years, recruiting local fresh graduates and local personnel, which not only promotes the employment of university students and locals, but also attracts talents for the Group's business development. Besides, we actively cooperated with local universities and colleges to improve local residents vocational skills and increase their employment opportunities through academic and employment support, and professional skills training. ONCAMPUS RECRUITMENT 2022 28 11, 599 The 2022 autumn oncampus recruitment of CR Snow has ended successfully with 28 colleges and universities visited and 11, 599 resumes received, which is expected to attract more fresh blood and bring more vitality to the Group.
84 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e (III) PREVENTION AND CONTROl OF COVID 19 In view of the COVID 19, the Group released early warning information of the pandemic, initiated emergency response and actively organized effective response. The pandemic decisionmaking team setup by the Group continues to maintain strict supervision, clarifies all units and departments responsibility and measures to ensure an effective leadership, and improves the prevention and control system as well as supervision and management system, continuing to strictly and seriously carry out its antipandemic duties and ensuring the implementation of allround antipandemic prevention and control work. The Group not only convenes regular work meetings, but also follows up on the latest development of the pandemic, analyzes the situation, coordinates and oversees the implementation of the pandemic prevention work by all units and departments. In response to the challenges imposed by the pandemic, the Group has established a normalized pandemic management mechanism of preventing imported cases and internal spreading, in order to prevent imported infection and outbreak in communities. We formulated a detailed mechanism in accordance with the latest national policy announcements. In combination with local policies and actual conditions, the Group conducts health management for staff returning to work and implements normalized pandemic prevention and control measures, effectively promoting smooth resumption of work and production in all units of the Group and reducing the risk of spreading. Meanwhile, the Group still implements a flexible working system to avoid the staff gathering in the commuting and office space and allows certain employees working in remote offices due to the pandemic. We care about the mental health of employees under pandemic by providing mental health counseling through the internal R work e Resources Mind Workshop module. e INDUSTRYEDUCATION INTEGRATION, SCHOOlENTERPRISE COOPERATION In 2021, the Group cooperated with institutions including Jilin University, Huazhong Agricultural University, Hubei Normal University, Zhejiang Gongshang University and Yangtze University, organized students for onsite education tours at the plants under CRSB. The Group is proud to flourish as a social practice base for university students, promoting CRSB culture and attracting quality talents at the same time.
85 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 500 30, 000 The Group is committed to creating a working environment for its employees that meets the national occupational safety and health standard and the requirements of hygiene, and it deems pandemic prevention support measures as a necessary work for each department and regularly procures antipandemic medical supplies. Also, during the pandemic, we confirm the list of supplies for pandemic prevention to actively provide employees with necessary masks and disinfectants, ensuring a sufficient and safe protection for employees. The Group strengthens the sanitation management of various office areas, manufacturing sites and public areas, and arranges for speciallyassigned personnel to carry out sterilisation and disinfection every day to ensure a clean and tidy working environment for staff. At the same time, the Group publicizes pandemic prevention knowledge, teaches protective skills, and improves employees awareness of selfprotection through the combination of online and offline methods. In 2021, in addition to the strict implementation of the internal pandemic prevention work, the Group also encourage employees to participate in volunteer activities and actively participate in community pandemic prevention work. For example, the Dalian Plant of the Group has taken the employees who participated in pandemic prevention volunteer activities as normal attendance to work and issued order of commendation accordingly. At the same time, all subsidiaries of the Group also donated antipandemic materials and living support materials to health and antipandemic departments across the country, establishing a responsible and reliable corporate image. Among which, the Ganqinghai Tibet regional company of the Group organized the Love in Jincheng, Fight against the Pandemic Together antipandemic material donation activity in October 2021, donating 500 sets of medical protective clothing and other materials which amounted to RMB 30, 000 to Anning District, Lanzhou City. That company was therefore awarded the honorary title of Enterprise Devoted to the Fight against the Pandemic by Lanzhou Anning District Charity Association due to its contribution to the local community.
86 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedAPPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A A Environmental a 1 emission General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 305 GRI 307 307 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 305 Emissions Management approach disclosures guidance GRI 307 Environmental Compliance Disclosure 307 16380 A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions information. GRI 305 305 1, 305 2, 305 3 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 6869, 7475 A 1. 2 1 2 Direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 305 305 1, 305 2, 305 3 305 4 GRI 305 Emissions Disclosures 305 1, 305 2, 305 3, 305 468 A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 306 2(a) GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosure 306 2(a)7980 A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 306 306 2(b) GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosure 306 2(b)79 A 1. 5 Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 305 GRI 305 1. 2 305 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 305 Emissions) GRI 305 Emissions Clause 1. 2 and Disclosure 305 519, 6669, 7476 A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 306 GRI 306 306 2 306 4 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosures 306 2 and 306 419, 65, 7980
87 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number a 2 use of resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, and GRI 303 Water)6380 A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI 302 302 1 302 3 GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 3021 and 302367 A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). NA 73 A 2. 3 Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 302 GRI 302 302 4 302 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 302 Energy) GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 519, 6669 A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 303 GRI 303 303 3 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 303 Water) GRI 303 Water Disclosure 303 319, 7276 A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. GRI 301 301 1 GRI 301 Materials Disclosure 301 17678 a 3 the environment and natural resources General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 304 GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Effluents and Waste). 6680 A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 103 103 1 103 2 GRI 301 GRI 302 GRI 303 GRI 304 GRI 305 GRI 306 GRI 303 303 2 GRI 304 304 2 GRI 306 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 1 and 103 2 (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 303 Water Disclosure 303 2 GRI 304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2 GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosures 306 3(c) and 306 56680
88 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number a 4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 201 )GRI 102 10229 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 1032 (ci) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance)GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosure 102296671 A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. GRI 201 2012 GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change. 6671 B. B. Social b 1 employment General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and ( b ) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 202 GRI 401 GRI 405 GRI 406 GRI 419 419 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (ci) (used together with GRI 202 Market Presence, GRI 401 Employment, GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity, GRI 406 Nondiscrimination) GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 14651 B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fulltime or parttime), age group and geographical region. GRI 102 102 8(a), 102 8(b) 102 8(c)GRI 405 405 1(bii) GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosures 102 8(a), 102 8(b), and 102 8(c) GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Disclosure 405 1(bii)4950 B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. GRI 401 401 1(b) GRI 401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)50 b 2 health and safety General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 403 GRI 419 419 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety) GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 15962
89 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI 403 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 259 B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. GRI 403 403 2 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 260 B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 103 103 2 103 3(ai) GRI 403 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 and 103 3(ai) (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety)5962 b 3 development and training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 404 GRI 404 404 2(a) GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 404 Training and Education) GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 2(a)5458 B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). GRI 404 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 157 B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. GRI 404 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 158 b 4 labour standards General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 419 419 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 148
90 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 408 408 1(c)GRI 409 409 1(b) GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 408 Child Labour Disclosure 408 1(c)GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour Disclosure 409 1(b)48 B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 408 GRI 409 GRI 408 408 1(c)GRI 409 409 1(b) GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 408 Child Labour and GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI 408 Child Labour Disclosure 408 1(c)GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labour Disclosure 4091(b)48 b 5 supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment)3742 B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. GRI 102 102 9 GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosure 102 939 B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 103 103 2 GRI 308 GRI 414 GRI 308 308 1 308 2 GRI 414 414 1 414 2 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosures 308 1 and 308 2 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosures 414 1 and 414 23742
91 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number b 6 Product responsibility General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 416 GRI 417 GRI 418 GRI 416 416 2 GRI 417 417 2 417 3 GRI 418 418 1 GRI 419 419 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling, and GRI 418 Customer Privacy) GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2 GRI 417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosures 417 2 and 417 3 GRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 12529, 3337 B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. NA 29 B 6. 2 Number of products and servicerelated complaints received and how they are dealt with. GRI 102 102 43 102 44 GRI 103 103 2(cvi)GRI 418 418 1 GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosures 102 43 and 102 44 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(cvi) GRI 418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 13536 B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. NA 31, 33 B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. NA 2529 B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 103 103 2 103 3(ai) GRI 418 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 2 and 103 3(ai) (used together with GRI 418 Customer Privacy)3537
92 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number b 7 anticorruption General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 205 GRI 205 205 3 GRI 419 419 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption) GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 3 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 14345 B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. GRI 205 205 3 GRI 205 Anticorruption Disclosure 205 345 B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI 102 102 17 GRI 103 103 2 103 3(ai) GRI 205 GRI 205 1. 2 GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosure 102 17 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 2 and 103 3(ai) (used together with GRI 205 Anticorruption) GRI 205 Anticorruption Clause 1. 24345 B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 413 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 413 Local Communities)44 b 8 Community investment General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI 103 103 2(ci) GRI 413 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(ci) (used together with GRI 413 Local Communities)8185 B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). GRI 203 203 1(a) GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)32, 8185 B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GRI 201 201 1(aii) GRI 201 Economic Performance Disclosure 2011(aii)8182, 85
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2021 j 2 6 2 3 2301&231 0 j 85223609722 j 85228740280 jwww. crbeer. com. hk jinfo crb. cn Address Room 2301 & 2310, 23 F., China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Tel 85223609722 Fax 85228740280 Website www. crbeer. com. hk Email info crb. cn
