1 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ESG Index of HKEX 72 Care for Health Alleviating Poverty in the Countryside Combating COVID 19 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Employee Growth Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Superior Quality Premium Services Harnessing Digital Power Corporate Governance Risk Control Tackling Corruption 16 16 1832 46 4966 67 70 54 56 57 59 6022 25 28 About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 02 04 06 10 Table of Contents Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Devotion to Philanthropic Causes Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 1 3 5 2 4
02 03 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report This report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, and promote balanced and sustainable development. The business plans, development strategies and other forwardlooking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors. About This Report Reporting Period This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2021, with some parts earlier or later than the time above. Reporting Scope It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries. The scope of the subsidiaries is consistent with that in our financial reports. Data Sources Reporting Reference Data in this report comes from internal statistics, documents, reports, thirdparty investigations and interviews. The currency unit is RMB (yuan). This report was prepared inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) and in particular with its comply or explain requirements regarding the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). Reporting Entity Access to this report Form of Report For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report. The electronic version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www. feihe. com. Download this report by following the steps below Open the official website of Feihe, following under Investor Relations, Disclosure, Environmental, Social and Governance Report. This report is available in traditional Chinese, and English. Incase of inconsistency, please refer to the traditional Chinese version as it shall prevail. About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
04 05 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report As 2021 ended, the coronavirus is continuing to gain pace, the world economy is struggling to recover from the pandemic, the international situation is ravaged by conflict, extreme weather happens regularly, and the global supply chain risks are heightening. In the face of the profound changes in the living environment, competition landscape and logic of growth, every responsible economy and individual is more looking to and committed to building a sustainable and highquality development path to a better and green new future than in the past. At China Feihe, which is about to celebrate its 60 th anniversary, we stick to the original aspiration of revitalizing Chinese dairies and protecting the milk for Chinese babies, and adhere to longtermism and sustainability. Hence, we reached the business goal set for 2021, further reinforced the industrial ecology, and fulfilled social responsibility with the excellent quality and warmth which Chinese brands have. Feihe pursues the value of mother's career and future career, and provides highquality products and services for mothers and infants with conscience and ingenuity. In 2021, we joined hands with 12 academicians and experts in the industry and cooperated with top universities and institutions to jointly build a number of highlevel research platforms integrating production, university, research and application. We improved the research theoretical system which evidences More Suitable for Chinese Babies and refined the fresher and more suitable milk powder formula and technology. We promoted the digital upgrading of the whole industry value chain, built the example as a worldclass smart factory, and pioneered the secondclass manufacturing monitoring and management; we have developed a brandnew smart supply chain, comprehensively increased the digital collaboration with the external ecosystem, and quickly integrated the online and offline resources. We have continued to consolidate and expand the integrated industrial cluster of agriculture, dairy and manufacturing; we further combined highquality milk sources upstream, and have reserves of milk sources for cow milk and goat milk, which provides a solid supply of highquality products, and basically stable development. Facing the future, we have reformed the Group's organizational system, improved strategic decisionmaking and organizational management mechanisms, and improved the capability and execution efficiency of corporate governance. Chinese enterprises have opened the era of green Message from the Chairman development against the backdrop of the national strategy of carbon neutrality and carbon peaking. As a leader and pioneer in the industry, Feihe firmly prioritises ecological, green, and lowcarbon sustainable development. In terms of production, we vigorously promote the coaltogas project in plants, and use clean energy to reduce emissions; we are the first in the industry to establish the factoryinfactory model, which effectively reduces transportation costs, and lowers energy consumption and exhaust emissions. We introduce the Biological Natural Gas and Organic Fertiliser Recycling and Comprehensive Utilization Project; we make biomethane and organic fertiliser with straw and cow manure as raw materials, treat and recycle straw and manure harmlessly, and create a template of the closedloop green ecological model across the whole industry value chain. In 2021, Feihe was listed as an excellent casein the Blue Book of Corporate Philanthropy (2021) issued by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and included in the first Basic Textbook on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) in China. Amid steady and green development, Feihe has always adhered to the corporate spirit of Doing our Best to Repay the Society, actively assumed the social responsibilities and delivered brand value and warmth. We have continued the charitable activities such as education assistance, support to the underdeveloped, aid to disasterhit areas, caring for mothers and infants and pandemic control. We have donated more than RMB 500 million to all sectors of society. We leverage the advantages of the whole industrial cluster to become the regional economic powerhouse by driving the shared prosperity of partners upstream and downstream, boosting local economic development, increasing people's income, and adding value and protection of blackland. In 2021, Feihe won the 11 th National China Charity Awards issued by the Ministry of Civil Affairs; we are rated as 2021 Responsible Enterprise by China News Agency and China News Weekly; we were granted the Leading Enterprise for Fulfilling the Social Responsibility at the 19 th China Food Safety Conference. For our shared future, our power in strategy, technology, products, channels, organizations and digitization strongly convinces us that we can confidently meet challenges, keep our integrity and innovate with the times, and lead the industry to forge ahead in anew journey. We will enhance our core competitiveness, and continue to consolidate our research advantages in breast milk, infant and child nutrition and health in China; we will promote the research of precise nutrition in the full life cycle, and develop energy products more suitable for Chinese people for the needs of consumers and channels. We will build a strong growth platform, create a new model of allchannel operation, and intelligently evolve to and transform towards digital supply, production, consumption and service. We will more comprehensively and thoroughly implement and promote the sustainability strategy. Whether combining planting and breeding or during production and processing, or to consumers and services, we practice the carbon neutrality and peaking action across the whole chain and process and build a sustainable supply chain to form a closed loop of green, lowcarbon and cycling development. We will embrace the digital changes in greater depth, and further upgrade the digitization and intelligence; we will continue to reduce costs, improve quality and efficiency, and build a supply chain of smart and fresh value. We will create a new industrial ecology, which closely connects partners upstream and downstream for shared social value and social responsibility, and jointly drive the highquality and sustainable development of the industry. 2022 marks the 60 th anniversary of the establishment of Feihe. We will follow the core values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving winwin outcomes and excellence, practice the mission of bringing joy and health to families, and strive tobe a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families. We will forge ahead to Feihe's centennial, and show the spirit of the times and the powerful image of Chinese brands in the revitalization of Chinamade milk. Leng Youbin Chairman May 2022 About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
06 07 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About Feihe Company Profile Seeing our Efforts Rewarded Feihe, which was established in 1962 and based in Qiqihar, in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feihe is among China's longestoperating dairy brands. In November 2019, we were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and registered the biggest IPO in the formula milk industry. Over the past 60 years, we have been a pacesetter and innovator improving techniques, processes, and formulas in the manufacturing of milk powder for infants and toddlers in China. We thoroughly study the nutritional elements of breast milk and determine which are vital to babies' growth. The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children. Feihe built the first integrated industrial cluster in the baby formula sector. We now control everything from planting forage, processing fodder for cows, raising cows at scale and manufacturing milk to aftersales service. We have achieved targets for 2020 -asper the government's Dairy Industry Rejuvenation Guidelines in terms of forageplanting, private farm construction and the selfsufficiency rate of raw milk. One hundred percent of our baby formula is made from our farms' fresh raw milk. We are consumeroriented, put actions before words, seek winwin outcomes and have an endless passion for excellence. Embedded in our DNA since our inception, these core values continue to guide our journey. Our employees understand their responsibilities and work hard to fulfill them, day in, day out. By studying the nutritional components of breast milk, we focused on manufacturing better formulas for Chinese babies. We are a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert that brings joy and health to families. Going forward, we will sharpen our strategic positioning of More Suitable for Chinese Babies. Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was awarded the Star of Good Faith 2020 Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as Top 10 Business Integrity Examples 2021 11 th China Charity Awards The Responsible Enterprise in 2021 the Summit Forum on CSR in China First Prize of Technological Progress Award of China Dairy Industry Association Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as National Outstanding Professional and Technical Talent Science and Technology Award by 2021 China General Chamber of Commerce Aiben milk powder series for adults won the R&D Innovation Breakthrough Award of China Glycemic index (G)I International Conference Big Data Driven Innovative Application Project was listed into the 2021 Big Data Industry Development Pilot Demonstration Project of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Society Innovation Digitization Our Vision Our Values Our Mission Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Bring joy and health to families Putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving winwin outcomes and excellence About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
08 09 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Key performances in 2021 Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Devotion to Philanthropic Causes Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Assisted the pasture to complete Completed reported a revenue of Achieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system certificationreviewed pasture management in Canada factories in Chinaimprovement projects improvement projects through the pillarsexternal internal ones 5110 37 69 RMB 49. 41 million fully covered with intelligent systems 2 factories 6 2027 Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 50 of factories earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certifications Donated RMB 16. 047 million in 2021 Increased the value of more than 1 million mu of farmland in the province Donated RMB 176 million of globally top medical equipment to 11 hospitals in Gannan, Kedong and other countiesboosted the income of Invested more than RMB 24 million in Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviationbenefited 1, 466 people with eye diseases Donated RMB 2. 93 million to the eye charities activity Saved 6, 921. 71 tce of energy with energyefficient projects Held 90 plus campus fairs and job fairs Imported 53 managers or above level Saved 167, 400 tons of water with waterefficient projects 13 activities on Environmental Protection Dayattracting 2, 386 employeerecruited 184 management trainees 92 were professional and technical talents 33 hold master's degree and above 6 were doctors 150, 000 farmers created 150, 000 jobs Invested RMB 425 million in R&Dwith 105 patents authorised Helped more than 400 employeesdistributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 million Women accounted for 44. 9 of our employees 39. 8 of the management 100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks 100 of employees were subject to safety traininginvested RMB 18. 7325 million in workplace safety Trained 100 of employeeswith 51. 2 hours per personsuppliers passed the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC subsidiaries widely used WCM for production About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
10 11 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Sustainability Management Philosophy of Sustainability Communication with Stakeholders Feihe has incorporated responsibility and commitment into the DNA of its corporate development and attaches great importance to sustainable development management. With the values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving winwin outcomes and excellence, we pursue sustainability in five key areas quality innovation; shared industry prosperity; ecological cycle; peopleoriented responsibility; love and care. We form a sustainable development model led by the principle of more suitable, help harmoniously balance economic, environmental and social benefits, and work together with all stakeholders to move towards the future of sustainable development. The communication and engagement of stakeholders are an important part of realizing sustainable development. As we press ahead with our ESG goals, the concerns and demands of stakeholders area high priority on our agenda. We continuously improve the stakeholder management mechanism, maintain communication with stakeholders through diversified channels, and regularly understand the suggestions and feedback of stakeholders. We incorporate them into corporate governance and improve the Company's sustainability management over time. Sustainable Development Model Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Vision Mission Bring joy and health to families Values Brand Positioning Action Principle Key Areas Putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving winwin outcomes and keep improving China Feihe, more suitable for Chinese babies Seeking sustainability in a more suitable way Taking on more suitable responsibilities with our best to benefit society Creating more suitable overall value to meet the needs and expectations of all stakeholders Quality innovation Shared industry prosperity Ecological cycle Peopleoriented care Love and responsibility Governments and regulators Operate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on time Accept supervision and assessment Participate in meetings and training organised by government and industry associations Shareholders and investors Improve returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market value Convene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular announcements Organise investor relations activities Consumers Produce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication channels Conduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualised traceability across the industry Industry chain partners Abide by business ethics Seek winwin outcomes for shared growth Communicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peers Engage in fair competition Boost the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research with universities Environmentalists Protect the environment Use resources responsibly Build green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions Employees Safeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a worklife balance Build a multitiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees Communities Boost local economies Engage with the community Help those in need Provide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babies Main stakeholders Expectations and demands Our responses About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
12 13 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Materiality Assessment Board Statement To prepare this report, we follow the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide Main Board Listing Rules in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX, actively interact and communicate with all stakeholders, and make comparing analyses of topics as disclosed in the ESG report of companies of the same industry. We identify the material ESG issues to define the boundary of this report. The process was as follows Feihe attaches importance to the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that are crucial to our sustainability with a commitment to highlevel corporate governance; we strive to align ourselves to the best international and local corporate governance practices for the interests of shareholders, other investors, customers, suppliers, employees and the public. The Board of Directors is the highest decisionmaker responsible for ESG matters. It takes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reports, formulates and reviews policies and routine matters related to sustainability aswell as the environment, social and corporate governance. Also, it oversees important ESG matters that may affect the Company's business or operation and the rights and interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board of Directors evaluates, judges and ranks substantive issues that have a significant impact on the Company, discusses and determines sustainability priorities based on the external sustainability environment and the company's development strategy; it plays the regulatory role to review the progress and supervise the implementations. This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2021 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2022. In 2021, we reviewed the substantive topics and reassessed, analysed and adjusted them in combination with the macro policy and directions of sustainability, aswell as our significant strategic direction and the demands of stakeholders, so as to better respond to the sustainability trend and the demands of stakeholders. The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2021 are determined as follows Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2021 Importance to stakeholders Importance to the Company Low Medium High 751 6 92 4 3 Social issues Environmental issues Nineteen issues concerning the environment, labour, operations, communities and, corporate governance were identified. They were collected from abroad range of sources, including the HKEX ESG Guide, GRI Standards, internal policies and strategies, peer practices and an ESG rating system. Questionnaires were distributed to stakeholders, including employees, suppliers, consumers, investors, distributors, governments, regulators, community representatives, partners, industry associations and the media. They were asked to evaluate the significance of the identified issues. Senior management assessed the impact of the identified issues on our core business segments. The issues were ranked based on their significance to stakeholders and to the stakeholder and to Feihe. This ranking was represented in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclosure. Identify relevant issues 1 Evaluate impact on operations 3 Research significance 2 Rank the issues 4 Governance issues About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management High Medium Low Workplace safety Protection of Food Safety Premium services Legitimacy and compliance Workplace safety R&Dand innovation Anticorruption Occupational health Supply chain management Protection of employees' rights and interests Waste management Employee training and growth Caring about employees Water management Energy conservation and emission reduction Boosting local communities Response to climate change Ecological conservation Promoting health education Charity activities 1 2 43 75 6 98 10 12 13201916 1817 11 14 158 10 12 13 19 17 16 18141115 20
14 15 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Corporate Governance 1 Risk Control Tackling Corruption Compliance Operations Compliance is the cornerstone of the steady operation of a company and plays a very important role in increasing corporate value. We focus on corporate compliance governance and attach high importance risk management and internal control. Under the criterion of national laws and regulations and domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, we further implement systems and take improved antirisk prevention and control measures. We also enhance the integrity and improves our modern governance system and capacity.
16 17 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCorporate Governance Risk Control We follow laws and regulations in the places we operate, including the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and Cayman Islands Companies Law, and all applicable provisions of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX. We build a management structure including decisionmakers, supervisors and executive personnel, which also specifies their respective responsibility, leading to an effective check and balance. Feihe places importance on corporate risk control. Under the improved risk management policies, we inspect internal control and identify and resist operational risks in multiple dimensions. By summarizing the operation practices, we deal with the possible risks in production and operation in terms of risk management and audit to improve the risk control points in each business. Our Board of Directors comprises eleven directors, including four executive directors, three nonexecutive directors and four independent nonexecutive directors, who are independent of holding shareholders in the areas of management, operations and finance. Beneath the board is the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee and Nomination Committee. They take charge of management matters. The board's responsibilities are determined asper our amended and restated memorandum and Articles of Association. The board implements resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders, formulates development strategies and investment plans, evaluates our governance, risk management and internal controls, and ensures we follow and practice relevant laws and regulations. The Company has formulated appropriate policies and strategies to review the effectiveness of the risk control system, and the Audit Committee is responsible for the risk management and internal control system. In the risk control system, our Crisis Management System of Feihe Dairy prioritises risk prevention and focuses on early warnings, the crisis management system clarifies the responsibilities of crisis management organization. The crisis management team defuses risks and, should crises occur, we examine the damage they cause and draw lessons to avoid them in the future. Our Basic Guidelines for Internal Control defines the organization and responsibilities in the three lines of defense. In 2021, we further established the implementation strategy, including the risk classification standards, the risk assessment standards, the quarterly process of risk identification, and risk response. It also defined the departmental responsibilities in the three lines of defense for the closedloop management. Risk Control System Classify the risk events in 2021, and deal with them with different strategies and closedloop management methods. Regularly monitor the implementation to ensure that the risk is under control. Risk assessment and response Build a companywide framework for strategic risk, market risk, operational risk, financial risk and legal risk, covering 34 primary risks, 125 secondary risks and 279 tertiary risks. Collect bimonthly risk events under the risk framework from all employees, the first line of defense, and improve their risk awareness. Risk identification We have an internal control system and an internal audit system for corporate governance. Our Management Rules of Authorised Approval, Basic Guidelines for Internal Control and Evaluation Methods for Internal Control ensure the internal control system effectively runs in daily management. To guide and avoid violations, our Reward and Punishment Management System of Feihe Dairy links the violations of departments or personnel to the performance appraisal to prevent the moral hazard among employees. In 2021, we comprehensively updated the detailed list of approval authority of each system in the rules, clarified leaders' responsibility for their businesses with more responsibility in the process, and established a more standardised and proper approval process and authority. In addition, we revised the internal control system in terms of supplier management, intangible asset management, intellectual property protection, information confidentiality, etc. We evaluated the current internal control and preliminarily identified risks in product innovation, marketing, supplier selection and contract, and information security. In this way, we established the internal control process framework, and systematically implemented the internal control management system indifferent fields. In terms of an internal audit system, our Audit System of Feihe Dairy specifies that directors, senior managers, functional departments, whollyowned or holding companies and jointstock companies with significant influence should be audited and supervised, and sets punishments for violations at different levels. On the basis of the internal audit, in order to further strengthen the supervision of the company's internal control and improve the objective independence and professional level of supervision, the company hired a thirdparty internal control consultant to review the relevant internal control measures in the main business processes to ensure their effectiveness, explore the deficiencies in the system and identify improvement opportunities, put forward suggestions on remedial measures and review the implementation and implementation of measures. Audit and Supervision
18 19 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXTackling Corruption Feihe rigorously follows laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, the Intra Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China. Our Anti Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures For Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy prevent or penalise illegal behaviour such as corruption and moneylaundering. Anticorruption has been added as a metric for assessing our overall performance and that of our subsidiaries, to encourage all employees to behave properly and legally. The Company continues to promote anticorruption systems, promises to operate in good faith, and maintains a clean and upright business environment; we establish integrity supervision for clean operation and healthy development. Our Audit and Internal Control Center is a permanent anticorruption department, responsible for the daily oversight of the headquarters and subsidiaries. Our Anti Fraud System of Feihe Dairy stipulates types of behaviour deemed corrupt for suppliers and distributors and outlines penalties for corruption. We intend that, with the implementation of the system, employees and partners will be deterred, unable and unwilling to engage in corruption, and will uphold the integrity of which we are proud. The Company imposes internal economic and or administrative punishment on fraud depending on the seriousness and transfers the suspects to the judicial authority. Our Audit Management System has made clear the behaviors and punishments of corruption events for suppliers and distributors. The Company's reporting system protects informants. To offer more reporting channels, a sound internal complaint mechanism, with methods for implementation and oversight, prevents personnel from engaging in fraud and corruption. Employees and partners can report cases via hotline, email and letter. On receiving a complaint, we begin a review and set up a taskforce to investigate. The taskforce collects evidence, files a report, follows up and provides feedback. The personal information of informants and investigators is kept strictly confidential. In 2021, we handled cases of corruptionrelated violations, involving fake expenses, dereliction of duty by executives, and underthetable transactions with distributors. The offenders were penalised appropriately. Anticorruption Promotion No one will dare tobe corrupt No one is able tobe corrupt No one wants tobe corrupt Antifraud responsibilities of Audit and Internal Control Center Investigate fraud cases; Submit handling opinions and report to the management, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors; Engage all functional departments and subsidiaries in annual fraud risk assessment and selfassessment; Accept whistleblows on fraud; Publish antifraud prevention. The Company attaches great importance to the integrity education of employees and stakeholders. The anticorruption and antibribery training raises our employees' awareness of compliance. We aim to guide employees and stakeholders to do business with integrity, honesty and transparency. In 2021, we invited distributors from large regions, provinces, and districts and key customers to participate in online policy and compliance training to implement the policies. In 2021, we hosted 27 strategy lectures on implementing an annual audit management system and special training on distributor anticorruption, to educate our directors, executives, employees and distributors. Preliminarily examine the reporting, e. g. whether the informant has evidence, clues and sources, to judge the feasibility to investigate and audit. The taskforce analyses the key evidence, determines the investigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval. The taskforce verifies and investigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evidence. Determine whether the person or unit being reported against has violations of laws, regulations and disciplines, use applicable systems and laws, and prepare an investigation report according to the evidence. Report the investigation results of fraud cases to the management and the Board of Directors respectively as the nature of the reporting maybe. Anticorruption Training Reporting Process Preliminary examination Initiating complaints Collecting evidence Investigation report Feedback to senior levels Health promotion meeting on Northern Henan Province Policy education Internal training on safety system
20 21 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Superior Quality 2 Premium Services Harnessing Digital Power Safety and quality fundamentally guarantee Feihe's products. We produce freshness from the very source by selecting the optimal milk source belt. In addition, we continue to lead the highquality development of the industry and practise the commitment of leading freshness with advanced technology. Premium Experiences with Feihe Products
22 23 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXSuperior Quality Ensuring superior milk sources is the key to the quality of Feihe products. We unremittingly pursue fresher and more suitable highquality milk powder. Feihe has established strict product standards, such as Management Requirements of Milk Source and the Management Requirements of Organic Milk Source, including supplier pasture audit and onsite management. We take multiple measures to strictly control the product quality. Supplier Audit and Management Onsite Management Pasture quality management is an important part of our supplier quality management system. We strictly abide by ISO 9001, Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (HACCP), GAP, GB T 2014 and Food Safety System Certification (FSSC) 22000. On the basis of the original fresh milk procurement control procedures and milk source management, we strengthened the supplier control in 2021, All pastures for milk supply were required to be certificated by the GAP, and we added two management processes pasture management and annual milk source planning. Feihe factory conducts onsite inspections on fresh milk microbial control, forage and feed management, veterinary medicine management and withdrawal time control in the pasture under its jurisdiction every month. Factory feeds back the results to the pasture, and tracks and checks the rectification to ensure a safe milk source in pastures. We perfect audit standards for pastures and form up an audit team every year to comprehensively audit the pasture environment and system of suppliers. In 2021, Feihe assisted the pastures to complete 37 improvement projects and completed 5 external and 10 internal evaluations throughout the year. Internal pastures involved 86 problems and all were qualified after the audit. We have terminated the milk supply from external pastures that were discovered with problems. Assisted the pasture to complete 37 improvement projects 86 problems involved in internal pastures and all qualified after the audit 10 internal pastures evaluated 5 external pastures evaluated Managing Veterinary Medicine To ensure the health of cows and the safety of milk sources, and eliminate the medicine risk, Feihe strictly complies with GB 316502019 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limit of Veterinary Drugs in Food; we also formulate the risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to risk early warning of chemical pollutants in milk and dairy products issued by the European Union, WHO, FDA, and Canadian Food Inspection Agency. The monitoring plan is for factories to establish quality monitoring plan for raw milk and dairy raw materials which monitors chemical pollution such as veterinary drug residues and hormones. Feihe also established the Operating Specifications and Process for Vets Team, and Veterinary Drug Purchase List together with the suppliers to strictly manage veterinary drugs and cattle health. The use of veterinary drugs should be approved and purchased according to the regulations, and diagnosis and treatment, dosage and inventory are registered to ensure accurate use. In terms of the use of antibiotics, we control it by types of used drugs in pastures and the risk level and classify the cows taking drugs into the antibiotic risk of cows at the source. Moreover, we test and monitor the raw milk delivered from the pasture every day. Also, the third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiotic residues in raw milk. Ensuring Animal Welfare Quality Assurance We formulate animal welfare management measures to provide cows with a hygienic, healthy and comfortable pasture. We also improve employees' skills and raise their awareness of animal welfare through the training on animal welfare; we regularly conduct technical exchanges to know the advanced philosophy. Specially, we introduce total mixed ration technology to balance diets. With a clean diet and comfortable living environment, we satisfy cows' socialising needs, trim their hooves, keep them hygienic, and eliminate their diseases and insect pests. In addition, we play music for them; massage brushes and shower heads are installed in the rest area. These measures protect and enhance the life quality of cows. To prevent and control potential quality risks in raw milk, we have formulated a series of quality management systems and work processes such as the HACCP Plan, Quality Control Plan, Food Safety Protection Plan, Management Procedure of Mitigation Against Food Fraud, Guidelines for Cleaning and Disinfecting Production Equipment, Sales Terminal Product Quality Management Procedure, and Traceability Procedures in accordance with the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China. Our factory has used such tools as the Manufacturing Execution System (MES) of the World Class Manufacturing (WCM), the Warehouse Management System (WMS), and the EV System for Equipment Management. We prepared the General Warehouse Unit Transportation Management System and General Warehouse Unit Storage Management System to standardise production, storage and transportation processes.
24 25 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOutlining Recall Procedures Inaccordance with the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Administrative Measures for Food Recall, we have formulated the Management Procedure for Product Recall and Nonconforming Product Control Procedure. The procedures define the product recall process and the main departmental responsibilities, which are strictly implemented by us. According to the Management Procedure for Product Recall, organised by the Quality Center of the Group, each factory simulates recall drills every year and improves the emergency response so that the recall procedure can be started as soon as food safety hazards are found. In addition, we standardise the process to investigate internal food safety risks and inspect all types of products every year. If any abnormality is revealed, we immediately investigate deviations, assess risks and determine the disposal plan to legally dispose of nonconforming products. In 2021, we reported no product recall. Quality Control System We improve the product quality and safety management based on the National Food Safety Standard Infant Formula (GB 107652021) and the National Food Safety Standard Formula for Older Infants (GB 107662021). Our quality safety management covers the whole supply chain. We follow the European Hygienic Engineering and Design Guidelines, European Dairy Plant Design Standards, Germany Institute for Standardisation norms and relevant domestic guidelines. Our 6 factories in China and 1 in Canada achieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment. A full set of German GEA production lines was introduced and the production process was automated. We and our plants have more than 500 quality managers. We chose SGSCSTC Standards Technical Services Co. Limited and AIB Food Technical Consulting Company Limited (Shanghai) to carry out thirdparty inspections and evaluations according to international standards. Besides, on the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10767, and GB 19301, our laboratory monitors the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspects each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards. We mainly inspect conventional chemicals, nutrients, pollutants, mycotoxins, pesticide residues, veterinary drug residues, microorganisms, etc. In addition, we also monitor, track and analyse the manufacturing environment, process, circulation channels and product stability on the shelf to ensure the continuous, safe and stable quality of samples. Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process. The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems, reinforces good practices, and improves the quality of milk sources from the pasture. In 2021, our 202 suppliers were certificated by the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system. In 2021, we created seven management procedures such as Allergen Management Procedure, HACCP Management Procedure, Environmental Monitoring and Control Procedure, Internal Audit Management Procedure, and seven quality and safety management specifications such as Guidelines for HACCP Templates, Specifications for the Retention and Shelf Life Evaluation of Infant Formula Milk Powder, and Guidelines for the Verification Management of Oscillating Screen to enhance quality and safety management system. In addition, we continue to widely use WCM in the production of 7 subsidiaries. We mainly build six key pillars focused improvement pillar (FI), autonomous maintenance pillar (AM), production maintenance pillar (PM), quality maintenance pillar (QM), environment, health, and safety pillar (EHS) and education and training pillar (E&T). We have completed 69 improvement projects through the pillars and reported a revenue of RMB 49. 41 million. RMB 49. 41 million Revenue raised 69 improvement projects through the pillars Premium Services We continue to improve our service and product quality. Meanwhile, we also pay more attention to consumers' demands and understand them with more diversified communication channels, and perfect complaint channels for consumers to improve the consumer experience. Consumer Engagement Feihe attaches great importance to effective communication with consumers. We make consumers efficiently and conveniently engaged in communication channels by interacting with them both on the online platform and offline channels. In 2021, we were committed to Putting Consumers First, Actions Before Words, and Achieving Win Win Outcomes and Keeping Improving. We upgraded intelligent customer service to communicate with customers on selfdeveloped platforms and threeparty ecommerce platforms. The integrated, standardised, automated, collaborative, scenebased and databased allchannel digital intelligent service management could transform the serviceoriented call center; also it can build a comprehensive customer contact and service center for online and offline issues. The platform served consumers in depth and provided faster customer service and a better user experience. Based on the core user pool on the official account of Star Mom, Feihe produces custom content and equity services for child care, family nutrition and health for its members through miniprogram, livestreaming, microblogs, and video channels, etc. By the end of 2021, Star Mom has attracted 45 million members in China, and 20 million followers. As a mother and baby service platform with such scale, we always put consumers first by striving to offer professional service on the platform, upgrading the membership system, and prolonging the service cycle of members to build consumers' trust in our brand. Case Feihe's service on the official account of Star Mom Star Mom has attracted 45 million members Followers supassed 20 million Integrated Standardised Auto - mated Collaborative Scene Based Data Based Values All Channel Digital Intelligent Service Management Achieving Win Win Outcomes Keeping improving Putting Consumers First Actions Before Words
26 27 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, the 47 N Fresh Land campaign was a rare milk source exploration that was cobranded with Disney's classic IP, the first attempt in the industry to create a zerodistance immersive experience for consumers with virtual travel in the live streaming. We also setup popup shops in many cities, which offered an offline immersive experience, including Fancy Farmland, Funny Pasture and Fresh Factory. The activities engaged 5. 28 billion posts on social media, reposted by 240 million comments, and more than 130, 000 followers on all platforms. In addition, there were more than 186, 000 roadshows across the country to have close engagement with consumers. Case Tracing to the source to 47 N Fresh Land As the first interactive programme cocreated with users, the Pioneering Parenting Concepts guided users with newer and more scientific parenting methods explained by industry experts on accurate topics. In particular, the Pioneering Parenting Concepts III once again sparked online debates among young parents and inspired them to rethink their parenting. Season 3 reported 900 million views; it was also mentioned by 2. 7 billion posts and commented on by more than 26 million users. After the programme, we invited Kaishu, the new celebrated host, to build amental path on our brands for over 16 million users. Case Feihe TV programme - Pioneering Parenting Concepts 5. 28 billion posts engaged on social media Season 3 reported 900 million views 240 million comments reposted Mentioned by 2. 7 billion posts Protection of Consumers' Rights and Interests Privacy and Information Security We resolutely safeguarded the rights and interests of consumers. Being responsible to consumers, we revised Management Procedure for Handling Customer Complaints in 2021 and Consumer Consultation & Complaint Risk Identification and Management Process. Furthermore, we clarified the complaint handling responsibility at different levels, opened all channels to accept complaints, and tracked the risks to make the process sound and make users more satisfied. In 2021, we received 25, 608 consumer complaints, with 100 of them handled. We formulate internal advertising regulations in accordance with the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China to standardise the product publicity and practice responsible sales. We review the compliance of the slogans and contents of advertising. We also formulate the Product Packaging Design Process to ensure the authentic, compliant information on the packaging is effectively communicated. We abide by the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China and created the Information Management System and the Information Security Management System. The latter two documents clarify the information security organisations, technical roadmaps, department responsibilities, and the mechanisms and principles of information security. We updated the Information Confidentiality Management System in 2021, which specified how users' personal information should be protected and how departments take their responsibilities. In this way, we complete the standard of grading users' personal information and further increase internal supervision requirements of confidential information. We have worked towards ISO 27001 standard and built greater information security. Based on our business and retail characteristics, we have upgraded our security in industrial control, the internet, applications, terminals and data, enhancing the security and stability of our information system through optimization and upgrading. In 2021, we registered no major information security incidents. In 2021, we mainly improved information security from the following three aspects 1) the Group's IDC and factory network links were successfully transformed towards IPSEC VPN. The changes reduced the direct connection between nonbusiness networks and IDC systems; they also avoided the crosstransmission of viruses and malicious codes. Meanwhile, there was redundant deployment on the backbone of links; the operation and maintenance management, code audit, database audit and log audit systems which are newly deployed enabled the IDC data center to operate safely and stably; 2) information security in the production system was strengthened, especially those in industrial control production such as industrial control host and production branch. The zoning and isolation of the office network and industrial control network effectively protected the information security in the industrial control host; 3) Star Mom 3. 0, the online operation platform, was completed in response to national regulatory and compliance requirements. The platform system became safer by upgrading the advanced cloud security center, encrypting data, collecting and analyzing logs, and logging in through MFA. In 2021, we hosted two training on information security awareness and conventional security knowledge; we regularly invited external experts and professional partners to educate our information security personnel and security managers on the latest trends and skills to raise the security awareness, making them better positioned to do their job.
28 29 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarnessing Digital Power Digital development, anew generation of information infrastructure, has been included in the outline of the national 14 th Five Year Plan. Our digital transformation is continued to be guided by the goal of 3 2 2 IT planning. This strategy puts business systems with intelligent manufacturing at the digital plant and enterprise resource planning at the core. The intercommunicated systems through the business middle office and the information middle office can extend the big data and algorithms to the whole business process. The supply chain system is transitioning from being businessdriven to datadriven. The industry value chain is upgrading towards being managed with information technologies and data intelligence. Intelligent Manufacturing With the factory as the center, build the whole industry value chain ranging from raw milk receiving to ecommerce; build an interconnected and shared intelligent network to achieve the goal of digital intelligent transition and upgrading both upstream and downstream. Built automatic control of the whole production process, leading to informationbased and digital intelligent control of product quality and boosting productivity. In 2021, the new intelligent manufacturing model was widely promoted and applied. At present, 2 factories have been fully covered with intelligent systems, and 3 factories are advancing. The 5 layers new model enables alldimensional connections between systems, accurately controls key parameters, realises digital and visual management, and improves the efficiency and management at the factory. Automation control layer Use international advanced PLC and SCADA to control over 90 of automatic equipment, effectively manage and control the operation, and make the production process automatically controlled Device data integration layer Install and deploy sensors, scanners, upper computers, etc. to comprehensively collect the production data, and analyse them through big data; guide the production process and equipment optimization with analysis results Executive control layer Build a production execution system to comprehensively manage the production, and trace the quality control and process; use multiple systems to cover the full process management from manufacturing to warehousing Process intelligence layer The production system works together with ERP, the enterprise resource planning system and PLM, the R&D management system, through the enterprise data bus, to collaboratively manage the whole production process Intelligent data layer Comprehensively manage and analyse business data and production data through the enterprise big data platform to guide production, marketing and decisionmaking Smart Factory Business Center Ecommerce Data Center Comprehensively using the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and big data analysis to form an interactive system between cyberspace and the physical world, which is highly reliable, scalable and realtime. Providing realtime field data by collecting information of production, timely sharing information and accurately predicting events; integrate the realtime management and manufacturing; fully combine data from management and control systems; transform quality inspection into quality assurance, and trace the whole process; promote custom formula design and production based on user needs, and improve business efficiency. Integrating sales and ecommerce system, so That the factory can quickly adapt to demand and improve quality and efficiency. Using ERP and data center, restructure the ecommerce business platform, and newly develop such marketing tools as seckill and promotion of the single product. Seamlessly connecting with mainstream thirdparty online platforms to manage goods and inventory indifferent channels; enable inventory in multiple warehouses or in multiple channels, contract performance in multiple warehouses and risk controls in multiple dimensions, and expand ecommerce business. Building the general capacity of ecommerce businesses; flexibly support all kinds of new businesses and combine online and offline channels by seamlessly integrating them with ERP and intelligent nutrition advisors; quickly launch new businesses and seize opportunities in the market. Based on the allchannel data analysis and index in the ecommerce business scenario, we develop and launch Feihe's realtime ecommerce display screen on double 11 and Feihe's comprehensive ecommerce display screen. We break the information island between systems and business lines. Furthermore, we centrally integrate data resources to form unified data and then sum up diversified data indicators into business scenarios in the business process. We build a multidimensional ecommerce evaluation system to visualise the sales, consumers and marketing performance to guide the operation.
30 31 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth 3 Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Feihe is committed to building a sustainability path with employees and industry partners while achieving mutual benefit and winwin. We invest in innovation and R&D, improve products and services, and practice corporate social responsibility. Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity
32 33 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth Recruiting Responsibly We strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Protection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour, and local policies and rules in relation to labour and social security. We respect and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees, recruit equally diversified talents, and prohibit discrimination based on gender, ethnicity, religion, age or region. Our human resources management covers 25 policies and measures on employee relations, recruitment, training, performance, remuneration and benefits, on the basis of laws. And 9 of them were revised in 2021 in relation to performance management, incentive management, benefits management, labour relations management. In 2021, there were no incidents of illegal use of child labour, forced labour, or employee complaints about human rights. Talent fundamentally powers our development. We constantly optimise the talent employment, management and training mechanism to protect the legitimate rights and interests of all employees. We strive to create abroad platform for employees' career development, providing shared value for both sides to make common progress. Employees by gender Male employees 3, 756 Female employees 3, 059 Employees by type Fulltime employees 6, 815 Parttime employees 0 Employees by age Employees aged below 30 2, 277 Employees aged 30 - 50 4, 366 Employees aged above 50 172 Employees by region Employees overseas 1 Employees in Hong Kong 0 Employees in Chinese mainland 6, 814 Employees by education background Employees holding bachelor's degree 2, 091 Employees holding associate degree 3, 034 Employees holding a high school diploma or below 1, 512 Employees holding master's degree or above 178 Total employees 6, 815 Turnover by gender Turnover of female employees 17. 4 Turnover of male employees 15. 0 Turnover by age Turnover of employees aged below 30 24. 3 Turnover of employees aged 30 - 50 11. 7 Turnover of employees aged above 50 11. 3 Turnover by region Turnover of employees in the Chinese mainland 16. 3 Our recruitment and hiring system covers internal and external recruitment. We use internal recruitment to capitalise on our rich talent pool while continuing to expand external recruitment channels. We attract outstanding talents through means such as recruitment websites, job fairs, campus recruitment and headhunting. To ensure fair recruitment and equitable development opportunities, Feihe follows seven recruitment principles to provide equitable talent development opportunities based on objectivity and suitability. Furthermore, to help employees unleash their potential at work and gain a sense of accomplishment, the Company arranges suitable positions for them based on their abilities and characteristics, so as to make the best use of their talents. Feihe's seven recruitment principles Equal opportunity Internal priority Internal referral Fair competition and recruit ona selective basis Suitable jobs Refusal of employee's relatives Comprehensive examination Turnover Rate in 2021 Composition of Fulltime Employees in 2021
34 35 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, we upgraded our campus recruitment concept - Perfect for each other in the new era - and enhanced our F Star management trainee programme. We encourage honesty and integrity, courage to take responsibility, cooperation, enthusiasm for learning and knowledge of the business in our management trainees. We have broadened channels and methods and achieved more targeted, diverse and efficient learning. In terms of universityenterprise cooperation, we have launched a diversified cooperation system to link the close relationship and strengthen our brand as an employer by providing onthejob internships, joint R &D projects, special training, and sponsorship. Against the backdrop of pandemic control, we continued to add multiple positions in campus recruitment. Feihe participated in the allmedia interactive live programme - A Job For You - created by China Education Television to help college students in job hunting, innovation, and entrepreneurship, providing job opportunities for graduates. We also visited many colleges and universities across the country for online and offline publicity and communication. In 2021, we recruited more than 184 management trainees via 90 plus campus fairs and job fairs, 50 of whom graduated from universities of Project 985 or Project 211 and international universities. In 2021, we practiced the outsider bringing plan. We imported 53 managers or above level, of which 92 were professional and technical talents, 33 hold master's degrees and above, and 6 were doctors. In the F Star management trainee programme, F refers to Feihe and the future. It is a systematic training plan designed by Feihe for the management trainees, which supports and guides them with a fourstep four force model; in the process, trainees are able to find out their own positioning and strengthen skills through practice projects. They are also comprehensively evaluated during their periodic work reports and some will be selected to support our future development. After onboarding, they have to go through onthejob training, performance tracking and empowerment through online training, offline training, monthly sharing, quarterly review, and experience exchange. During the training, we completed 22 training, including induction training sessions and those provided by the subsystem, and 3 debriefing sessions. Introduction training for management trainees Case F Star management trainee programme in Feihe As per our Remuneration Management Mechanism and Management Measures, we participate in fastmoving consumer goods industry remuneration annual surveys. This provides a guide to average remuneration for positions in the industry. We ensure that our annual increases exceed industry averages, to keep us competitive in the market for talent. Our employee remuneration includes fixed income and bonuses. We also periodically evaluate personnel's performance, to assess the effectiveness of our remuneration system. We have always paid attention to the wellbeing of employees and strive to grow together and inspire their enthusiasm and creativity. In 2021, under the concept of coownership, cocreation, shared responsibility and winwin, we innovated the income distribution by creating a longterm stockbased incentive plan for employees at more levels and positions. This plan not only covered senior managers but also benefited middlelevel and entrylevel managers with outstanding performance, which has been greatly recognised by the majority of employees. As a usual incentive means, the stockbased incentive is an important part of the overall salary system. Paying Incentives Employee Development and Training The functional system inspects key work and special work and focuses on learning and growth The sales system adopts a ladderstyle performancerelated mechanism that links salary and sales so that compensation accurately reflects the performance Senior management receives annual evaluations Middle management and functional entrylevel employees receive quarterly evaluations Evaluation mechanism Evaluation cycle Incentives Material incentive Cash Wages Bonus Stock Other benefits Noncash Growth, achievement and significance Sense of belonging, honor and recognition Spiritual motivation Feihe's employee performance appraisal system Entrylevel employees - including sales, nutritionists, customer services, operators, etc - receive monthly evaluations
36 37 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX To create a fair and open competition and build a hierarchical talent team, we promote employees based on the qualification system. We evaluate the key indicators of the qualification system and select the management. We also guide employees to keep learning and improve themselves, by establishing a positive career channel for them. Our employee promotion combines five principles to create an inclusive growth channel with clear guidance, defined standards, anda standard process. Our improved training organization and threedimensional training provide employees at all levels with induction, onthejob, promotion and certification training related to production, marketing and functions. We aim to pool talents sharing the same vision at all levels to build a team willing to learn. We attach importance to the effectiveness and improve the content and efficiency by considering training demand analysis, learning resources, training operation standards and training result evaluation. The Company speeds up the development of four guarantees, strengthens the PDCA management for twolevel training, and improves the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels. Finally, we create a 3 2 4 learning ecology. Providing Promotion Opportunities Training Employees In 2021, we completed 2 major improvements in the employee promotion system Optimised the qualification system, and identified and evaluated talents more accurately and objectively by combining standard valuation of talents at the same level and the differentiated evaluation in departments. Promoted 99 managers and above; 29 of middlelevel managers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 47 of business department managers and above were newly promoted; 50 of middlelevel managers such as the general manager of the production plant and the workshop director were transferred for rotation training. Focus on assessing the value, contribution, results and outputs of employees at their work based on their abilities Comprehensively evaluate the personnel structure at all levels of departments, and adjust the proportion of outsiders and internal talents according to the structure and business needs Employees can be promoted by transferring to different career directions apart from their planned career ladder and adjusting the growth channel and job category for allround development In principle, employees are promoted in sequential order. However, employees making contributions or possessing excellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings Comprehensively assess employees' performance and ability on the basic job qualification, and promote and demote them Valuing performance and output Promoting internal talents and outsiders Job transfer through promotion Combining sequential promotion and crossranking promotion Promotion and demotion 1 2 345 Principles of Promotion Training system - Feihe 3 2 4 learning ecology Strategic needs To achieve the strategic goal of RMB 200 billion, we need to effectively unify ideology, fast train talent and inherit accurate experience. Orientation Play the role of employee development advisor and business partner to achieve the goal of pooling talents sharing the same vision at all levels. Path speed up the development of four guarantees, strengthen the PDCA management for twolevel training, improve the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels, and finally create a 3 2 4 learning ecology. Summary A goal Two roles Three skills improved Twolevel management Four guarantee Brandbuilding connecting to employer brandbuilding; creating an atmosphere with the help of new media Enriching resources selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal courses Management and control Establishing a training quality control and effect assessment mechanism and applying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Support constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing competition mechanisms, and organising competitions Leadership collaborates with the training management team to drive project development Enhance production and marketing business capabilities Collaborative capacity enhancement between departments Pool talents sharing the same vision at all levels, and build a powerful organization Leadership Level 1 training Level 2 training Professional skills General skills Business partner Employee development advisor Inhouse experience sharing External workplace training Newcomer'straining The Company offers targeted training in the division of the three areas. Administrative training sessionsmarketing training sessionsproduction training sessions 37 There were model courses 12 There were learning maps for key positions in 57 departments 875 advisors participated in the training of whom obtained the certification 96 courses on mother and infant products qualification certification I and II Nearly 10, 000 nutrition 18 in management. A total of employees participated in the training 2, 360 in technology and 81 courses at the Mo College, including 306 There were 387 Platform construction online learning resources; online training management System and process the system standardises the learning, and the process upgrades efficiency. employees participated in the training
38 39 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, employees in Feihe (China) received a total of 6, 543 training opportunities and 100 of them attended the training. Our employees were trained for 335, 156. 1 hours in total and 51. 2 hours on average. Training for Fulltime Employees in 2021 Training Percentage ( ) Average Training Hours per Employee Employee rained by gender Male 54. 81 49. 3 Female 45. 19 49. 0 Employee rained by type Senior management 0. 44 15. 1 Middle management 5. 11 70. 7 Entrylevel employee 94. 45 48. 2 In 2021, Shining Star Feihe Academy, Feihe's online learning platform was internally available to more than 4, 700 employees. Shining Star Feihe Academy aims to help can accumulate and inherit knowledge, motivate employees to learn with light interaction, and lay the groundwork for an organization whose members are willing to learn. Composition Over 500 courses provided by outsiders on leadership, professional skills and general skills More than 1, 200 inhouse courses on internal expertise, revised external knowledge, industry report, etc 3 minute Business School, Book Thinking Course Updated and offered open classes for all employees at all system levels according to targeted learning plans and recommendations of employees Operation Recommend good classes every two weeks Videorecorded more than 5, 000 offline training and hosted over 50 live streaming on Shining Star Feihe Academy Regularly carried out learning atmosphere activities, including Tanabata Festival, teacher's day and other festival activities Function Sharing, PK quizzes, and live streaming were popular among employees Functions such as signin, examination evaluation and reports recorded employees' learning and strengthen our training management. Case Shining Star Feihe Academy, Feihe's online learning platform
40 41 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXEngaging Employees Ensuring Occupational Health and Safety We attach great importance to employee communication and have different platforms to gather their opinions. In 2021, we held an annual general meeting of employees and four quarterly employee representative meetings. We timely communicated our policies, guidelines and instructions to all employees, answered questions about employee relations, and familiarised employees with our strategy to enhance morale toward the same vision. We also produced oneonone discussions, symposiums and research to give targeted guidance to new employees and entrylevel employees; we advised on career development planning and surveyed them to listen to their opinions. Furthermore, the Company encouraged rich and diverse teambuilding activities among all systems and departments to create a relaxed and pleasant environment. In 2021, we conducted employee surveys, as part of our Feihe Corporate Culture Rebuilding project. Results showed an overall high level of morale, with our staff scoring higher than the industry averages for loyalty, engagement and satisfaction. We follow national laws and regulations such as the Workplace Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and the Regulations on Safety Supervision of Special Equipment. We highly value safety management and update our environmental, health and safety (EHS)-related laws and regulations annually. In 2021, we formulated the Procedure for Risk Identification, Evaluation and Controls, the Management Procedure for Compliance Duties and Evaluation, and the Safety Management System for Confined Space. In this way, we improved the workplace safety management responsibility and worked within the safety boundaries. In 2021, our employees received 15. 15 hours of safety training on average. There were 6 workplace accidents and we lost 646 days or 5, 1680 hours due to workrelated injury, with an hourslost rate per million of 1. 18. There are zero workrelated fatalities. In the Company, 100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks, and 100 of employees were subject to safety training. There were no new employees suffering from occupational diseases. Our total investment in workplace safety reached RMB 18. 7325 million. emergency drills and fire drills at our factories and are required to sign the Letter of Safety Responsibility. By observing behavior and daily sharing knowledge and experiences, we can widely and quickly detect and stop violations of rules, thereby rectifying and eliminating noncompliance and hidden dangers, and ensuring safe operations. Number of workrelated fatalities (person) Rate of workrelated fatalities ( ) Number of days lost due to workrelated injuries (days) 2019 2020 20210 0 0 0 0 0337 170646 Adding Safeguards Bolstering Workplace Safety We have a dual prevention mechanism that grades risks and investigates hazards. It is based on ISO management - plan, do, check, act - and national occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Our Procedure Documents for Work Safety Risk Identification and Management and Procedure Documents for Troubleshooting and Treatment of Hidden Risks in Work Safety Accidents are complemented by risk identification tables and risk rectification procedures. These practically standardise workplace safety. We continue to promote the twopronged safety mechanism, unify the risk identification tables and scoring standards, refine the risk identification lists, and implement risk management and control at different levels based on assessment results. In 2021, we issued the Procedure for Risk Identification, Evaluation and Controls. The mandate required us to increase employee engagement in risk identification with defined KPIs. To help create a safe, healthy and happy workplace, we formulate the Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards inaccordance with national laws and regulations and industry standards; we also promote safety training and build an occupational health and safety protection and training system. We do our best to protect employees with comprehensive safety awareness strengthening. hazard detection. occupational health checks, personal protective equipment and special training. To raise employees' awareness of occupational health and safety and selfprotection, we offer prejob training indifferent types of production duties, and special equipment operators must report to duty with the necessary certificates. For highly dangerous work, we undertake risk prediction, conduct onsite inspections of highrisk operations, and implement a permittowork system for special works to maximise the risk. In 2021, we achieved the following targets as scheduled We assessed the departments' KPIs with safety management. The constructors were required to sign the Safety Responsibility Commitment with builders who did so with professional construction teams, which had to sign the commitment with employees. We inspected the safety on the project site at least once a month. In 2021, our 73 safety training lasted for 270 hours and attracted 1, 718 participants. Potential safety hazards were 100 rectified 100 of employees received safety education; 2 of mild injury per month 0 serious injuries and death; We continue to build the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 systems. In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certifications. By the end of 2020, three of our seven factories had earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certifications. Another one factory's application was approved. Our factory safety managers are also responsible for our branches and office areas. Staff participate in training,
42 43 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn June 2021, to create a culture of safety and raise employees' awareness, we held 67 safety activities in the Safety Month themed Implementing safety responsibilities for safe development, which covered 5, 277 employees; in the Occupational Health Week themed creating China with occupational health, we had 33 activities for 6, 108 participants. Our subordinate factories launched 45 activities on Firefighting Day under the theme of implementing firefighting responsibility to prevent safety risks, attracting 3, 415 people. Throughout 2021, Feihe held 24 emergency drills, covering 1, 848 employees. Emergency drill Content Sessions Participants Special emergency plan Fire emergency drill 13 613 Plan for mechanical injury accidents 8 112 Emergency drill for the explosion 5 192 Emergency drill for injuries caused by vehicle forklift 9 93 Onsite drill for disposal plan of hazardous chemical leakage 15 175 Onsite drill for scalding disposal plan 9 97 Onsite drill for disposal plan of poisoning and suffocation 5 36 Onsite drill for disposal plan of vehicleaided operation 2 15 Onsite drill for disposal plan of collapse 1 9 Onsite drill for disposal plan of frostbite 1 6 Onsite drill for disposal plan of falling from height or hitting by objects 11 101 Emergency drill for confined space accident 3 22 Emergency drill for ammonia leakage 3 20 Emergency drill plan for food poisoning 4 62 On site disposal scheme drill of natural gas leakage accident 6 59 Special emergency plan drill for special equipment accidents 2 11 Onsite drill for disposal plan of electric shocks 11 89 Onsite disposal plan of office fires 2 40 Emergency drill for boiler explosion 5 43 Emergency drill for sterilization pot accidents 1 12 Drill on the excessive discharge of sewage treatment wastewater 3 13 Drill on hazardous waste leakage 1 3 Risk assessment of highrisk operation (hot work, climbing) 1 15 On site disposal plan for heatstroke casualties 2 10 Case Promoting a safety culture Caring for Employees Valuing Female Employees Feihe attaches importance to the sense of work and happiness of employees and is committed to creating a good worklife balance for employees. We enhance the coherence with cultural and recreational activities. We ensure the benefits of female employees. In 2021, women accounted for 44. 9 of our employees and 39. 8 of the management. In 2020, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Women's Federation was established, with its member structure rearranged. On 8 March 2021, we launched the online event a tribute to women's power on our internal publication Heming, which received more than 300 comments from employees. Exquisite Feihe Ranch gift boxes were presented to female employees atour departments and business units.
44 45 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXDeveloping Corporate Culture Feihe develops and inherits the culture for employee teams. The corporate culture system, with a focus on upgrading corporate values, covers four dimensions - spirit, behavior, system and material. We also host activities, offer benefits and care and publicise the cultures to comfort employees and create a healthy and dynamic corporate atmosphere in the new era. We earnestly care for and helps employees whose families encounter great economic difficulties due to force majeure, disasters, or major diseases. Our foundation can help solve their urgent needs and enhance their ability to resist risks. Our visits to employees on the eve of the Spring Festival every year bring a warm and peaceful Spring Festival for lowincome employees' families. In the 18 years since its establishment, the foundation has helped more than 400 employees and distributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 million. During the Spring Festival in 2021, we cared for the employees who had to stay in their jobs and could not return home during the Spring Festival, which was advocated by the national initiative. We celebrated the Spring Festival with 26, 000 employees all over the regions, factories and business units, in particular those who remained where they worked. Celebrating the Spring Festival with employees allover the world In 2021, we carried out five family day activities at our production sites, covering 223 employee families. On Production Family Day, employees' families visited our factory to enjoy happy and warm family time. To set examples for entrylevel employees who demonstrate the spirit of Feihe, My Story with Feihe - Example for Entrylevel Employees in 2021 was open to nearly 30, 000 grassroots employees from the production, marketing and industrial cluster. The criteria include whether they put consumers first, act before words, achieve winwin outcomes and have excellence. At last, 11 examples for entrylevel employees stood out after selection, reevaluation, voting by all employees and final evaluation. They were granted awards at the yearend meeting. In December 2021, Your Pain Will be Rewarding, Feihe's first promotional video was officially released at the end of the year. The film focused on our frontline workers and explains hard work as happiness, which was widely commented and discussed by all walks of life. It also effectively raised employees' sense of mission and pride. Promoting family time My Story with Feihe - Example for Entrylevel Employees Promotional video Your Pain Will be Rewarding Case Case Case Case
46 47 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCreating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Managing Supplier Relationships Suppliers play an important role in product quality assurance. Feihe continues to enhance supplier management with a better system, supervises suppliers in their full life cycle, and ensures the product quality at the source. In 2021, we established and improved 36 supplier management processes. Selecting and Developing Suppliers Improved the Potential Supplier Management Process and Basic Agreement Signing Process, required confidentiality agreements before cooperating with suppliers; investigated and analysed potential suppliers through preliminary questionnaires; fully evaluated their reputation, supply risk and willingness to cooperate, and then allowed their entry. Classifying Suppliers Developed the Supplier Graded Management Procedures, classifying suppliers on the name list by grading standards into three types strategic suppliers, core suppliers and general suppliers for differentiated management and guidance. Managing Suppliers Established grading and performance strategies, improved Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement, and Strategic Supplier Development and Management Process, which specifies to While providing customers with highquality products and services, we continually upgrade our management of suppliers and distributors. We uphold mutual benefits and common progress with our partners, aid the industry in an open and shared manner, and empower the sustainable development of China's dairy industry. Comprehensively evaluate suppliers' service, technology, quality audit and delivery, and regularly communicate with suppliers to improve suppliers. Identify excellent suppliers who can grow together with us. Evaluating Suppliers Suppliers Withdrawal Enhanced the Supplier Performance Evaluation Standard Process and Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement Process; increased supplier performance evaluation mechanism, supplier reward and punishment mechanism and supplier grading system; improved the product and service. Setup the Process for Suppliers Withdrawal, which established a supplier withdrawal working group, and conducted feasibility analysis; dynamically managed and created a supplier pool suitable for us to enhance competitiveness. 131 Chinese Mainland Suppliers 71 Overseas Suppliers During the reporting period, we had 202 suppliers, including Standardised the supplier withdrawal process. Stipulated the removal of suppliers that fail to meet the requirement of quality, cost, delivery, technology, etc. Fully evaluated the production plan, materials, technical service, and legal risks, and then identified the removal list before their withdrawal. 1 2 3 Evaluated suppliers' comprehensive performance monthly and annually in terms of 10 assessment indicators such as quality, delivery, service, audit and contribution; Incentivised excellent suppliers with increased purchase; Supervised disqualified suppliers to improve, and communicated with them to offer assistance if necessary; Included suppliers with poor performance for along time into the elimination list and made an elimination plan after comprehensive evaluations; Graded suppliers based on the results of annual performance evaluation, innovation, influence and resources; identified strategic suppliers that can grow with us.
48 49 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXManaging Distributors To build a sustainable industry value chain, the Company works with distributors to create a sustainable and mutually beneficial platform. For distributor cooperation assessment and management, asper our 2021 Distributor Management System, we rigorously assess our distributors. This covers business qualifications, capital status, business channels, business philosophy, industry experience and willingness to cooperate. On passing our assessment, distributors sign a contract, pay a deposit and state their annual sales target. To enhance distributors' service and growth capabilities, we launched the 2021 Distributor Star Management Programme. This aims to unleash the potential of distributors and help them develop together with us. In 2021, Feihe's Partner Annual Conference was held online under the theme - joining forces to overcome difficulties. We expressed our willingness to tide over the difficulties with partners, which heartened them in longterm cooperation with Feihe. We held business communication meetings with key KSC systems and SC systems once a quarter to deepen communication with the SC system, and enhance customer stickiness and buoy performance. In 2021, we held 1, 758 business communication meetings covering 979 systems. Case Case 2021 Partner Annual Conference 2021 business communication meeting Pioneering in the Industry Leading the Way in Research in 2021 Earning Recognition in 2021Undertook research and commercialization of largescale green production technology of large energy milkbased materials, a project under the National key research and development programme for the 14 th Five Year Plan. The project strives to solve the technical problems in the largescale green efficient production of large energy milkbased materials and unblock the core technical bottleneck in preparing new core ingredients of infant formula dairy products on a large scale through integrated innovation. The project is based on the contained core technology in making the core ingredients of infant formula dairy products in China and caters to the major needs of the industry. The results of the project reveal the law of quality in change and regulation mechanism in processing and storing the core ingredients. It is anew breakthrough in the technology of large green production and in the preparation technology of new ingredients. The project brings good economic, social and environmental benefits for the industry. The project Breast Milk Research and Use in China was awarded first prize in the China Dairy Industry Association's Technology Progress category in 2021 Selected as the powerful intellectual property pilot in Heilongjiang Province in 2021 The project - big data driven innovative application was selected into the national big data pilot model by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China Selected into the pilot model of manufacturing and Internet integration by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China for consumer service capability Feihe (Tailai) Dairy Co., Ltd. was selected as the intelligent manufacturing factory in dairy of the 2021 model factory in the intelligent manufacturing pilot by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China As an industry leader, we actively revitalise diary with much investment in product innovation, R &D, and transformation. In 2021, we invested RMB 425 million in R&D. At present, Feihe Research Institute has 72 fulltime R&D personnel, including 1 professor, 8 associate professors and 8 with doctor's degrees; 81. 9 of the members hold master's degrees or above.
50 51 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXProtecting Intellectual Property Feihe attaches importance to intellectual property management and system. In 2021, our Intellectual Property Management Manual of Feihe Group was officially put into operation after being revised on the basis of internal feedback and business evaluation results. Feihe and the Group made overall planning for intellectual property management and carried out comprehensive strategic planning for patents and trademarks. The Group officially set up an intellectual property team, including three patent engineers who are experienced in intellectual property management and qualified for the fulltime patent agency, to fast develop the intellectual property of the Group. Our patent applications hit a record high in 2021. We applied for 171 patents in total, including three international patents filed according to the Paris Convention and the Hague Agreement. At home, Feihe had applied for 38 invention patents, 97 utility model patents, and 26 design patents; we had 105 authorised patents, including 3 invention patents, 74 utility model patents and 28 design patents. By the end of 2021, we had applied for 383 patents, including 111 invention patents, 173 utility model patents and 99 design patents; we had authorised 177 patents, including 23 invention patents, 103 utility model patents and 51 design patents. Collaborating with Universities and Research Institutions Innovation is a driving force of the infant formula milk powder industry, which utilises cuttingedge technology. Capitalising on rich intellectual resources at universities and research institutions, we pursue indepth industryuniversityresearch integration and train talents for Feihe and for the industry. This creates key competitive edges and drives highquality development of China's dairy industry. In 2021, we were engaged in industrial research, R&Dand innovation at Heilongjiang Feihe Infant Nutrition and Health Technology Innovation Center, Heilongjiang Milk Powder Series Product Engineering Technology Research Center and Heilongjiang Enterprise Technology Center to commercialise results and develop industrial technicians. We were approved to newly build a postdoctoral workstation and recruited the first postdoctoral in partnership with Northeast Forestry University in 2021 to research goat milk. At present, the project proposal has been completed and is advancing orderly to the next planned step. Postdoctoral research workstation is an effective way for enterprises to gather highlevel talent teams and combine industry, university and research cooperation; it is also an important engine to boost companies' independent innovation toward leapfrog development. Furthermore, the workstation works as anew bridge connecting hightech talents and enterprises. In 2021, we researched the project of analysis of nutritious components of breast milk in China and development and commercialization of milkbased infant formula. The project has achieved results both in scientific research and sales. The project collected 712 breast milk samples throughout the year and detected macronutrients and trace elements. We have applied for a patent and published 14 papers, among which 10 are included in Science Citation Index and 4 are included in Engineering Index. After being put into operation and sold, the products based on the project earned us an income of RMB 750 million, achieving great results. In 2021, Feihe, Heilongjiang Ligao Tech Co., Ltd., Northeast Agricultural University and Northeast Forestry University jointly researched the project of development and commercialization of key ingredients and nutritious formula of dairy products. As a result, our new nutritious milk powder for preventing osteoporosis - Aiben dietary bone formula was sold on the market in September 2021. The project also designed the formula milk powder for pregnant women and other special groups to reduce blood pressure; 8 invention patents have been applied to the fruitful results. The project innovated milk powder technology and enhanced industrial R&D, empowering the dairy industry. Case Case Case Postdoctoral workstation Feihe's breast milk and infant milk powder research project Lead the dairy innovation by joining hands with colleges and universities
52 53 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX The Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 20214 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Feihe attaches importance to ecological harmony and practices environmentallyfriendly policies. Specifically, we integrate the concept of environmental sustainability into regular production, operation and construction through a continuously better environmental protection management system and stricter green production. Meanwhile, Feihe vigorously advocates energy conservation and emission reduction and advances towards a circular economy through innovation and environmental protection campaigns. Dedication to the Ecological Cycle
54 55 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXThe Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 is as follows Waste gas Total waste gas emissionsm 31, 123, 405, 191. 00 1, 711, 320, 300 1, 127, 569, 862. 05 SO 2 emissions Tonne 107. 15 26. 22 59. 78 NOx emissions Tonne 113. 38 106. 02 101. 85 PM emissions Tonne 20. 06 6. 25 15. 98 Smoke emissions Tonne 38. 34 5. 28 16. 19 Waste water Total domestic and industrial wastewater discharge 10, 000 tonnes 96. 23 191. 26 267. 49 COD emissions Tonne 52. 82 148. 08 100. 60 BOD emissions Tonne 10. 97 19. 48 25. 22 Ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonne 0. 99 10. 47 17. 84 CO 2 emissions Total 10, 000 tonnes 36. 21 15. 55 56. 92 Scope 1 10, 000 tonnes 11. 95 8. 52 46. 41 Scope 2 10, 000 tonnes 24. 26 7. 13 10. 51 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per unit Tonne RMB million 0. 0026 0. 00084 0. 0025 Hazardous waste Abandoned laboratory flasks Tonne 5. 58 9. 45 11. 85 Liquid discharge Tonne 7. 73 11. 72 13. 77 Waste engine oil Tonne 2. 14 1. 33 2. 30 Hazardous waste total and density Total Tonne 15. 45 22. 50 27. 92 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 0010 0. 0010 0. 0053 Domestic solid waste Office wastepaper Tonne 5. 52 0. 73 22. 77 Kitchen waste Tonne 75. 70 65. 91 32. 18 Other Tonne 547. 50 763. 68 629. 59 Total industrial solid waste Ash Tonne 2, 196. 02 430. 14 377. 63 Slag Tonne 9, 050. 41 8, 554. 61 5, 154. 06 Sludge Tonne 5. 20 3. 01 6. 20 General solid waste total and density Total Tonne 11, 880. 34 9, 871. 34 6, 222. 43 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 87 0. 53 0. 27 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Notes 1. Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People's Republic of China. 2. Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption GB T 25892008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water. 3. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission. Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. 4. Notes on the statistical method In 2019, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from seven factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co. Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Zhenlai Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, and Tailai Factory. 5. Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula for sulphur dioxide emissions in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the PRC. PSO 2 Q x x 0. 85 x 2 x 10 The formula for calculation of NOX emissions PNOX Q x Where PSO 2 is sulphur dioxide emissions (kg); Q is fuel consumption (tonne); n is sulphur content of fuel ( ). PNOX is NOX emissions (kg); Q is fuel consumption (tonne); u is pollutant discharge coefficient. Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T 25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Energy consumption Electricity 10, 000 k Wh 5, 132. 70 8, 791. 88 9, 496. 59 Coal Tonne 45, 453. 16 32, 897. 17 20, 345. 03 Diesel Liters 57, 859. 82 91, 109. 89 59, 656. 50 Natural gas 10, 000 standard m 3 1, 863. 86 3, 884. 03 4, 809. 75 Steam Tonne 476, 469. 22 541, 714. 26 787, 070. 69 Total comprehensive energy consumption 10, 000 tonnes of standard coal 12. 49 15. 59 17. 69 Comprehensive energy consumption per unit Tonne standard coal RMB million 0. 0009 0. 00084 0. 00078 Water consumption Total office and industrial water consumption 10, 000 tonnes 142. 75 188. 19 325. 70 Water consumption per unit Tonne RMB million 104. 03 299. 68 5, 587. 30 Reduction of COD emissions Tonne 7, 199. 49 1, 998. 40 1, 144. 61 Reduction Reduction of CO 2 emissions Tonne 68, 709. 39 206, 600. 00 83, 248. 53 Reduction of water consumption 10, 000 tonnes 1. 28 10. 72 12. 76 Packaging material consumption Paper, cardboard Tonne 8, 919. 38 20, 208. 00 18, 924. 00 Iron Tonne 16, 573. 48 29, 550. 00 22, 549. 00 Plastic Tonne 4, 485. 70 7, 884. 00 7, 152. 00 Total Tonne 30, 032. 46 57, 696. 00 48, 626. 00
56 57 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Compliance and Green Production We adhere to the concept of green production and strictly manage waste gas, waste water and industrial residue to minimise the environmental impact caused by the production. Our factories regularly maintain equipment and constantly monitor the operation of boilers and sewage treatment plants to ensure their normal operation. In terms of the treatment of the three wastes, we dispose of hazardous wastes in accordance with laws and regulations and have a sound internal system for disposal. We set monthly targets for wastewater and waste gas and ensure that discharges fully meet expected standards. In terms of noise management, we manage the noise within factory boundaries in accordance with laws and reach goals set at the beginning of the year. In 2021, Jilin Factory was awarded Provincial Green factory by Jilin Province and Tailai Factory was awarded Provincial Green Factory by Heilongjiang Province. We have enhanced our waste management, properly disposing of waste generated in operations and reducing environmental damage. Our factories strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, and our own procedures and documents, when managing atsource rectification, temporary storage in warehouses and outbound disposal and wastes are disposed of in a pollutionfree manner by a registered and qualified third party on a regular basis. In 2021, we updated hazardous waste treatment methods (Q HFR 02 SS 005), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment. In 2021, during the project construction, we stacked domestic garbage in the onsite dustbin, and the local municipal sanitation vehicle cleared them out of the site at a fixed time every week; The construction waste was classified and stacked by the constructors. The onsite construction personnel continuously selected the waste materials and recycled them. The unusable materials, such as gravel, were intensively treated to backfill the foundation on the road in the plant; The nonreusable waste was collected by the constructors and repurchased by the waste recycling station. We manage the general solid waste generated by the factory in the whole process inaccordance with the Company's procedures. All factories use technical transformation and conduct team works to reduce the waste of raw materials and packaging materials. At the same time, solid wastes are carefully classified into recyclable and nonrecyclable ones to improve recycling as much as possible. In addition, all employees are informed to sort outwaste. We place different waste bins in public areas for waste classification. Disposing of Solid Waste Enhancing our Environmental Protection We attach importance to its environmental protection system. We abide by the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People's Republic of China. Our own universal management systems for environmental protection include the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations and the Environmental Emergency Response Plan of Feihe (Gannan) Dairy Co., Ltd. Our business department updated and issued targeted documents. Subsidiaries converted these documents into companylevel documents and incorporated them into their EHS document list. Our effective updated system documents include the Manual of the Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Management System, the Hazardous Waste Management System, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations, the Procedures for Environmental and Safety Control of Stakeholders, the Procedures of Exhaust Emissions, and the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation. Based on the sound environmental protection system, we have established a factory management system by implementing the ISO 14001 system and incorporated EHS management structure and risk identification into management and control. In 2021, we experienced no environmental compliance violations. In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certifications. Jinlin Factory will be certified in the first half of 2021.
58 59 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXAdhering to the concept of sustainable development, we require our factories to discharge exhaust gas inaccordance with the Procedures of Exhaust Emissions, to comply with emission requirements. We also reduce exhaust emissions through technical improvements and group learning activities. In 2021, we updated exhaust emissions management methods (Q HFR 02 SS 004), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment. We apply advanced sewage treatment equipment to improve the impact of water pollution and water quality. It also can reduce the impact of sewage and effectively better the surrounding environment for enterprises, cities, rural areas and other places. We use online sewage monitoring equipment, an important part of environmental monitoring. Water quality monitoring can timely and accurately reflect the current water quality. It also provides a favorable scientific basis for strengthening water environment management, controlling pollution sources and scientific environmental planning, so as to effectively control water pollution and protect the overall water environment. Each factory hasan independent sewage treatment plant, which is connected with the urban sewage pipeline and discharged to the urban sewage treatment plant aftertreatment. Reducing Exhaust Emissions Disposing of Wastewater The Qiqihar project uses the separation process of water and sewage. It separates the discharge of polluted water with high concentrations and those with low concentrations during designing the system to reduce the polluted water with high concentrations to be treated, and then achieve energy conservation and environmental protection. Case In terms of machinery selection, we select lownoise machinery or equip them with noise reduction appliances. Machinery generating intense noise on the construction site (such as blenders, electric saws, electric planers and grinders) must be sealed in sheds to reduce the spread of intense noise. The processing and manufacturing of finished and semifinished products - such as prefabricated components, doors and windows - must, as far as possible, be completed in factories and workshops to reduce noise on the construction site, as required by Feihe. In densely populated areas, work hours are strictly controlled night work does not occur later than 22 00, and morning work does not occur earlier than 06 00. If continuous operation or night operation is unavoidable under special circumstances, noise reduction measures must be taken as much as possible. Before construction, we warn nearby residents and send notices of construction to related departments and bureaus. All construction vehicles must meet national inspection requirements, pass annual exhaust tests and obtain certificates of conformity. Other than necessary heavy vehicles (such as cranes, concrete tankers, loaders, and dump trucks), we require vehicles such as climbers and forklifts touse electric drives to reduce exhaust emissions. We diligently maintain machinery and vehicles and prohibit the overloading of machinery fuelled by diesel as fuel to reduce exhaust gas and particulate matter emissions. Managing Noise Managing Vehicle and Exhaust Emissions We adopt hardening construction in all living areas, office areas, material storage areas and temporary construction roads on the construction sites. To prevent the spread of dust, we cover exposed ground, earthwork, gravel and cement with dustproof nets and suppress them with watersprinkling carts on roads and construction areas. We cover residueladen trucks with screening to avoid scattering on roads and wash cars at construction area exits to eliminate pollution. Controlling Dust Safe Construction We impose environmental protection regulations on project construction. We have detailed measures for noise control, vehicle exhaust gas reduction and dust management, and require all factories to strictly observe them.
60 61 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOur projects follow energysaving principles through measures such as heat recovery. We focus on controlling energyintensive facilities inaccordance with regulations during production and operation. We inspect machines regularly to prevent issues such as dripping and leakage. We organise events across departments to promote energysaving awareness among employees by exchanging ideas and experiences. In 2021 the energysaving team in each factory implemented technological improvements, including continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, heat recovery of continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, improved gas steam ratio, supply by the single boiler, added insulation, heat recovery, etc. These measures saved steam and electricity and reduced emissions. As the dairy industry is a waterintensive industry, we attach great importance to water conservation. We have obtained water usage permits in strict accordance with national policies and regulations. We strictly manage water usage and use a resource allocation map to identify loss and eliminate waste. Conserving Energy Saving Water Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction We regard innovation as the core driving force of enterprise development, adhere to the concept of green development, and attach great importance to energy conservation. On the basis of compliance in regular production, we are committed to the practice of energy saving and emissions reduction and innovatory environmental protection innovation measures. We apply new technologies and new models in production and in offices; we reduce energy consumption through technological transformation and group activities. Besides regular operations, we hold the Environmental Day promotes the green office concept, to raise employees' environmental awareness. In 2021, our factories saved about 155, 800 tons of water with the efforts of improvement activities, including water saving by cooling tower, increased water production by pure water machine, reduced water consumption per ton of powder, and the transformation of mechanical sealing water; Meanwhile, from May to October, we saved about 11, 600 tons of water by using the treated wastewater to irrigate the lawn. We strictly use water for the project construction, prohibit the use of deep groundwater and install water meters to monitor usage. We recycle and reuse condensed water from the process to save water. We have upgraded waterconsuming facilities in areas such as cafeterias and bathrooms and widely apply watersaving appliances to reduce wastage. In cons truction In production In daily activities Saving water by upgrading waterconsuming facilities about 155, 800 tonnes Using treated wastewater to irrigate lawns saves about 11, 600 tonnes As the consumer of natural resources, the global dairy faces the challenges in balancing the impact of climate change, regulations and solutions to consumer demand, thus sharing the same interest in reducing greenhouse gas emissions across the supply chain. China Feihe is committed to partaking in the global action on climate change. We have invested a wealth of resources in R&D projects, which have begun to payoff. We will fully discuss how to increase productivity and lower greenhouse gas emissions. China Feihe will continue to make investments to seek innovative emissionreducing technologies and practices. In response to China's goals to peak carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality before 2060, we participated in the review group for the development of the China National Light Industry Council's Evaluation Standard for Green Factory in Dairy Industry organised by the China National Light Industry Council, to offer opinions and comments on relevant standard terms as a company. The project is currently in the consultation process. We also independently developed technological measures to reduce emissions. Supporting Carbon Neutrality Case Photovoltaic panels were installed on the exterior wall of the main production workshop and office building for the Qiqihar project In the Qiqihar project, the south exterior wall of the main production workshop and the office building are installed with photovoltaic panels. While maintaining the same project cost, the convenient and useful photovoltaic panels can save energy by generating power. The clean safe devices are widely used, maintenancefree, with less cost of installation, maintenance and operation, hence they are truly lowcarbon and green. Figuring out our carbon status for efficient efforts in carbon peaking and carbon neutrality Deploying clean energy to transform Monitoring emissions in realtime to reduce emissions through multiple channels In 2021, we held energy system training and promoted the development of energy systems in Tailai Factory; each factory conducted its carbon inventory. We reduce carbon emissions from fossil energy by increasing the proportion of renewable energy during production and operation. In 2021, we discussed green energy issues with multiple photovoltaic and green energy suppliers. Longjiang Factory has signed a photovoltaic project agreement with a third party who would fund and build the installed capacity of 5. 335 MW. The project will commence at the beginning of 2022 and optoelectronics will be available at the end of 2022; Other factories have also started negotiations on photovoltaic projects, such as the 5. 7 MW photovoltaic project in Kedong Factory, the 5. 6 MWphotovoltaic project in Gannan Factory, the 3. 12 MW photovoltaic project in Tailai Factory and the 4. 3 MW photovoltaic project for Jilin Factory and Zhenlai Factory. Those cooperation projects are expected to be signed in 2022. In 2021, we updated the Waste Gas Emission Management Procedure. All factories strictly followed the exhaust emission standards, which were regularly tested by third parties. The gasfired boilers in Kedong Factory, Gannan Factory and Longjiang Factory have been installed with online waste gas monitoring to seethe emission at any time. Meanwhile, we reduce energy consumption and waste gas emission. We build plants in plants to shorten the distance to transport materials, replace barreled oil with oil tank trucks to reduce heating hours and transporting distance in the plant, and conduct group activities and other measures.
62 63 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarmonious coexistence between humans and nature Hanging banners 6 928 Painting for environmental protection 1 55 Garbage sorting 1 457 Environmental knowledge competition 1 45 Environment Day activities around Harmonious coexistence between human and nature 1 380 Distributing brochures 1 28 Cleaning plants' surroundings 1 40 The slogan work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to publicise green ideas 1 453 Encouraging saving power at the office Promote energysaving lamps to save electricity in the office; Advocate employee to turn off lights when leaving rooms; Install multiple switches, to turn on lights only in sections where they are needed. Equipment, such as computers and printers, is turned off during lunch breaks and after work; Air conditioners are used less frequently and increase the equipment temperature if possible; Set the central air conditioning to the temperature of 23 degrees in office space; use no air conditioning in winter; Place reminders for energy conservation; Promote conservation to employees at morning meetings; Arrange personnel on duty in the office to check all electrical equipment everyday afterwork and turn off them in time. We extend the environmental protection to office management and save energy first in the offices. We implement production schedule management to effectively connect departments and processes. We encourage employees to save water, paper and electricity and to reduce the environmental impact of their consumption. Our final goal is to lead more people to live green life. Our green office policy includes Greening our Offices Advocating paperless office Promote paperless office, save singlesideprinted paper for printing on the other side, to reduce our consumption of paper; Introduce an office automation system; The office purchases duplex printers to save paper in the office. Promoting video conferencing Encourage the use of video conferencing to reduce business trips. To enhance employees' environmental awareness, and respond to Environment Day 2021's theme of Harmonious coexistence between humans and nature, we organised our own campaign. The activities mainly included painting for environmental protection, cleaning plants' surroundings, environmental knowledge competition, etc. Our departments promoted environmental protection to employees at morning meetings, with an emphasis that discarded electronic products should not be discarded at will. And we shared posters and slogans in We Chat groups, including work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to guide employees to pay attention to and care for the environment. About 2, 386 employees were engaged in the activity. Celebrating Environmental Day Environment Day Content Sessions Participants Environment Day activities
64 65 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Care for Health 5 Rural Revitalization Combating COVID 19 We are an enthusiastic supporter of the charity. Under our strategy, we hold diversified charity activities in three fields care for health, targeted poverty alleviation and combating the pandemic. We care about the health of mothers and babies, continue to deeply participate in poverty alleviation, and contribute to antipandemic efforts. In 2021, we were active in social charity and donated RMB 16. 047 million throughout the year. Devotion to Philanthropic Causes
66 67 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCare for Health As a leader in infant milk powder, we have been focused on the practical needs of mothers and infants and innovated the education, medical treatment and health. In 2021, we helped each Chinese family solve problems in parenting and help build the proper values of children rearing through a variety of activities. We also provide comprehensive services for postpartum woman and do our best to boost the happiness of each family. Case Case Feihe's motherandbaby room phase II project startedA rare rainstorm in Zhengzhou, Henan touched the people allover the country. The heavy rains and standing water have disrupted transportation, increasingly leading to food shortages. Especially the middleaged and elderly, babies and other special groups were in urgent need of adequate nutrition. On July 23, 2021, Chine Feihe immediately distributed hundreds of boxes of nutritious food to the children, pregnant women and the elderly groups stranded in the station and major hospitals in Zhengzhou. The donation provides enough food and nutritional supplement to babies in spite of inconvenient transportation and material shortage. In June 2021, the inauguration ceremony of the motherandbaby room phase II project sponsored by China Feihe and Women of China, a magazine for women, was held in Beijing under the theme of Small space, full of love. China Feihe is committed to solving the difficulties for working mothers to nurse babies in the workplace and better helping the healthy development of mothers and babies. The phase I motherandbaby room, built by the China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, China Mobile and CCCC Infrastructure Maintenance Group, has been officially put into use. The phase II project will help build motherandbaby rooms in more companies to benefit working mothers with more practical care. We always keep our social responsibility in mind, takes poverty alleviation as one of our missions, and uphold the concept of developing the Company, giving back to society and supporting poverty alleviation. We support industrial development, healthcare and education, aim for breakthroughs in the overall poverty alleviation drive, and contribute our wisdom to targeted efforts. Rural Revitalization To achieve poverty alleviation via industrial development, we implement an innovative industrial cluster development model to promote the development of upstream forage planting and milk source development and incorporate local professional farms (agricultural companies) and pastures into the industrial cluster chain. Currently, we work closely with a professional agricultural company at the front end of the industrial chain, nine supporting agricultural companies, and eight modern core factories, with a total planting area of 600, 000 mu (40, 000 hectares). We also cooperate with two 200, 000 ton fodderprocessing factories for fodder processing and production. The Feihe Industrial Cluster has turned the land of poor households in Heilongjiang into fodder land, so those households enjoy direct rental income. This initiative increased the value of more than 1 million mu (0. 67 million hectares) of farmland in the province, created 150, 000 jobs, and boosted the income of 150, 000 farmers. It promoted the transfer of rural labour and the transformation of the industrial structure. In terms of poverty alleviation with healthcare, to facilitate medical treatment in poor areas, we donated basic medical facilities to hospitals in many regions. The Company donated medical equipment worth millions to hospitals in Gannan and Kedong, contributing to the development of local medical services. The research team of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences published the latest Blue Book on Corporate Philanthropy in 2021 Based on the Perspective of the Third Distribution ( the Blue Book ). The report deeply researches the characteristics of Chinese corporate philanthropy indifferent stages by collecting the branded charity projects of 15 enterprises. China Feihe was selected as an excellent example in the Blue Book, representing the recognition by the industry for our contributions to innovative assistance models across the industry value chain and helping rural revitalization. At the 13 th Blue Book on Corporate Social Responsibility Event and the 2021 Winter Summit of ESG China Forum in Beijing, the first Textbook on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) in China was released at the conference, in which Feihe was selected as an excellent case. The total agricultural acreage reached 0. 6 million mu Drive the increase of cultivated land in Heilongjiang Province above 1 million mu Feihe donated nutritional materials to floodhit Zhengzhou
68 69 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Cumulative investment in upgrading school infrastructure, organizing teacher training, etc RMB 24 million Accumulated donations for the Charity Bright Tour campaign RMB 2. 93 million Donated top medical equipment to multiple hospitals in 11 counties RMB 176 million Feihe creates jobs for the society 150, 000 Since the 19 th National Congress of the CPC decided to deploy and prioritise rural revitalization, the strategy has become an overall and historic task related to the full building of a modern socialist country. In recent years, rural revitalization has achieved allaround development in China thanks to joint efforts which are led by the government, partaken by enterprises, powered by technology and supported by the public. In this process, relying on our full industry value chain, we fully drive partners upstream and downstream to move forward and build a chain of shared prosperity. In the industry value chain upstream, Feihe standardises agricultural development by transferring lands, offering job opportunities and conducting skill training, thus increasing farmers' incomes and promoting industrial development; in terms of the factory, we pioneer the factoryinfactory model, which not only provides more jobs for those in need but also boost the development of local logistics and transportation and related industries. Meanwhile, we also continue to open the access to learning and sharing to partners, so that they can improve their technical level and management capabilities for better development. It has been proved that our innovative industrial assistance model has stimulated the local economy. We have created 150, 000 jobs for the communities, improved the incomes of 150, 000 farmers, and increased the value of more than 1 million mu (66, 666. 67 hectares) of arable land in Heilongjiang. We coordinated the growth of different industries as an important engine for the regional economy. Our charity footprint has covered all walks of life. In addition to industrial assistance, we also alleviate poverty through medical and health services. We donated RMB 176 million of globally top medical equipment to 11 hospitals in Gannan, Kedong and other counties in succession and engaged top medical experts in China in charitable activities. Our donation of RMB 2. 93 million for the Charity Bright Tour activity has benefited 1, 466 people with eye diseases. To improve education in underdeveloped areas, we have also initiated the Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation. The program has invested more than RMB 24 million in upgrading school infrastructure, training teachers, and giving grants to poor students. It aims to protect underdeveloped students' right to education, help enhance teaching standards and improve quality education. As a responsible enterprise, we have been earnestly fulfilling our social responsibility. The inclusion into the model cases of charity in the Blue Book is a recognition and anew starting point. We will continue to deepen the model of poverty alleviation via industrial development and move forward in such fields to power rural revitalization and socioeconomic development. Case China Welloff Milk Campaign in Anhui to help poor students and promote rural revitalization Case Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation in Yuannan again to protect teenagers with Feihe's responsibility Our Rural Revitalization Contribution Plan, apart of China's Welloff Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Guanzhuang Town, Qianshan City, Anhui Province on October 13, 2021, 2021. At the scene, we announced that we would donate 7, 200 cases of student formula milk power worth RMB 396, 000 to primary and secondary schools in Guanzhuang Town. Also, we would setup a paired assistance base for rural revitalization to provide highquality nutrition so that children could the healthily grow up and the education was better reformed here. Our Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation, apart of China's Welloff Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Jiahe Township, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er, Yunnan Province on June 22, 2021. Following our donation to an ethnic minority orphanage school in Lijiang, Yunnan last year, our education assistance program helped Jiahe Hope School in Jiangcheng County. As a member of the top 20 in China's dairy industry (D 20), we actively responded to the call for China's Welloff Milk Campaign. From 2017 to 2021, with the theme of Warm sunshine to spread boundless love, the program spread love to primary and secondary school students allover the country. In total, we donated more than RMB 4 million of student milk powder to 66 schools from 8 provinces and 20 regions. We used our joint efforts to realise the dream of a healthy China, which presented the powerful potentials of a Chinese dairy company. Donated 600 cases of student formula worth RMB 39, 6000 The total price of donated milk powder for students exceeds RMB 4 million
70 71 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCombating COVID 19 In 2021, the COVID 19 continued to rage. Feihe used its strengths in products, resources, logistics and transportation to ensure a supply of nutrition to frontline medical workers and to protect the health of mothers and infants. We drove upstream and downstream enterprises to rise to the challenges together, to maintain the stability of the Chinese infant milk powder market, and to bolster the momentum of China's rapid control of the pandemic and its economic and social recovery, showing the responsibility of a leading dairy company with practical actions. Case China Feihe donated antipandemic materials to Wangkui, Heilongjiang Case China Feihe donated antipandemic materials including ambulances to Heihe City On January 29, 2021, the 2 million funds and products worth RMB 2. 04 million donated by China Feihe has been transported to the antipandemic areas in Wangkui County, Suihua City, Heilongjiang Province to supply pandemic prevention materials and nutrients. On November 6, 2021, as required by the actual need, China Feihe donated two negative pressure ambulances and nutritional products worth RMB 1 million to Heihe city to help fight the pandemic with practical actions. Feihe was willing to share hardship with local people in the hometown. At the site, Zhao Hongliang, chairman of China Feihe Natural Dairy, commented that Heihe City would win the battle against the pandemic soon and resume production and life. Recognition On September 5, 2021, we were awarded the China Charity Awards for our outstanding contribution to combating the COVID 19 at the 11 th National China Charity Awards conference. The China Charity Award is the top influential award in China's charity issued by the Ministry of Civil Affairs every two years. On October 29, 2021, the 17 th Summit Forum on CSR in China hosted by China News Service and China Newsweek was held in Beijing, which was themed Evolved Responsibility For Common Prosperity. we were awarded the 2021 Responsible Enterprise on the best CSR list due to our efforts in charity, such as helping the weak and the needy, offering education and medical services, especially contributions to combating the COVID 19. 2021 Responsible Enterprise China Charity Awards
72 73 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Dedication to the Ecological Cycle Devotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXESG Index of HKEX ESG Indicator Location Environmental Aspect A 1 Emissions General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. P 56 P 59, P 61 KPI A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. P 54 KPI A 1. 2 Total greenhouse gas emission (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P 54 KPI A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P 54 KPI A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P 54 KPI A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P 57 P 59 KPI A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP 57 Aspect A 2 Use of Resource General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. P 60 KPI A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P 55 KPI A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P 55 KPI A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P 60 KPI A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP 60 KPI A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit producedP 55 Aspect A 3 The Environmental and Natural Resources General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources. P 56 P 63 KPI A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. P 56 P 63 Aspect A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P 61 KPI A 4. 1 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P 61 Social Aspect B 1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P 32, P 35 P 37, P 44 KPI B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region. P 32 KPI B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. P 33 Aspect B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P 40 P 42 KPI B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P 40 KPI B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury P 40 KPI B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P 40 P 42 Aspect B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. Note Training refers to vocational training. It may include internal and external courses paid by the employer. P 36 P 39 KPI B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). P 38 KPI B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. P 38 Aspect B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. P 32 KPI B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. P 32 P 33 KPI B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. P 32 P 33 ESG Indicator Location
74 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Aspect B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. P 46 P 48 KPI B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. P 47 KPI B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. P 46 P 47 KPI B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P 46 P 48 KPI B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P 46 P 47 Aspect B 6 Product Responsibility General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P 22 P 24, P 27 KPI B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. P 24 KPI B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P 27 KPI B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. P 50 KPI B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. P 24 KPI B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. P 27 Aspect B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P 18 P 19 KPI B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. P 18 KPI B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. P 18 P 19 KPI B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. P 19 Aspect B 8 Community Investment General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. P 66 P 71 KPI B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). P 66 P 71 KPI B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. P 66 P 70 ESG Indicator Location
Address Star City Int'l Bldg, 10 Jiuxianqiao Rd, C 16 th Floor, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 100016 Tel 86 10 8457 4688 Fax 86 108456 7871 Website www. feihe. com
