(20212022)Environmental Social Governance Report Honor Device Co., Ltd.
Our ESG Committee George Zhao Fei Fang Leverage the power of technology to bridge the digital divide, fora future of creativity. Bing Ma We have the patience and confidence to make HONOR green, caring and responsible. The biggest social responsibility fora technology company is to inspire people with smart technology and to create a more imaginative future, thus more people can benefit from our products and services. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Biao Wan Commercial value coexist with social value, and innovation and responsibility are indispensable.
HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Our ESG Working Group
Contents Contents 01 13 3106 100 10116 24 28 30 63 68 7033 34 35 96 97 9973 76 78 82 8388 9241 57 Green products, our common choice Green manufacturing, green technology Green operation, green enterprise Green partners, harmoniously coexist with the nature Environmental Sound privacy management system Privacy protection capability building Our practice Privacy and Security Bridge the digital divide by technology and create a better future Technology, leads a healthier life Tech for Good HONOR Talents Explore a combination between technology and art HONOR Magic Moments Photography fuels the new power of culture HONOR Creativity Challenge Build a stage for young people to realize their dreams Youth Empowerment Diversified and fair development opportunities Various training, cultivation of people is cultivation of future Care for our people, improve their happiness Communicate with and listen to employees Ensure occupational health and safety Employee Development Supplier CSR Management Industrial cooperation fora harmonious ecology Harmony Industry Development Compliance management system construction HONOR compliance best practice Compliance capability building Responsible Governance Report Overview About Our ESG Looking Forward Appendix 39 60 71 86 9401. Protect our common home 02. Your privacy, our priority 03. Leverage the power of technology to bridge the digital divide 04. Inspire young people to show talents 05. Dedicated employees as foundation and create the future together 06. Build a harmonious ecology 07. Compliance is the fundamental of our businessHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Report Overview 01
02 ESG Milestones Obtained ISO certifications, such as ISO 14001, ISO 45001, and ISO 27001. Released our environmental progress for the first time. Obtained ISO IEC 27701 certification. Chairman Wan Biao delivered a speech at a session titled Digital Economy for Social Good at the Bo'ao Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2022, explaining HONOR's effort to bridge the digital divide, improve product accessibility, and enable everyone to enjoy digital services equally. Held HONOR Talents Art Exhibition in Guangzhou to improve our global influence. Released HONOR ESG Strategies. Setup accessibility working team. Released HONOR Code of Conduct. Won the title of National Intelligent Manufacturing Demonstration Factory. HONOR X 30 Max series mobile phone running on Magic UI 5. 0 obtained TLC certification (standards for the elderlyfriendly technology). Established ESG Committee. Won the title of 2021 Smart Innovation Technology Enterprise in Guangdong. Officially joined UN Global Compact. Held the first HONOR Talents Art Exhibition in Beijing to showcase our idea of youth empowerment. March 2021 Feb 2022 March April April August November DecemberHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
03 May 2022 Nov Dec June July August Sept Established EHS Committee and EHS working team. Held annual HONOR Talents Global Design Competition 2022. Participated in the Technology Accessibility Development Conference and delivered a keynote speech. The accessibility function of HONOR mobile phones was listed as 2022 Cases of Technology Accessibility Development Conference. Fang Fei, HONOR Product Line President, participated in the 2022 Forbes China Women's Forum to demonstrate female leadership. Participated in the launch of Guide of Mobile Phone Waste Recycle and Public Mobilization sponsored by the China Association of Circular Economy, and became the first initiator for the safe recycling and environmentfriendly disposal of mobile phone waste. Completed the CDP questionnaire for the first time and acquired Level B. Be capable of providing online and offline accessibility service. Held HONOR Talents Art Exhibition in Mexico City, the first overseas show. Participated in the 2022 China International Fair for Trade in Services and delivered a keynote speech on the session of International Forum on ESG and Sustainable Investment. Participated in the 5 th ChinaASEAN Information Harbor Forum and made a speech, introducing our ESG progress. The journal of China Association of Circular Economy included HONOR's green practice. Participated in GDI for SDG event organized by United Nations Global Compact and joined in its pilot project release on the session titled of Hongqiao International Economic Forum, China International Import Expo. Participated in the 2022 China Circular Economy Development Forum and delivered a keynote speech. CEO Zhao Ming delivered a speech at the 2022 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit, introduced our ESG progress, particularly the HONOR Talents program and our effort on green development. Participated in the Forum on Urban Biodiversity and Sustainable Development organized by WWF. Conducted the accessibility service hotline training and launched the accessible hotline. Completed carbon inventory for the first time and obtained ISO 14064 certification. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
04 Key Data Tech For Good We ll achieve carbon neutrality in 2045. Our carbon emission will be reduced by 36 in 2035 against 2022. Well use 100 renewable energy in 2045 and reduce carbon emission by 88. 75 of our production line is automatic, creating a highproductive, highefficient and lowcarbon emission production mode. Voice Assistant YOYO provides 190 million times of smart services each month. Magnification gesture benefits over 140 thousand each month. We have built a global privacy management system, providing users with comprehensive privacy and security protection. We responsibly handle electronic waste and have recycled a total of 1, 785 tons of electronic waste. Have 5 pillar of privacy safeguard based on 5 privacy design principles. Nearly 4 million users use Magic Text each month. By Dec 2022, HONOR was capable of providing online and offline accessibility service. We reduced carbon emissions by approximately 69, 435 tons in 20212022 by replacing physical meetings with virtual meetings. We have obtained a series of international certification on privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO and e Privacyseal. The Screen Reader benefits over 2. 9 million people each month. AI Subtitles benefits over 700 thousand people each month. In 2022, the privacy awareness training covered 100 employees. 104 products have achieved Class A environment certification of China Quality Certification Centre (CQC) 98 packages of Magic Vs phones use nonplastic material. Environmental Privacy and Security 2045 75 Capability 190 million 140 thousand Allaround accessible service 4 million 2. 9 million 700 thousand 5 Certification 100 1, 785 t 69, 435 t 104 98 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
05 Key Data HONOR Talents Global Design Awards has attracted 13, 000 entries, covering 164 colleges. HONOR Academy has 5, 000 courses online and empowered a total of 160, 000 employees in 2022. We have created over 24, 000 indirect jobs. Over 30 employee associations have organized various activities with a total of over 15, 000 participants. In 2022, the participation rate of EHS awareness training reached 100. We have created over 13, 000 direct jobs. The 2022 HONOR Creativity Challenge has attracted over 2, 300 students. Youth Empowerment Employee Development 13, 000 24, 000 In 2022, over 182 EHS professional trainings were conducted 182164 5, 000 160 thousand 15, 000 100 13, 000 Supplier CSR onsite evaluation covered 210, 000 workers on the supply chain, focusing on their benefits, health and safety. Supply chain survey cover over 200 smelters and refiners. Share the Due Diligence Management results of Responsibility Minerals with stakeholders. Carbon inventory project cover over 50 suppliers. Actively carry out carbon inventory to enhance suppliers' management capabilities of Greenhouse Gas. Sustainability audit cover over 40 suppliers. Emphasize and continue to promote sustainable progress in the supply chain. Supplier CSR 210, 000 200 50 40 In 2022, 100 our compliance practitioners attended training and passed examinations. In 2022, we have carried out 8 compliance internal promotion, covering privacy, trade compliance, antibribery, financial sanctions, business secrets, competition law compliance and others. Responsible Governance 100 8 HONOR Magic Moments has attracted over 300, 000 entries in 2022. 300, 000 2, 300 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
About Our ESG 06 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
07 A Letter from CEO Over the past two years since its fresh start, HONOR has worked earnestly on developing its products and technologies to create an ideal future for all. We have made strategic investments for the future unswervingly even during times of uncertainty and improved our competitiveness in the global market on the basis of developing a highend, smart product ecosystem. We firmly believe in our mission. While promoting our own development, we always uphold the principle to make technology work for the good, undertake social responsibilities, protect the environment, and promote social progress. We are convinced that the greatest social responsibility of a technology company is to inspire more people with smart technology to create a better future and benefit more people with our products and services so that we can build an intelligent world for everyone. Since our establishment, we have made the concept of environmental, social and governance (ESG) into our genes. In 2021, we established an ESG committee to carry out various ESG work and strive to achieve our sustainable development. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
belief of Your privacy, Our priority, we must put privacy first in the pursuit of technology and continue to build the trustworthy brand. HONOR builds a harmonious and healthy ecosystem We join hands with all partners to seek common development. We and our upstream and downstream partners adhere to strict labor and environmental standards to build a harmonious industrial chain. We provide our employees with competitive salary and benefits and good career development opportunities. We actively empower young people with new technologies such as artificial intelligence and our resources to make more achievements. The HONOR Talents Global Design Awards launched in 2020, which provided a platform for global designers and creatives to exchange ideas, have dialogues, and explore the possibilities. It also demonstrates the powerful technological innovation and art of HONOR. The event provides a stage for young talents in the design field to display their ingenuity and make crosscultural communication. HONOR deserves your trust We value business ethics, compliance management, privacy protection, cyber security and information security, which are the cornerstones of our brand. We strictly abide by all applicable laws and regulations, adhere to the business integrity and ethics, and establish a professional compliance system that is integrated into all our processes and activities. Consumercentric is our core value. We never gain business profits at the cost of the interests of society and others. Although the journey ahead maybe long and arduous, with sustained actions, we will eventually reach our destination and embrace a brighter future and create an intelligent world for everyone. 08 Greener HONOR, Better World Minimizing the impact on the environment has always been the guideline for us. We embed the green and circular economy into product design and continuously optimize our green indicators by carrying out the carbon footprint calculation of the whole life cycle to reduce resources and energy consumption. We continuously increase the use of clean energy in our operation and join hands with our partners in the upstream and downstream industrial chains to conduct energy saving activities to mitigate the impact of climate change. We also work together with industry organizations such as the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and China Circular Economy Association to protect our common green planet. HONOR brings warm technologies for all The value of technology is not only to create products but also to empower all people and bridge the digital divide. Our accessible products allow tens of millions of people with visual or hearing impairment to enjoy the digital world smoothly. We take the elderly's special needs into consideration and bring them suitable products. We care for children's health and build a safe fence for them in the digital world. Our wearable devices enable users to manage their health easily and accurately. We are constantly improving our products, promoting innovations, and creating products that meet people's demands so that everyone can equally enjoy the benefits brought by technology. HONOR prioritizes users privacy and safety Privacy is abasic right of our users, and we've made privacy protection a prerequisite for all the products and services we provide. From initial design to final delivery, we put privacy considerations into every step and give users autonomous control over their personal information. We continue to provide users with comprehensive privacy protection through innovative privacy protection technologies. By following the HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
09 About HONOR Established in 2013, HONOR is a leading global provider of smart devices. We are committed to becoming a global iconic tech brand and enabling a smart life across all scenarios and all channels, for all people. With a strategic focus on innovation, quality and service, HONOR is dedicated to developing technology that empowers people around the globe to go beyond through its R&D capabilities and forwardlooking technology, aswell as creating anew intelligent world for everyone with its portfolio of innovative products. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Innovation Powered by our strong innovation, we keep providing users with highend, global, and smart product series and services so that everyone can share the benefits brought about by digital progress and create their own smart world. At present, we have more than 13, 000 employees worldwide, of which the R&D team accounts for more than 60. We also have 6 R&D centers and more than 100 innovation laboratories. With the underlying architecture of MagicOS and HONOR Connect, we have created a crossdevice and crosssystem smart solution for users' daily life. Different central devices can be used indifferent scenarios and other devices can have seamless collaboration with the central device. Consequently, users can enjoy a seamless experience and have their various demands met in all scenarios such as daily life, education, work, sports, home, and entertainment. High quality Accumulatively, we have put in place over 600 quality control standards for all processes, covering product design, purchase, R&D, and manufacturing. Each HONOR phone needs to go through more than 400 strict tests and more than 20 global certifications. HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park, which integrates R&D, trial production, mass production and testing, is the only demonstration manufacturer certified by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in the mobile phone industry. With highprecision automation equipment and information integration system, we are able to create an information integration system and bring more high quality and innovative products to consumers in a smarter way. Our highprecision automation equipment can achieve high assembly accuracy with only a variance of 75 microns, greatly reducing the defects caused by human operations. At present, our digital control rate of key equipment is 100 and networking rate of key equipment is 95. Our MES (manufacturing execution system) makes production resources transparent, quality data analyzable, and production process traceable. Service We insist on being usercentered and providing users with highquality services. In order to provide fast and efficient services to global consumers, we have over 3, 000 service centers and 9 regional call centers, covering more than 100 countries and regions around the world. The first Friday, Saturday, and Sunday of each month are HONOR Service Days, during which we provide special care and service for consumers.
10 ESG Governance Since our establishment, we have built a welldefined ESG management structure that consists of the ESG committee and the ESG working group. The ESG committee is responsible for leading the company's ESG management work. We hold regular ESG committee meetings to review the ESG strategic goals and progress. We are committed to seven directions, namely environmental, privacy and security, technology for good, youth empowerment, employee development, supplier CSR and responsible governance. Under its guidance, we also established an ESG working group, whose members are from various departments such as R&D, Production, Procurement, and Supply Chain Management. Its job is to integrate the ESG strategy into the business process and carry out various ESG work step by step to achieve the sustainable development goal of the company. ESG Management Structure Strategic Directions Environmental Privacy and Security Tech For Good Youth Empowerment Employee Development Supplier CSRResponsible Governance Setting Target Execution Plan Plan and improvement ESG Information disclosureESG Committee ESG Working Group HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
11 Stakeholder Engagement and Communication Stakeholders interest & our response Stakeholder engagement is an important part of our promotion of ESG. We actively communicate with stakeholders, understand and respond to their expectations and needs in a timely manner, and maintain close contact with them, so as to achieve winwin cooperation, and build a sustainable business ecosystem. Stakeholders Governments and regulators Investors and shareholders Customers Employees Suppliers and business partners Industry associations Community Key Topics of Interest Communication and response Abide by laws and regulations Cooperate with national policies Compliant business Business planning and growth Highquality products and services User privacy protection Business integrity Benefits and salary Care for employees Healthy and safe working environment Winwin cooperation Fairness and openness Abide by code of conduct Promote industry development Fair competition Community construction Talent cultivation Care for special groups Participate in industrial seminars Empower partners with innovative technologies Resist unfair competition Create local jobs Organize competition events for youth Provide accessible products and services Improve supplier management system Build communication platform for suppliers Improve product and service quality Establish sound privacy protection system Improve complaint handling procedure Improve salary and welfare system Conduct various activities Consolidate EHS management system Advance company's compliance system Regularly communicate with shareholders Cooperate with regulators for inspection Implement government requirements Organize training events and improve promotion mechanism Career developmentHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
12 Materiality Assessment We attach great importance to the identification, analysis and management of material issues. Based on the external market environment and our business development plan, we conduct evaluation and analysis on our ESG and learn from leading companies. We rank their significance from the two dimensions, namely impact on stakeholders and impact on HONOR and build a matrix to guide our ESG work and achieve business sustainability. Impact on stakeholders Impact on HONORHigh High Low Low Data security & privacy protection Climate change response Employees rights and interests Information accessibility Employee training and development Sustainable supply chain Corporate governance Circular economy Consumer service Industrial cooperation and development Youth empowerment Occupational health and security Diversity and inclusiveness Employee communication and participation Responsible raw material procurement Community practice and contribution Green operation Product safety and quality Product R&D Business ethics and complianceHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
SDGs in this chapter Environmental 13 We are committed to the principle of reducing the impact on the environment while providing highquality products and services to hundreds of millions of consumers. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
14 Environmental Set up a green product technology management team to integrate green concept into the product development process. 104 products have achieved Class A environment certification of China Quality Certification Centre (CQC). Reduce paper consumption by optimizing user guide, which prevents about 1, 200 trees from being cut down per year. We responsibly handle electronic waste and have recycled a total of 1, 785 tons of electronic waste. 75 of our production line is automatic, creating a highproductive, high efficient and lowcarbon emission production mode. Publish HONOR Substance List, which clarifies regulated chemical substances, and actively remove potentially harmful substances beyond regulatory requirements. Calculate carbon footprint of mobile phones and tablets and publish environmental information reports. Build an internal platform for secondhand transaction and idle asset sharing. A total of more than 1, 000 pieces of office and R&D equipment have been reused through the platform. Have online video conference call and reduce business travels. In 2021 and 2022, we have reduced about 69, 435 tons of carbon emissions. A total of 3, 861 tons of harmful chemical substances have been removed. Nearly a thousand reliability tests are conducted for all products to improve their durability. Highlights Set up ambitious greenhouse gas emission reduction target By 2045 achieving carbon neutrality in our operation. Green Concept 2045 104 3, 861 1, 200 1, 000 Carbon Footprint Substance List 75 69, 435 1, 000 1, 785 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
204515 In recent years, climate change has caused an unprecedented impact on our world, and we are facing increasing uncertainty of the macro environment for our business operations. Since Chinese government proposed carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, enterprises have also shifted toa sustainable development model that takes into account both the environment and society. With the proposal of Circular Economy Action Plan by EU, various enterprises have greatly promoted energy conservation and emission reduction for sustainable economic development. In response to national policies and international calling, HONOR has taken a new step towards lowcarbon transformation. Carbon emission reduction goals become a vital part of our development strategy. We strive to achieve emission peak by 2030. By 2045, we will achieve carbon neutrality in our own operation, make sure all the energy we use are renewable, and reduce carbon emissions by 88 compared to the level of 2022. Since the supply chain is the main emission source of the industry, we plan to promote our TOP 100 suppliers to set carbon reduction targets and take solid actions by 2030. We believed that the following four pillars are the key to our goal, namely green products, green operation, green manufacturing, and green partners. Only by integrating the concept of environment protection, energy saving and emission reduction into the four pillars can we successfully achieve this goal. Achieve emission peak Promote TOP 100 suppliers to set carbon reduction targets and take solid actions. Reduce carbon emissions by 36 against 2022. Achieve carbon neutrality in our own operation. Reduce carbon emissions by 88 against 2022. Use 100 renewable energy. 2035 2030 Four pillars to carbon neutrality 1. Carry out comprehensive energy conservation and emission reduction activities to improve energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption. 2. Accurately manage energy consumption such as system renovation for lighting, power, heating, cooling, and kitchen electrification. 3. Promote remote meetings and green commuting in the industrial park. 4. Install photovoltaic power generation on qualified sites to provide clean energy. 5. Purchase electricity generated by renewable energy to reduce emissions. 1. Improve product energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption during product use. 2. Improve product durability and extend product life cycle to reduce resource consumption. 3. Use green packaging such as downsized and light weight packages. 4. Improve the utilization rate of recycled materials. 5. Increase recycling and tradein efforts. 1. Carry out energy efficiency projects for suppliers to help them on energy conservation and emission reduction. 2. Encourage require suppliers to undertake clean energy projects. 3. Adopt lowcarbon transportation. 1. Promote carbon sequestration or removal by cooperating with professional agents on projects such as planting trees and protecting wetlands. 2. Invest in carbon removal. Green Operation Green Product Green Manufacturing Green Partners HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
16 Green products, our common choice HONOR Magic 4 Pro Carbon Footprint In order to build a green product system and create more competitive green products, we established Green Product Technology Management Team in 2021. Led by R&D department, it organizes seminars on industrial policies, regulations, green production technical specifications, and environmental protection technology, aiming to ensure the implementation of the environment protection during the whole process from R&D to aftersales service. Sofar, 104 HONOR products have obtained the Grade A certification from China Quality Certification Center (CQC). HONOR Magic 4 Pro Life Cycle Analysis 74. 1 kg CO 2 e Raw Material & Manufacturing 91. 21 Mobile Phone Assembly 2. 42 Distribution 0. 59 Consumer Use 5. 63 End of Life Disposal 0. 61 1 PAS 2050 Publicly Available Specification (PAS) 2050 2008 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services. is the world's first product carbon footprint method standard issued by the British Standards Institution (BSI). 1 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Greener products mean less emissions and less impact on the environment, which is our consistent goal. We deeply integrate the concept of green and circular economy into the whole life cycle of product development, actively develop and introduce applicable green and lowcarbon technologies, promote green design and green manufacturing, and produce more ecofriendly products. In order to have a clearer understanding of the impact and footprint of our products, we calculated the environmental data of the full life cycle of our products based on the ISO 14064 14067 and PAS 2050 standards in 2022. We collected firsthand data from upstream and downstream suppliers and built a mode to ensure the authenticity and accuracy of data sources. Now we have completed the carbon footprint calculation and data disclosure of all major projects including mobile phones and tablets. According to the evaluation, more than 80 of the carbon emissions of our products come from raw materials and production stages. We will further explore potential emission reduction opportunities from the source of production and manufacturing, formulate targeted plans, and continuously optimize the environmental performance by introducing more green concepts. 1
17 Greener package Product packaging carries the language and attitude of HONOR. While pursuing a good user experience, we advocate lightweight, smallsized, harmless, easily recyclable and environmentally friendly packaging to reduce resource consumption and convey the green concept. In practice, we have first adopted the lightweight and attractive packaging designs. At the same time, we have innovated diversified product packaging and incorporated green practices in every aspect of the packaging design process. For PC packaging, we have adopted a more concise and integrated folding scheme, which ensures safe transportation while reducing paper usage. We have reduced paper usage by optimizing content structure and layout design. The average page count of paper manuals for our products has been reduced by 40. In 2021, we saved about 74 tons of paper usage and reduced 77 tons of CO 2 emissions by optimizing the printed materials for our PC and wearable products. In 2022, we have expanded this practice to more products. The total amount of paper saved for all HONOR products is about 39. 12 million A 4 pages, equivalent to 1, 304 trees saved, and we have also reduced ink consumption, which is equivalent to saving 81, 500 ink cartridges. The mobile phone tray of the Magic series is made of bagasse to reduce the consumption of wood. In order to prevent pollution, we try to reduce the use of singleuse plastics in the packaging. At present, the plastic removal rate of the HONOR Magic Vs packaging has reached 98. We will further optimize our products and strive to achieve zero plastic packaging as soon as possible. Compared with the Magic V, each Magic Vs series phone packaging weights 40 g lighter. It is estimated that every million mobile phones can save 40 tons of packaging materials. We have optimized the dimensions of the TV packaging and reduced the weight of corrugated boxes and EPS cushioning materials. It is expected to reduce packaging material by 560 tons while still managing to ensure safe transportation. Each HONOR Magic Vs package is 40 g lighter than before. 40 g We have reduced paper usage by 245 tons through reducing and electronicizing manuals. 245 t At present, 98 packages of Magic Vs phones use nonplastic material. 98 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
18 While reducing the amount of paper in the manual, we put most of the description content in the devices to help users quickly understand the functions through interaction. Since 2014, the color box packaging and product manuals of our products have been printed with soybean ink, which can not only reduce the harm to human health and the consumption of petroleum resources, but also facilitate the recycling of packaging materials. Compared to printing with traditional inks, our printings have cumulatively reduced about 80 tons of CO 2 emissions. Our printings with soy ink have cumulatively reduced about 80 tons of CO 2 emissions 80 t HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
19 More durable products HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Durable products cannot only greatly improve the user experience, but also effectively reduce the waste of resources and environmental impact. We comprehensively extend the product life cycle by improving product reliability, energy efficiency, and maintainability. We have established professional reliability labs to simulate the use scenarios of major products and test the reliability of the devices and components. We carry out nearly a thousand kinds of reliability tests on our major products with strict standards to ensure that our products adapt to various extreme weathers or abnormal scenarios. For mobile phones, we strive to provide users with a more stable and reliable experience by improving hardware adaptability from the design stage, such as waterproof, dustproof and splashproof capabilities, and simulating real scenarios such as dropping, high and low temperature, splashing, friction, scratching, and button pressing. For tablets and laptops, we improve product reliability and durability by simulating various scenarios such as screen folding, key pressing, touch control, friction, scratching, and high and low temperatures, evaluating the test results and optimizing product design. We provide users with timely and convenient maintenance services instead of persuading them to buy new phones to extend the product life cycle. In the design stage, we adopt structural modular design and use parts with uniform specifications to facilitate later maintenance and replacement. At the same time, we try our best to provide users with economical and reliable aftersales service. At present, we have provided onestop maintenance services in stores around the world, so that users can access highquality maintenance service easily when they need it.
20 Evidence shows that glass screens of smart phones are prone to crack due to dropping, which is akey pain point for users. The foldable screen of Magic V series adopts the first multicurved nanocrystalline external screen, which improves the drop resistance by 5 times. The curved surface nanoglass process adds nanoscale metal oxide grains as seed crystals in the glass production, and tens of nanometersized nanocrystalline particles grow inside the glass to form a glassceramic that combines crystals and glass. This technology ensures a slim body and strong screen at the same time. Innovative technology improves device drop resistance by 5 times HONOR ESG Report (20212022) In addition to the thinner (0. 1 mm thinner than conventional screens) and lighter (9 weight reduction) body design brought by the curved surface nanoglassceramic process, its modulus (the ratio of stress to strain) performs far better than that of conventional glass panels. On January 10, 2022, when the flagship HONOR Magic V foldable phone made its debut, it was dropped in public for the first time. Zhao Ming, CEO of HONOR, dropped the phone to the hard floor twice in front of the public, and there was no damage at all.
21 Safer chemical substances We strive to choose safer chemical substances and have set higher standards for ourselves based on the international standards. We formulate the HONOR Substance List to clarify the list of restricted substances, and actively cooperate with all suppliers to eliminate hazardous substances. We have established and continuously improved the hazardous substance management system to reduce the use of hazardous substances from the source. We actively identify and eliminate potential hazardous substances in products and packaging materials to comply with RoHS and REACH in EU as well as other Chinese and overseas hazardous substance management regulations. In addition, we also actively phase out substances that could cause harm to the environment and human during the recycling process, such as BFRs, CFRs, PVC, PAEs, Antimony trioxide and Beryllium and its compounds. Since 2016, HONOR has reduced the use of hazardous substances and materials by approximately 3, 861 tons. At the same time, we have cooperated with multiple material suppliers to test dozens of different raw materials. At present, we have achieved halogenfree power cables for all mobile phones and tablets, which greatly reduces the negative impact on the environment. Because smart wearable devices can touch people's skin fora long time, we also attach great importance to the research and control of allergenic substances. We require all materials used in wearable products topass sensitization toxicology tests to protect the health and safety of users. Up to now, we have completed more than 20 toxicological tests on materials used in products that often touch skin. Since 2016, HONOR has reduced the use of hazardous substances and materials by approximately 3, 861 tons. 3, 861 tHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Recycle and dispose products in a responsible way According to a report by International Telecommunication Union(ITU), United Nations University (UNU), and International Solid Waste Association (ISWA), global ewaste could reach 52. 2 million tons by 2021, which is a pressing issue in our digital world. As a responsible enterprise, we set out to develop a practical and effective product program to recycle waste materials and reduce resource consumption and waste generation. At present, we have set both online and offline recycling channels, covering used device valuation, professional quality inspection, data clearing and other services. We also put environmentfriendly recycling boxes in some service stores to provide consumers with transparent, safe, and green product recycling services. For products that need tobe scrapped after recycling, we have setup a special supplier certification working group and established a systematic waste treatment system to ensure that suppliers dispose of waste incompliance with regulations and minimize potential environmental pollution. We carefully disassemble and sort the recycled batteries and largescale products, and then our partners process the recycled products to the raw material before reuse. By the end of 2022, we have recycled a total of 1, 785 tons of ewaste. The total recycling volume in 2022 increases by 487 compared with 2021. At present, we have launched recycling and processing system in China, the Middle East Africa, Europe and other regions, in response to the global ewaste disposal protocols, such as Basel Convention, WEEE, and EPR. In addition, we provide featured recycling services to attract more consumers. 22 We have responsibly recycled a total of 1, 785 tons electronic waste. 1, 785 tons Total recycling volume in 2022 rises by 487 compared to 2021. 487 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
23 On the Earth Day, we joined hands with Huishoubao, a big recycling platform in China, to initiate the topic Where are the used mobile phones after being recycled on social media. The event showed the public the dangers of discarding old mobile phones at will and the importance of choosing formal recyling channels, which resonated a lot with consumers. On the launch event of Guide of Mobile Phone Waste Recycle and Public Mobilization sponsored by the China Association of Circular Economy and SEE Foundation, we joined hands with other enterprises to release the Proposal for Safe Recycling and Green Disposal of Used Mobile Phones, calling for the whole society to promote the green development of mobile phone industry. We cooperated with a leading Chinese mobile phone recycling platform to launch a tradein campaign that lasted for a month. During the event, consumers can enjoy additional subsidies and geta free screen protection film for trading in their old phones that are within certain price range. This event ignited consumers' enthusiasm for recycling their old phones. April 22, 2021 Aug 11, 2022 Nov 30, 2022 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) We hope that through our actions and advocacy, more consumers can understand the significance of electronic product recycling.
Green manufacturing, green technology 24 Green production The analysis of product carbon footprint shows that manufacturing is the most important link in the product life cycle in terms of emission control. Therefore, green manufacturing is particularly important. We hope to build a highstandard energysaving and emissionreduction demonstration park, integrate energysaving and environmental protection concepts into technological innovation and drive more industrial partners to carry outgreen production together. We have built HONOR Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park in Pingshan District, Shenzhen. The park is equipped with advanced highprecision automated manufacturing equipment anda digital control platform, aiming to improve production efficiency while scientifically reducing energy consumption and further promote the development of lowcarbon and energysaving manufacturing. We have built a smart material distribution system featuring automated unmanned technology. Relying on the production supermarket, the automated production line can trigger the shelves to intelligently select materials fast and accurately. AGVs are used to accurately sort the materials and deliver them to different production areas. We have adopted a customized BMS system, which can work with the automatic group control system to smartly monitor production processes and make adjustment in real time based on production needs to reduce energy consumption. We have customized an air compressor group control system, which can automatically adjust the input of frequency conversion machines and fixed frequency machines according to production needs, minimizing the noload power consumption of fixed frequency machines, and reducing waste and manual errors. We have launched an energy and safety risk management system to collect energy data from nearly 800 facilities and carry out statistic analysis. We have also set thresholds for alarm and early warning functions to collect alarm information from dangerous sources in real time. We try to identify energysaving improvement opportunities, optimize local energysaving inspections and equipment shutdown mechanisms, and implement the 11 major energysaving measures. In 2022, the power consumption of a single mobile phone equivalent production is reduced by 11. We actively promote green production and 75 of the process is automated. 75 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
25 We have saved 1. 2 million k Wh of electricity in the campus in 2022 through optimized management. 1. 2 million 75 of our production line is automated, greatly improving production efficiency. A green production model featuring high efficiency, high quality and low emissions is put in place. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) We have established a comprehensive energysaving management mechanism in the Pingshan Manufacturing Industrial Park to continuously monitor and reduce the greenhouse gas emissions. Through the power management system and group control system, we can monitor the consumption of electricity, water, and gas in the parkin real time, optimize energy dispatching in a timely manner, and conduct statistical analysis on highenergyconsuming equipment. Relying on the intelligent digital platform, we have proposed practical and effective optimization solutions for each energy consumption module. We have optimized the lighting equipment in the workshop, evaluated the light intensity according to the production requirements, and reduced the number of lamps by 3, 169. We have carried out centralized control transformation of street lamps, cargo counter lighting, canteen lighting and airconditioning in our industrial park. Through measures such as airconditioning peak adjustment and lighting power switch optimization, we can save about 1. 2 million k Wh of electricity every year. We have set the energysaving mode for various equipment such as computers, reflow ovens, placement machines, and film crossing machines. Add valves to gas terminals such as drying cabinets and suction pens to reduce waste of compressed air. Internally coordinate various links and reuse about 18, 000 aviation pallets every year to reduce waste of resources and carbon emissions. Through integrated design, about 124 types of fixtures were rebuilt in 2021, and about 4, 000 pieces were reused.
26 We strictly abide by national environmental protection laws and regulations and dispose various waste in a timely and effective manner. We use active carbon adsorption and UV photolysis waste gas treatment system to ensure the compliance of industrial waste gas discharge in Pingshan Manufacturing Industrial Park. For hazardous wastes, we hand them over to thirdparty organizations with professional qualifications for disposal inaccordance with laws and regulations. For general industrial wastes, we follow the 3 R principle to minimize emissions. In 2022, Pingshan Manufacturing Industrial Park has no record of discharge misconduct. By 2022, HONOR Pingshan Factory has gained a series of certifications, such as ISO 45001, ISO 14001, ISO 14064, and will gain more in the near future, including ISO 50001 and green factory certifications, aiming to become an industryleading green factory. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
We closely watch the impact of warehousing and logistics on the environment and adopt multiple measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in logistics by technology innovation and materials recycling. In our warehouses, we adopt the following green practices As for domestic product transportation, we fully consider lowcarbon methods. Use 100 electric forklifts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions due to fuel consumption. Put in place high shelves to fully improve space utilization. Build paperless warehouses such as replacing traditional paper sheets in goods inspection and transaction stockpiling with smart terminals. Reuse transition boxes and save about 500, 000 boxes per year. Reuse logistics pallets and save a total of about 30, 000 pallets in 2022. Optimize the delivery route, send products directly from factories, and avoid detours. Promote lowercarbon land transportation and sea transportation to replace air transportation that generates higher carbon emissions and coordinate varied transportations to reduce the proportion of air transportation. 27 Green logistics We save about 500, 000 carton boxes per year 500, 000 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
28 Green operation, green enterprise We pledge to achieve carbon neutrality in operations and adopt 100 renewable energy by 2045. To this end, we continue to carry out energysaving and emissionreduction activities for all staff to enhance people's awareness on emission reduction. We make sure that lights are turned off when employees leave to reduce daily energy consumption. In offices or stores, we transform or install energy management systems to accurately manage energy consumption, such as lighting, power, heating and cooling, kitchen oil and gas electrification system transformation. In terms of commuting and business travel, we encourage and support remote office meetings. We reduced carbon emissions by about 26, 761 tons in 2021 and 42, 674 tons in 2022. At the same time, we have provided 146 commuting buses and local shuttle bus service between office parks to facilitate public transportation to reduce carbon emissions from driving. We actively respond to the national new energy policy and use EV shuttle buses in Shenzhen and Beijing. Compared with selfdriving trips, we reduced carbon emissions by about 1, 317 tons in 2021. We also plan to install photovoltaic power generation at qualified sites to provide renewable energy. In other sites, we plan to purchase more renewable electricity year by year to reduce carbon emissions of our own operations. In order to further implement the green operation, we have established a standardized green operation process and formulated an ESG work list. Through smart control of air conditioners, lamps and other equipment and strengthening regular inspections, we ensure that energysaving and emissionreduction measures are properly implemented. We give priority to renting green buildings as our offices. HONOR Beijing office at Vanke Lake International has obtained LEED Gold certification. Our Shenzhen office at New Generation Industrial Park has obtained the twostar green building design certification. We reduced carbon emissions by approximately 69. 435 tons in 20212022 by replacing physical meetings with virtual meetings. 69, 435 t We reduced 1, 317 tons of carbon emissions annually by providing shuttle buses for commuting. 1, 317 tHONOR ESG Report (20212022) Estimation is based on Quantitative Research Report of Online Meeting Helps Carbon Emission Reduction Assumed that 50 of employees use shuttle bus drive private cars
29 We actively promote paperless office in our daily operation. We have built an E office platform to process all workflows efficiently online and reduce paper consumption. In 2022 we signed more than 20, 000 documents on theE platform, which is equivalent to saving at least 40, 000 sheets of paper for printing. In terms of office assets, departments have different needs, and there were often duplicated procurement and waste of asset. Therefore, we have built an internal secondhand asset sharing platform for our people to circulate idle assets and improve resource utilization efficiency. As of December 2022, more than 1, 000 pieces of office and R&D equipment have been reused across departments through our sharing platform, greatly reducing the waste of repeated procurement. We annually reduce approximately 40, 000 sheets of paper consumption through e Flow system. 40, 000 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
30 Green partners, harmoniously coexist with the nature We believe that it is necessary to workhand in hand with partners from all industries to move towards a bright future of sustainable development. We embrace cooperation with all partners to jointly build a future where technology and nature harmoniously coexist, and to explore opportunities and challenges on this road. On December 21, 2021, we officially joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) to help achieve the 2030 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. On November 5, 2022, UNGC officially released new pilot projects GDI for SDG on the 5 th Hongqiao International Economic Forum. We actively take practical actions to implement GDI and accelerate the achievement of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The GDI for SDG is a response to the call of the UN Ocean Conference and Global Development Initiative. It aims to create sustainable business solutions through crossdiscipline global corporate partnerships covering the entire industrial chain and gather the strength of all industries in various countries to solve the ocean plastic pollution crisis and transition towards lowcarbon economy as soon as possible. In 2021, we joined the China Association of Circular Economy and actively promoted green environmental protection. In August 2022, we participated in the press conference of the Guide of Mobile Phone Waste Recycle and Public Mobilization HONOR ESG Report (20212022) hosted by the association and became the first advocator for the safe recycling and environmentfriendly disposal of used phones. On November 2, 2022, we participated in the 2022 China Circular Economy Development Forum hosted by the association and delivered a speech on the theme of Harmonious Coexistence Between Technology and Nature. On May 23, 2022, we participated in the Forum on Urban Biodiversity and Sustainable Development hosted by WWF. We shared our green practice and advocated partners to jointly protect biodiversity. We also participated in the Symposium on Green Development Cooperation jointly held by China Association of Productivity Promotion Centers and WWF. CEO Zhao Ming delivered a speech at the 2022 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit, introduced our ESG progress, particularly our HONOR Talents program and our effort on green development.
Privacy and Security Privacy is a basic right of our users, and we've made privacy protection a prerequisite for all the products and services we provide. From initial design to final delivery, we put privacy considerations into every step and give users autonomous control over their personal information. 31 SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
32 Privacy and Security We have organized the annual Privacy Awareness Week and setup courses on privacy compliance to ensure 100 of the staff are trained. Discrete security chip and Dual TEE security system consolidate personal data protection. We have obtained a series of international certification on privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO and e Privacyseal. We have built a global privacy management system to ensure comprehensive protection. Have 5 pillar of privacy safeguard based on 5 privacy design principles. Highlights Dual TEE & Discrete chip Certification Privacy protection Five principles 100 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
HONOR always complies with the applicable laws and regulations on privacy and personal data protection where it has a business presence. We continue to strengthen our privacy protection system and build relevant capacity based on our existing privacy management system and remain transparent to regulators, clients, and consumers with an open mind. With privacy as our priority, we are committed to protecting users data in a comprehensive way while developing better products and services, aiming to build HONOR into a mosttrusted tech brand. We have obtained a series of international certifications in privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO, and e Privacyseal. Adhering to the five principles of minimal data, anonymous identity, transparent and controllable data processing, security protection, and local processing whenever possible, we are committed to improving our privacy management system to better protect consumers privacy. HONOR devotes itself to building a global privacy management system with Generally Accepted Principles and Practices (GAPP) as the framework and Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and EU General Data Protection Regulation as the basis, making sure it complies with laws and regulations of relevant countries. 33 Sound privacy management system HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
34 Privacy protection capability building HONOR attaches great importance to raising employees awareness of privacy protection. We regularly organize training courses and timely publicize basic knowledge to new hires to keep all employees informed about privacy and security considerations involved in our business and foster a culture of privacy protection covering the whole value chain. We also encourage all employees to participate in the annual Privacy Awareness Week and ensure 100 of employees pass the privacy protection exams we organize. As a result, Your privacy, our priority is never empty talk, but an ethos embedded in every HONOR employee. All business areas have carried out emergency drills covering emergency preparations, responses, and retrospectives to improve employees risk awareness, summarize emergency response and management plans, and ensure our teams can cope with all types of privacy emergencies in a timely manner. Inface of various cyber security threats and privacy protection challenges, HONOR believes that crossfield collaboration with an open mind can continuously boost our capability and create a better digital experience for our users. We keep a close eye on global legislation and technology progress and cooperate with law firms, experts, and universities, aiming to jointly promote industrial governance and technology. Pass rate of privacy protection exams 100 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
35 Our practice Based on laws, regulations, and legal cases of each country, we have established the privacy protection compliance baseline and integrated its requirements into every daily business activity including research and development, procurement, supply chain, marketing and sales, and customer service. We have also optimized the baseline constantly to ensure effective implementation. Following the philosophy of Privacy by Design (PbD), we pay close attention to data access throughout the whole product life cycle of design, manufacturing, use, and final disposal ensuring allprocess data protection. We have drafted and published Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy in light of five principles of privacy protection. Our privacy protection practice is highly acclaimed by the media. Supporting by our latest technology, the HONOR phone operating system can automatically recognize and intercept apps unauthorized data access and record them in detail to keep users informed. When running an app, the phone will recommend the minimum level of permissions only necessary for providing the basic services according to the nature of the app. For example, if a weather app prompts you to enable Location permission, the system will automatically recognize and recommend Approximate Location permission which only allows the app to tell your phone's approximate location within the area of 1 square kilometer. If the app attempts to obtain Contacts information without authorization, the system will intercept such activity to secure user privacy. The system will also record authorized app activities and generate a privacy report to keep users informed about how apps access their data. For comprehensive protection, the phone is also equipped with functions of unknown number identification, permission access history and reminder, repair mode, and Air Tag detection. HONOR phones prevent unauthorized data access Fivedimensional privacy risk protection system safeguards 1 2 3 4 5 Transparency and controllability User identity anonymization Security Ondevice data processing Data minimization Collect the minimum amount of personal data and retain them only as long as necessary for specified purposes. Before data collection, provide clear and precise notice to tell users how we will use their data and ensure they can revoke their authorization anytime. Process and analyze user data on the device whenever possible. Adopt reliable security protection technology to safeguard user data. Protect the user's identity from being located and tracked by privacyenhancing technologies. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
36 Based on the forementioned principles, we have built an umbrella against privacy risks from five dimensions according to the usage scenarios of sensitive data and innovate relevant features on the five fronts. Privacy Assistant Privacy Assistant performs indepth detection of the system environment, payment environment, and app behaviors and allows users to optimize the system by a simple tap. To keep you informed of privacy security status, it will also generate a privacy report at the beginning of each month to notify you of risky apps, malicious URLs, Wi Fi detection results, scam and spam calls SMS intercepted, and smart permission management. Minimum app permission recommendations The phone can recognize and analyze the usage scenarios and recommend accordingly the minimum number of permissions necessary for providing the app basic services. Privacy access history Provide users with 7 day privacy access history and privacy risk reports that analyze the potential risks and offer optimization suggestions. Users can go to Settings Privacy to check their privacy access history. It displays the top 5 apps that most frequently access Camera, Microphone, Location, or Contacts permissions respectively. Users can also view access details of a certain app by tapping its icon, including the authorized and rejected access. As for frequent background access and unnecessary permissions, it allows users to modify the permission scope with a simple tap. Scam prevention The phone can identify scam phone numbers, apps, and websites based on the database of the National Anti Fraud Center, then make targeted interception when users answer a scam call, block the scam SMS directly and alert users if they reply to it, and manage the installation and usage of scam apps. With Remote Safeguard, an alert will be sent to the guardian if the user is at risk of fraud. Spam radar To stop apps from playing rogue ads via autolaunch, secondary launch, background popups, floating popups, and hidden icons, HONOR has developed abilities to monitor and identify abnormal activities of apps and restrict their popup ads. Users can also uninstall the app with a simple tap to get rid of spam. Permission notification reduction If users reject the request when an app asks for permission through the popup window for the first time and select Dont remind me again after denying for the second time, the app will no longer pop up the window asking for this permission so as to reduce the disturbance to users. Information misuse prevention Harassment protectionHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
37 Repair mode The Repair mode encrypts private data with the advanced, unbreakable encryption algorithm. When a phone is sent for repair with the Repair mode enabled, the maintenance experts cannot view photos, videos, SMS messages, instant messaging apps, contacts, recordings, payment, and mobile banking apps on the device. They can turn on the device directly without the lock screen password. After the device is repaired, users can turnoff the mode by entering the password to restore the encrypted data. Payment Security Integrate the traditional USB shield into the mobile phone based ona discrete security chip and dualTEE security OS. During bank transfer, the digital signature certificate will be encrypted by the security chip for storage. The selfdeveloped HTEE ensures the transaction is secure and trustworthy. When entering the password, the trusted interface protects users from tampering, screen recording, and screenshots to make sure what they see is what they sign. The secure keyboard also helps prevent the password from leaking. Position fuzzification Users have the option to control the location accuracy they want to grant to an app to prevent themselves from being located and tracked. When this feature is enabled, the system will process the location data returned and generate an approximate location within the area of 1 square kilometer which is sufficient for apps that do not need the exact location, such as weather and dating apps. Privacy protection during screen projection During phone screen projection to PC, tablet, or TV, the app login page is not displayed by default. Usernames and passwords are also hidden if the user uses the secure keyboard. On TV, We Chat and SMS messages are not synced to protect user privacy. This feature can be turned off as needed. Data disclosure protection Protect use behavior from bein tracked Snooping preventionHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
38 Nowadays, billions of people access the Internet via smartphones where various types of private information are stored. Therefore, it is essential for smartphone manufacturers to provide robust privacy protection for users. HONOR Magic 4 series has seta good example in this respect. HONOR Magic 4 series has established a brandnew privacy protection system to safeguard all types of sensitive information ranging from the very basic of photos and app data to core bio Combining hardware and software solutions, HONOR has developed the discrete security chip and dualTEE security OS to consolidate personal data protection for users. Independent from the phone storage chip, the security chip stores and protects passwords, encryption keys, and other important data just like a physical safe box and carries out all encryption and decryption tasks there. With CC EAL 5 certification, it is highly effective in preventing malicious system reinstallation and cracking. Meanwhile, the dualTEE system offers double insurance to safeguard user data and payment. It allows the Magic VS series to integrate the traditional USB shield into the mobile phone to achieve financialgrade security so that users can make a large transfer of as much as 5 million yuan. metric information, accounts, and passwords. Meanwhile, it offers targeted solutions to issues that occur in daily usage. For example, HONOR Magic 4 Pro introduces the AI Privacy Call feature which can significantly reduce sound leakage during calls through innovative audio technology and special audio channel design. Combining hardware and software solutions, Magic 4 series has built a strong barrier against privacy risks. In terms of hardware, it adopts a discrete security chip with CC EAL 5 certification to store key data. As for software, we have developed dualTEE system based on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 Mobile Platform in cooperation with Qualcomm. The system is independent from the Android operating system and can encrypt users private data with strong security guarantees. Privacy protection of HONOR Magic 4 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
39 SDGs in this chapter Tech For Good HONOR never stop innovating and bringing social values. Leverage the power of technology to bridge the digital divide, fora future of creativity. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
40 Tech For Good Highlights Nearly 4 million users use Magic Text each month. Magnification gesture benefits over 140 thousand users each month. HONOR Watch GS 3 supports over 100 workout modes to help users exercise regularly and properly. In 2022, we conducted more than 30 studies on people with special needs and carried out over 50 design verification tests. 50 4, 000, 000 140, 000 100 By Dec 2022, HONOR was capable of providing online and offline accessibility service. AI Subtitles benefits over 700 thousand people each month. The accuracy rate of heart rate measurement on HONOR watches reached 97 based on the frequency tracking algorithm and AI algorithm. Voice Assistant YOYO provides 190 million times of smart services each month. Services 190, 000, 000 700, 000 97 In 2021, we launched Smart Terminal Information Accessibility Initiative together with other 14 organizations. We provided over 80 thousand copies of the User Guide for Parents. 17 elderlyfriendly projects were implemented. HONOR Magic series and X series have gained certifications for elderlyfriendly design. The Screen Reader benefits over 2. 9 million people each month. 14 17 2, 900, 000 80, 000 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
In the digital era, the new and rapidly changing technologies have unintentionally widened the digital divide with the disadvantaged in society. According to the Report on the Cause for Persons with Disabilities in China (2018) and China Disabled Persons' Federation, approximately 17 million people have low vision and over 27 million are hearing impaired in China. The Seventh Census shows that China's elderly population over 60 years old has reached 264 million. Restricted by the physical environment and their own conditions at different levels, these vulnerable groups experience obstacles and pain points in accessing, utilizing, and leveraging information. The outbreak of COVID 19 in early 2020 has made us more aware of the essential role played by technology in epidemic response and monitoring. It has further strengthened our commitment to improving information accessibility and the concept of technology for good. Our mission is to enable equal access for everyone to share the benefits of technological development and enjoy the convenience brought by digital life. Since October 2021, we have joined hands with Shenzhen Accessibility Research Association to analyze the phone usage problems faced by people with special needs in multiple locations. With over 30 studies and indepth interviews organized, more than 50 design verification tests carried out, and over 500 online questionnaires handed out, we have gained a large volume of firsthand feedback on user experience and special needs. In early 2022, we set up a special working group on accessibility to further explore user needs and innovate relevant technologies based on crosssector and interprofessional collaborations so as to deliver an ultra user experience. Bridge the digital divide by technology and create a better future 41 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Over 30 Over 500 studies and indepth interviews online questionnaires
42 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Weijie is a member of the special working group on accessibility. In the spring of 2022, she conducted research on visually impaired user X. To fully understand the user's real pain points in the daily use of the phone, Weijie and the user agreed that the user arranged the day himself and Weijie observed his activities from the sidelines without intervening. On the day, user X went to the mall to buy household goods. He had to take the escalator because most of the elevators were not equipped with braille buttons and the voice broadcast function. Similar problems also occurred when taking public transportation. X told Weijie that he usually took the subway instead of the bus, because voice broadcast on buses was rare, while on the subway, he could ask staff or volunteers for help. However, taking the escalator was not easy aswell. It took him about 20 minutes to go from the first floor to the fourth because he had to ask where the escalator was and then ask passersby who were riding the escalator to remind him when to get off. Throughout the entire research, Weijie found it most difficult to resist the urge to help and most frequently experienced confusion and later a poignant moment of sudden realization. I wondered why he didnt take the elevator. It was until the interview that he told me it was because the elevator did not have voice broadcasts. If there were few people or no passerby taking the elevator together, he could not determine whether he had arrived or when he had reached the destination floor. Said Weijie, Our Story I was almost about to say that I could help, but I held it back because I knew I can t be always by his side in daily life. After the research, Weijie tried to walk on tactile paving with her eyes closed. In the short 30 seconds surrounded by hustle and bustle of the street, she was overwhelmed by fear of the unknown. When crossing the street, she found voice broadcast was also absent for signal lights. For those visually impaired, the physical world is already harsh, let alone the digital world. I sincerely hope that we can advance assistive technologies for them to access information without obstacles. I understand that what we can do is limited, but every tiny effort we make can be of help. Weijie's voice represents the entire R&Dand user research team, and their efforts have also been put into practice. In 2022, HONOR developed and implemented 22 accessibility projects and addressed over 700 accessibility issues related to user experience, demonstrating our loving care for people with special needs.
The eyes are the window to the soul and are important for information obtainment and communication in daily life, aswell as in the digital world. For visually impaired users, without appropriate assistive technologies, complicated operations and mass data will only pose a heavy burden and become a barrier to accessing what they want. To improve the experience for visually impaired users, we continuously optimize the Screen Reader feature to ensure every tag is accurate and every tapping is responded to appropriately. When this feature is turned on for users who are blind or have low vision, HONOR phones can read out what they tap, select and activate in real time to inform them what they are operating. For example, the functional buttons during phone calls on HONOR phones can be easily read out, including answering and hanging up phone calls, setting harassment interception, and viewing call records. They also support automatic switch of speakers and hanging up calls by pressing the power button, and have an active voice broadcast for incoming calls. Besides, the phone number of the incoming call can be read out too. HONOR phones also support recognizing text in images, which can be really useful whether users are reading at home, shopping at the supermarket, or processing text materials in the workplace. 43 Vision, at your fingertips The products mentioned are not medical devices. Their measurement data and results are for reference only and do not serve as the basis for diagnosis or treatment. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) In 2022, we introduced Selectto Speak to MagicOS 7. 0. This functionality aims to build a more powerful systemlevel capability, enabling users to freely choose reading content, length, speed, and more. This enhances user capability for obtaining accurate information and manages time more efficiently. With Selectto Speak, more digital materials in form of text and image become accessible to users. Audiobook is no longer the only format for them to access digital information. The outbreak of COVID 19 makes people pay more attention to their health, With the invasion of the virus, users are most concerned about whether their body temperature is normal. In response to such needs, HONOR has introduced temperature measurement and voice broadcasting functions to Earbuds 3 Pro. With the highprecision sensor and AI algorithms, the earbuds achieve accurate temperature measurement with a margin of error of 0. 3. Users only need to tap the earbuds three times to measure their temperature, and the result will be read out directly. It helps users avoid the difficulty of reading a mercurial thermometer and monitor their body status in time.
44 Dai Junming is the head of the Nanjing Yuhuatai District Blind Association and the owner of a massage service store. At the age of 9, he lost sight in his left eye due to an illness, and at 18, he was involved in a car accident that caused the lens of his glasses to fracture, resulting in the loss of vision in his right eye. Dai is interested in electronic and smart devices. In addition to running the massage service store, he has also tried many parttime jobs, such as livestreaming, audio postproduction, and online game community operation. Smart tech empowers a new journey in life HONOR ESG Report (20212022) In addition to providing basic services, we hope our products can help users live happier and more decent life. On August 16, 2021, HONOR 50 series was launched with new camera functions designed for the visually impaired. The camera can intelligently change the angle by detecting the face position automatically. With Screen Reader turned on, the phone can tell users where the faces are in the frame and notify them how to level their camera if it is tilted. These functions help the visually impaired take better photos to capture beautiful moments in their life, such as anniversaries and birthdays. This is not only a leap in technology, but also a step that brings us closer to people with special needs. Assistive features are available in various scenarios in consideration of all types of users. The magnification gesture allows users to adjust the screen when they cannot see clearly. Color correction can better meet the needs of users with color blindness or weakness. Dark mode increases contrast to make the screen sharper and clearer in dim lighting environment. Whether in terms of basic services or assistive features, HONOR works hard to develop more convenient and userfriendly intelligent products for visually impaired users. We hope our products can lighten up their digital life and help bridge the digital divide for the world. With Screen Reader, he can travel around alone without help, hail a car with accurate feedback provided, process text materials during work, and operate the livestreaming platforms smoothly. During the COVID 19 lockdown period, he could access property notifications and purchase daily necessities online without any barriers through Screen Reader. As the head of the Yuhuatai District Blind Association, Dai hopes to help more visually impaired people. He is willing to share his work and life on the Internet, and through the live streaming platform, he brings his friends together to communicate and help each other. He said, Although I can't see the world, I want the world to recognize me and people like me, aswell as our special needs. In 2022, In 2022, Dai Junming replaced his old phone with a new model of HONOR phone and shared his journey of using HONOR phone's accessibility features with his relatives and friends. Intelligent technology has changed my fate, improved the quality of life for blind community, and opened up a whole new life for us, he said.
The hearing impaired users confronted with great challenges during the pandemic. While the offline activities were restricted due to social distancing, online activities including live streaming, online education, and video conferencing were in full swing, making hearing impaired users at a loss. For normal hearing people, those online activities have already become part of their daily life. However, hearing impaired users are often unable to achieve these due to physical conditions. In the silent world, HONOR always insists on listening to the voice of users and meeting their needs. At present, the AI Subtitles installed on HONOR phones supports realtime conversion of speech into text and displays it on the screen. This function can help hearing impaired users to access content from live streaming, online courses, or other nonsubtitle videos, facilitating their learning and social activities. 45 Visualize all audios on your phone HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
46 We firmly believe that age should not be a barrier for users touse HONOR products. Both elderly and young users should be able touse digital products with ease. Using technology for silverhaired individuals provides them with a sense of security in their old age. Following a design concept of clear visibility, audible perception, ease of operation, and compassionate companionship, we focus on the key scenarios for elderly individuals utilizing technology to provide friendly interactions. From 2021 to 2022, HONOR has implemented 17 projects to meet the demands of this aging population. HONOR Magic series and X series have gained certifications for elderlyfriendly design. HONOR phones are equipped with a simplified mode that features a more straightforward desktop layout, larger display of text and icons, default threekey navigation, and enabled touch sounds. The simplified mode allows elderly users to easily and clearly see and hear, with simplified operations that enable many older users to independently display their health codes during the pandemic. For people living and working far away from home, the wellbeing of their parents is often the top concern. HONOR has placed great emphasis on the health and safety of elderly users and thus developed HONOR Parental Control, a remote caretaking platform. This app features various functions such as reminders for inactivity, remote location tracking, and scam alerts to bridge the gap between children and their parents, providing constant and reliable companionship. Users can download and bind the app to another device, they can become the guardian and check the location and operation status of the device owner. If the device owner goes out of the set range or hasn t operated the phone fora long time, the system will automatically send notifications to the guardian, so they can check the status of their family members in time. While bringing convenience to the elderly, smartphones also pose certain risks. A study by the China National Committee on Aging shows that in 2021, 542. 5 thousand cases involving elderly people were investigated by people's courts at all levels nationwide. Frauds related to health products and telecommunication networks are common. To help solve this problem, we have developed the scam alert function, that connects to the National Anti Fraud Center database, making it easier for users to identify fraudulent information. The elderly users can also antifraud guardians who will receive alerts when they receive messages or calls containing fraud risks, thereby providing a strong barrier to enhance the safety of their phone use. Ensure digital inclusion for the elderly From 2021 to 2022, HONOR has developed and implemented 17 elderlyfriendly projectsHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
47 Hi, how may I help you? Zhang Yawen, a customer service agent, had repeated this opening remark thousands of times in her daily work. This time, the call was from an old man who spoke anxiously with a strong Changsha accent. After patient guidance, Zhang figured out that the old man wondered what to do if the monthly data usage exceeded the cap. The old man said he did not know why such athing occurred because his residence had Wi Fi network, and he seldom used the data. As an old man who lived alone, he had no idea about what to do. Zhang patiently calmed him down, slowly guided him to find the switch of mobile data, and taught him how to turn it off. The old man also asked about how to use mobile data when not at home, such as in hospitals. Zhang knew that mobile data was necessary when going out. So, she guided him to operate several times and promised to send him the detailed steps by SMS so that he could check it whenever he wanted. The old man felt reassured and appreciated her considerate service. Zhang Yawen is a representative of customer service agents. They face countless questions and problems from numerous users but manage to provide professional solutions and considerate services. That's why HONOR succeeds in winning users trust. Take care of elderly people living alone HONOR ESG Report (20212022) To facilitate elderly people in their daily use of smartphones, we have published the User Guide for Parents. In the handbook, we illustrate with pictures the common problems elderly users often encounter and the corresponding solutions. This handbook has been printed in more than 80, 000 copies and provided to customers in all offline HONOR stores. The electronic version has been viewed over 1 million times via HONOR Club, the official Weibo of HONOR, and the official website of HONOR ESG. Together with our partners, we have organized lectures to teach the elderly mobile phone skills and address their issues. HONOR carefully guards its elderly users, delivering warm care through continuous functional innovation and thoughtful customer service.
48 It is also our goal to let children grow up healthily in the digital world, avoiding addiction to electronic devices or exposure to inappropriate information. HONOR's phones, tablets, TVs and routers are all equipped with childoriented functions. Parents can set screen time and other limits on device usage to help their children develop healthy digital habits. HONOR Pad 8 has passed triple authoritative eye protection certifications, including TUV Rheinland Low Blue Light and Flicker Free Certifications, aswell as National Eye Institute Eye Protection Certification. Meanwhile, it provides a series of eye care solutions at the software level and Digital Balance, a feature specially designed for teenage students, which provides reminders for bad habits that affect eyesight, such as positioning too closely, lying down while viewing, viewing in low light, and shaky holding. These upgrades have achieved a further enhancement of the standard for eye protection in tablets. HONOR Router 4 Pro provides the Parental Control function to prevent children from getting addicted to games and short videos. To ensure a healthy and green online environment for their children, users can customize the Internet time limit and set function restrictions on certain gaming and video apps in HONOR AI Space. Network Acceleration can perfectly address the problem of slow Internet connection during virtual courses. When HONOR Router 4 Pro detects an online learning app is consuming data, it will atomically prioritize this app and speed up Internet connection to ensure a smooth online learning experience for children. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
49 To protect children s privacy, we have also released Children's Personal Information Protection Policy, which regulates the entire process of collecting, processing, managing, protecting, and controlling children's information. 1. How we collect and process children s personal information HONOR strictly abides by the provisions of laws and regulations and agreements with users. Based on the specific products or services selected by you and your supervised children, we collect relevant personal information of your supervised children. In some cases, if you and your supervised children choose not to provide personal information, HONOR will be unable to provide relevant products or services, or respond to and resolve related issues. HONOR only collects and uses personal information of your supervised children for the purposes described in this policy. The following examples illustrate the scenarios where we may collect and use relevant personal information (1) Register a child account If you need to create a child account for the child in your custody, you need to create an HONOR ID with your phone number first. Then, login with that HONOR ID to create a child account. In this way, we can verify your identity as a parent (or guardian). When creating the child account, you need to enter the child's phone number and date of birth, and set a password. After the child account is created, we will link it with your account. Your child can use this account to log in and access services according to the privacy statements and user agreements of HONOR products or services. (2) We may also collect and use other personal information in connection with the use of our products or services by you and the children in your custody. For specific purposes, methods, and scopes of data handling, kindly refer to the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy and the privacy statements of specific products or services. 2. How we entrust, share, transfer, and disclose children s personal information We strictly comply with the laws and regulations and set limitations on entrusting, sharing, transferring, and disclosing children s personal information. If HONOR entrusts a third party to process children s information, we will carry out the safety evaluation on the entrusted party and the entrustment behavior and sign a strict confidentiality agreement or personal information processing terms with the entrusted party. In general, we will not share or transfer children's personal information to third parties. If we do, we will conduct the security assessment on information sharing, transferring methods, and the received parties and sign relevant agreements with the third party. 3. How we manage children s personal information HONOR provides you and the children in your custody with the data subject rights to access, copy, correct, and delete your data. For details, you can check the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy and the privacy statements of specific products or services. You can also send us feedback or contact us by the information in the How Do You Contact Us section in this Policy. We will contact you as soon as we receive feedback from you or your children. Please understand that during the communication process, we will need to verify the identity of you or Children's Personal Information Protection Policy (Excerpt)HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
50 your children and may require you or your children to provide information about the child account and your HONOR ID. Please note that in order to prevent children from modifying information themselves, which may result in inaccurate information, we only allow you to modify certain information about the children (such as their date of birth) or allow the children to modify it only with your consent. 4. How we protect children s personal information We take children's privacy and security very seriously and we adopt technical measures such as encryption, anonymization and pseudonymization to transmit and store children's personal information so as to ensure information security. Our products and services protect children's privacy by default and automatically disable personalized advertising when they identify the user is a child. To help you better protect the children, we also provide some fea - tures designed for parents, including content access restrictions and screen time management, which allow you to set the screen time limit for each app and add restrictions to the access of a specific app or service. We will apply strict access limits for children s personal information and ensure a minimal number of personnel can access the data for necessary purposes. We will also adopt technical measures to record and monitor personnel processing behavior. 5. How we store children s personal information Children s personal data collected and generated by the operations in the People's Republic of China will be stored in the People's Republic of China. If there is a crossborder transfer of children's personal information for a particular productor service, we will obtain your explicit consent and, after fulfilling our obligations under the law, take appropriate measures to ensure that the personal information of children remains protected by the applicable law. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
51 In the digital era, information accessibility not only benefits disabled individuals, but is also closely related to every person's life. People earnestly hope that mobile phones can be smarter when they have to spend a lot of time transferring files between multiple devices or find themselves held back by the language barrier abroad. Based on the principle of IDEAL, HONOR has worked hard on addressing such bothering issues with technology. AI empowers IDEAL accessibility What we doon accessibility is just like building the tactile paving in the digital world. We need to first buildup our basic capability to provide a sound product experience to the whole user population and then integrate such capability into our work on accessibility. To help people with disabilities live better, we need to first develop universal products and services for all users by adapting AI to all scenarios and collecting user insights. The key lies in bridging the digital divide and implementing information accessibility. Access to accessibility features should be diversified. We need to think about how to provide information accessibility services from the perspectives of different groups with disabilities, considering the conflicting needs of various groups of users and providing more inclusive solutions. At present, most manufacturers work on the application level to make passive remedies to accessibility problems that occur. However, HONOR thinks it differently. We believe we should strengthen our basic capability to meet the needs of the whole user population in all scenarios and think about how to make different ways of interaction complement each other to achieve inclusive accessibility for all. That not only benefits people with disabilities, but also society as a whole. Accessibility does not pose atechnical challenge, but requires awareness and empathy. We need to carry out scenariobased analysis and put ourselves in the shoes of users, taking their needs in daily work and life into consideration. Only on this basis can we provide suitable services to people with disabilities. When the basic capability is built, we need to further think about how to present the features in a simple and accessible manner. It requires efforts from accessibility engineers and the wisdom of the whole society. Therefore, we call on the relevant industries to establish standards as soon as possible, so that people with disabilities can also experience the standardized information superhighway. Working on information accessibility is not only for the sake of others, but also for our own. Love can breakdown all barriers. We hope that everyone can devote themselves to the cause of accessibility with love. As a tech company, we, as R&D engineers, and as representatives of our company, solemnly promise to work together with our partners in the field of information accessibility to create an ideal accessibility environment, and to create a new world for everyone. Inclusive AI Diversity Empathy Love Accessible interfaceHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
52 To break down the barriers to device usage, we have developed several functional modules, including AI Lens, AI Voice, and AI Services. Such a comprehensive system connects people, devices, and services with AI technology and presents common features for users in a simple way. When using multiple devices, users often encounter obstacles regarding file transmission and system compatibility. To solve such problems, HONOR has developed Magic Ring based on MagicOS to provide users with a seamless crossdevice experience. When users want to transfer content between devices, they can activate Multidevice Collaboration by simply swiping upwith three fingers or dragging the icons. They can also use one keyboard and mouse to control three devices logged in to the same HONOR ID and drag and drop content across the screens, which greatly improves work and study efficiency. In the future, HONOR will continue to work with industry partners to build an open ecosystem that empowers crossdevice, crossplatform, and crossscenario experiences. AI Lens can quickly recognize all kinds of text information in the digital and physical world. The monthly users of the Magic Text service have reached 4 million. AI Voice provides a more convenient voice interaction service to over 50 of HONOR users in various scenarios, such as taking pictures and answering calls. Voice Assistant YOYO is activated 190 million times each month to provide smart services. HONOR hopes to improve the exposure of thirdparty apps to target users through MagicOS and thus promote their business. As of now, YOYO Suggestions has been used by 173 thirdparty services, improving efficiency for millions of users every month. 4 million 190 million 173 partnersHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
53 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) As a journalist, Zhu is accustomed to switching between his phone, tablet, and computer frequently in his daily work. He often uses the phone to record thoughts during topic selection meetings, the tablet to prepare the interview outline and enrich the key points, and the computer to write the full draft. Due to the high requirements for content accuracy in the news industry, Zhu needs to collaborate with multiple colleagues to conduct three reviews and three corrections after drafting and completing the outline. Therefore, they need to transfer the files frequently, which not only causes information redundancy, but also affects work efficiency. However, after adopting HONOR products, Zhu finds that he has more time to concentrate on writing, and his work efficiency is greatly improved. He no longer has to wait for file upload and download. Instead, he can drag the files from his HONOR Magic Vs to his HONOR tablets and computer, and even control the phone and tablet with the keyboard of the computer. It is really helpful for us, said Zhu. Magic Ring facilitates smart office
54 Highquality product experience is inseparable from highquality service. We carefully listen to the voice of every user to provide thoughtful service for them. We insist on putting consumers as our center and launch a special accessible customer service team for visually impaired users to serve diverse user groups in a more respectful, convenient, and professional way and bring humanistic technology to all. In 2022, we focused on improving our capability to provide accessible service to users. We carried out training for our employees working in brickandmortar stores, covering more than 1, 000 members in our directlyoperated stores and authorized stores in China. Particularly, the sign language training has helped our employees better serve hearing impaired users, and the service guidance for visually impaired users has further improved our capability to serve them. Allaround accessible service Li is a visually impaired lady. Every morning at 9 o'clock, her alarm clock on her phone always rang on time, waking her up from her sleep. For many days Ms. Li operated her phone and confirmed that all the alarm clocks were turned off. However, it still rang at that time, which bothered her a lot because she has very sensitive hearing. As a result, Ms. Li called HONOR customer service hot line. After carefully listening to her problem, the customer service forwarded the call to Wang Li, a specialist of accessible customer service. After Wang Li learned about Ms Li's problem, she asked more detailed questions and guided Ms. Li to find the root cause. It turned out that Ms Li had opened alarm reminder in a live streaming app instead of the system alarm clock. Turning off the reminder in the live steaming app was very difficult for visually impaired users. Wang Li leveraged her experience of helping visually impaired people, patiently guided Ms Li to change the app settings step by step. She deliberately slowed down her speech and repeatedly confirmed whether Ms Li completed each step. After relentless efforts, Ms. Li finally completed the setting, but still asked Wang Li with some doubt So the alarm won't ring by itself tomorrow, right? Considering that Ms. Li had been troubled by this issue for along time, Wang Li replied softly, Yes, if it's convenient for you, I'll call you back tomorrow morning to confirm. Please don't worry, I'll follow up until your problem is solved. The next morning, Wang Li called Ms. Li, Hello, I am Wang Li, your exclusive service engineer. I am calling to confirm... Before Wang Li could finish speaking, Ms. Li happily replied, The alarm clock didn't ring today. Thank you so much! Wang Li was relieved to hear this and expressed her appreciation, Thank you for your recognition. If you have any questions in the future, you can call our consumer service hotline at 95030. I wish you a happy life. Wang Li also feels the sense of achievement by solving users' concerns. The praise from users makes her even more determined to provide professional and considerate service for more people like Ms Li. Story of the accessibility hotline serviceHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
55 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
56 We have made unremitting efforts to promote the development of accessibility industry standards, and actively participated in the drafting of information accessibility and elderlyfriendly standards by industry associations. On May 20, 2021, HONOR and other 14 organizations, including the China Association of Persons with Visual Disabilities and the China Electronic Standardization Institute, jointly launched an initiative for information accessibility of smart terminal devices. On June 29, 2021, HONOR participated in the signing ceremony of the elderlyfriendly transformation commitment launched by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Besides, HONOR participated in the drafting of the General Specification of Mobile Intelligent Terminal Accessibility proposed by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology and released by the China Electronics Standardization Association. We have actively participated in the professional forums to promote industrial development. In 2021 Guangdong Smart Accessibility City Forum, together with Shenzhen Information Accessibility Research Association, HONOR unveiled its smart terminal products about information accessibility and made a presentation entitled Smart Life Injecting Humanity into Technology to share HONOR's philosophy and practices in information accessibility construction. At the 4 th Technology Accessibility Development Conference in 2022 (2022 TADC), HONOR delivered a speech with the theme of Create A Smart World for All, sharing its research and practical achievements in the field of information accessibility. Establish industrial standards HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
57 With the increasingly fast pace of modern life, people's pursuit of a healthy lifestyle has also grown higher. HONOR has developed several products with health monitoring functions to keep users informed of their health status directly. During the epidemic, daily monitoring of body indicators, including blood oxygen, body temperature, body fat, blood pressure, and blood glucose, has played an important role. Combining software and hardware solutions, HONOR provides a series of features to help users manage their health status with sciencebased methods. The accuracy rate of heart rate measurement on HONOR Watch GS 3 reaches 97 based on the frequency tracking algorithm and AI algorithm. Blood oxygen monitoring throughout the day proves to be helpful in the postepidemic era. With the highprecision sensor and AI algorithm, HONOR Earbuds 3 Pro achieves accurate temperature measurement with a margin of error of 0. 3. The smart noise cancellation function automatically recognizes the usage scenarios and makes adjustments accordingly to protect users ears. Technology, leads a healthier life Overall accuracy rate of heart rate measurement 97 Heart rate measurement Blood oxygen monitoring Sleep tracking Care for women Body fat monitoring It supports allday heart rate monitoring, including resting and exercising heart rate and heart rate. Additionally, it triggers warnings when the heart rate exceeds the set limit during physical activity, which ensures constant attention to one's cardiovascular health. HONOR Watch GS 3 and HONOR Band 7 support allday blood oxygen monitoring. It is helpful for the key vulnerable groups, including snorers, the elderly, and people who live in the lowoxygen environment at high altitudes and who do intensive brain work and often stay up late to work overtime. Keep track of sleep and provide insights into sleep habits and quality. Based on the historical menstrual cycle, intelligent prediction of future menstrual and fertile periods can allow users to face each special moment with ease and confidence. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
58 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) AI Body Temperature Monitoring Body fat monitoring HONOR wearables also provide professional workout guidance, creating a unique fitness experience tailored to each individual user. HONOR Watch GS 3 supports over 100 exercise modes, including 85 custom workout modes and more than 10 professional workout modes. It also provides 12 exercise demonstrations and voice guidance for fitness courses, including shoulder and neck stretches, fat burning, and fullbody relaxation, Since October 2022, the updated version of HONOR Health has presented users with personalized interfaces, provided fitness advice, and training courses base on user habits, helping them reach their health goals. Running Training Courses Animated Training GuidanceHONOR Health offers a range of running training courses, including beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels, all of which are accompanied by realtime voice guidance from a personal coach. Each course is designed to progress gradually from easy to difficult, helping runners to exercise with ease. HONOR Health is equipped with various builtin training courses, which include a comprehensive simulation guide through a personal trainerstyle animation. These diverse fitness courses offer a scientific and comprehensive training approach with detailed voice guidance, facilitating users' personal workouts. Running Guidance by Smart Trainer When users are running outdoors, Smart Trainer sets appropriate running intensity and goals based on their recent performance and physical fitness. It will also provide realtime voice guidance to help them become better runners. HONOR Earbuds 3 Pro can intelligently monitor and automatically record body temperature, providing more comprehensive body data for health management. HONOR Body Fat Scale 3 can measure 24 body composition indicators, including weight, body fat percentage, BMI, body score, subcutaneous fat percentage, and visceral fat level, to help users keep fit and stay in good shape.
59 In December 2022, HONOR Health was officially launched, aiming to help users manage their health through AI capabilities. In terms of functionality, HONOR Health can record and analyze users' exercise and health data, connect and manage HONOR devices, and provide users with a platform of content and services. HONOR smart bands and watches can be connected to the phone through HONOR Health. Based on the platformlevel AI capabilities of MagicOS 7. 0, HONOR Health can customize exercise plans for users and provide over 300 workout advice accordingly based on users habits. It helps users create their own exercise and health management plans effectively. Adhering to the idea of inclusiveness, HONOR transforms its technological strength into professional and practical products. With multiple health management products and services, we help users manage their health effectively. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Running with Smart Companion When Smart Companion is enabled, users run alongside a virtual running partner to gain a clear understanding of the disparity between the current pace and the set goal. No longer fret about running too fast or slow, as users will always maintain a suitable pacing and running rhythm. Check Training status Based on the changes in training load and maximum oxygen uptake trend over the past week, HONOR Health analyzes the effectiveness of current training and helps users achieve scientific and healthy exercise, while avoiding excessive load that can cause bodily harm.
Youth Empowerment HONOR empowers energetic youth to break through the boundaries of creative aesthetics. All living creatures have their beauty. HONOR always encourages new forces to create new works and inspires young people Harmonious Coexistence Between Technology and Nature their talents through diversified events. 60 SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Youth Empowerment 61 HONOR Talents Global Design Awards received 13, 000 submissions, covering 164 universities in 40 countries. HONOR Creativity Challenge attracts 800 universities worldwide participated by 2, 300 student teams in 2022. There are 300, 000 works submitted for HONOR Magic Moments in 2022 with 20 of overseas submissions. Highlights 13, 000 2, 300 300, 000 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
62 According to the China National Development Dynamics Report, youth, the crucial group and decisive force in building an innovationdriven nation, have the most uptodate knowledge skill set and the most diverse and innovative ideas. HONOR believes that excellent talents and a strong organization are the foundation for business development. Only by continuously gathering top talents with innovative and creative thinking can we better cope with the more challenging digital world of the future. We believe that youth have the ability to make incredible achievements. When empowered young people recognize their talent and value, they will take risks with confidence and be open to trying new things. They will realize that persistence is the path to success rather than giving up. HONOR believes that youth who are willing to hold on to their values can regain confidence when they encounter difficulties or feel lost and revive themselves and keep going to pursue their dreams. New HONOR is as full of dreams as a youth. We value the power of youth and care about youth development. We are willing to work together with young people to create a more imaginative future. HONOR hosted various and exciting activities, inviting young people from allover the world to participate in together and share wonderful moments. The creativity of youth makes them the main force of innovation and entrepreneurship. However, young people who engage in innovation and entrepreneurship also face difficulties in financing, little experience, and inadequate services, especially in developing countries. Therefore, HONOR and the Universidad de Va e de Mjxico (UVM), one of the top universities in Mexico and one of the most important universities in the entire Latin American region, conducted cooperation for the first time and have launched a joint entrepreneurship scholarship to help students incubate their business ideas. Innovation and open collaboration are at the core of both HONOR and UVM. This is why we both decided to start a longterm partnership to help students create innovative businesses. This program helps to promote a high level of entrepreneurship education and implement innovative business models and ideas. UVM students and graduates with innovative and viable business ideas are eligible to apply for the scholarship, regardless of their year or major. The scholarship will be used to help them incubate their business projects, including supporting creating a business plan, providing training in financing communications, etc. At the same time, to better support young entrepreneurial students, we have organized a series of lectures, master classes, and workshops in collaboration with UVM. Projects proposed by young students are also incubated in UVM's national incubator network. By the end of 2022, HONOR and UVM have awarded scholarships to students in 75 entrepreneurial teams. In the near future, these businesses could become a significant source of local jobs and bring greater financial stability to society. In 2023, HONOR will also continue its cooperation with UVM to provide more support for young and creative students. Join hands with UVM, offer funds to support the incubation of entrepreneurial projects HONOR hopes to help young emerging talents in the field of design and art and let their works and talents be seen by the world. From HONOR CEO Zhao MingHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
63 HONOR Talents, Explore a combination between technology and artHONOR ESG Report (20212022) HONOR Talents Global Design Awards brings together the pioneering artistic power of young people and aims to mobilize the rich resources of the HONOR brand to support, empower, and incubate more forces with original thinking. The project also continues to carry out a global dialog on art and technology design, phone design experience, and new design expressions. HONOR Talents is not only an international competition about art and design, but always keeps the spirit of exploration and innovative design language to directly satisfy the emotional needs of consumers, resonate with consumers, continuously empower better art design concepts into HONOR's technology products, and continue to apply our prowess in more life scenes so that consumers can experience the innovative beauty of combining technology and art every moment. Since its inception in 2020, HONOR Talents Global Design Competition has reached indepth cooperation with internationally renowned design institutions such as Central Academy of Fine Arts, China Academy of Art, Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts, Multimedia University (MMU), and Taylor's University. The competition not only invites art colleges to serve as academic guidance institutions and explore the frontiers of design with outstanding young talents, but also cooperates with colleges to conduct lectures on the frontiers of design and establish training camps to advance young creators' skills and career development. After two years of growth, the competition has attracted young creators from more than 40 countries and regions and 164 renowned institutions around the world to participate in, receiving more than 13, 000 works, the highest level ever. The competition has fully activated the power of young pioneering artists around the world. Over 100 of the winning entries were customized into themes, wallpapers, art backs, retail products, and other products that are toured the world. The works have spread to Malaysia, Czech Republic, UAE, Mexico, Egypt, Italy, France, UK, Germany, Hong Kong(China) and other countries and regions, enabling more people to seethe innovative beauty of combining technology and art and the design talent of young creators. The competition invites professors and artists from renowned colleges and universities at home and abroad as judges. Design experts share design industry trends and frontier design knowledge with the participants, empowering youth with vivid lessons. We also provide prizes, industry exchange opportunities, and internship jobs for the winning young designers, helping young people move towards a broader career stage. The theme of the 2022 HONOR Talents is Inspire the Future. The future represents youth and innovation, signifying that youth discover and create beauty through design and innovation.. To support young designers in exploring the beauty of the world, HONOR Talents setup a youth empowerment training camp, inviting design experts to share frontier design knowledge with the contestants, and encouraging and inspiring outstanding designers worldwide in multiple dimensions. We have also partnered with 5 Malaysian universities to set up campus awards and scholarships to provide both material and mental incentives for young designers. During the contest, many young designers have also left their unique voice of communication with HONOR. We believe in the power of youth works and hope touse HONOR products as a carrier to achieve the first masterpiece of young designers.
Twelve Hours of HONOR, designed by Yang Long, HONOR Talents 2022 Global Champion 64 Drawing inspiration from traditional culture, the elements of the twelve hours and the zodiac are incorporated into the watch face design, with the mechanical beauty of modern industrial gears and the woodworking aesthetic of ancient farming waterwheels, creating a visual art that is both traditional and modern with detailed decorations and an architectural threedimensional structure. Acute cartoon image is drawn with 12 endangered animals as the main characters. The strong color contrast presents a vibrant scene. The artwork conveys the design concept that everything is reviving and full of hope, aiming to call on humans to protect nature and the home where humans and animals live together. Endangered Animals, designed by Xue Yan, Runnerup of HONOR Talents 2022 Open Designs Co Space is an innovative and interactive art space for children combined by projection and physical entity, with the main purpose of being used for behavioral intervention and supplementary treatment for children with autism. We integrate the concepts of traditional medicine, psychology, and education with design, science, and other knowledge to create a space that combines art and technology to help children with autism to play freely. Co Space, designed by Zhu Xiuqi, runnerup of HONOR Talents 2022 Interactive Art Installation Design HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
65 On the basis of graphic design, the 2022 competition added an Art & Technology part, with AR interactive artwork design and interactive art installation design, leading the audience to experience a journey of technology exploration with humanistic undertones and showing the goodwill and care of young designers for the disadvantaged. In addition, we wish to encourage young designers around the world to make full use of technology to give new life to their communities. With the HONOR Talents Global Design Competition and ARLOOPA, an AR and VR development company, HONOR has collaborated with two internationally renowned artists, Yunuen Esparza and Timo Helgert, to restore and recreate the monuments of the UNESCOcertified World Heritage Site of Speicherstadt in Hamburg, Germany. The innovative interactive form of AR digital content and reality overlay injects new vitality into the centuryold cultural heritage. When my art is powered by technology, I can connect people across space and time and that is a wonderful feeling. Yunuen Esparza Contemporary Artist from Mexico The fusion of art and technology is creating new ways to connect with cultural heritage and celebrate our communities. Timo Helgert Visual Artist from Germany HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
66 Mr. Ge Feng, Director of HONOR UX Design Department and judge of HONOR Talents Global Awards, gave a lecture titled Experience Design of Terminal Intelligent System to students and faculty of the Central Academy of Fine Arts on May 18, 2022, providing students with cuttingedge information about the industry. With the development of AI and big data capabilities as the background, Ge Feng explained to students how the terminal system can be upgraded around user habits and scene awareness for intelligent experience design, providing users with personalized and diversified experience design. Lecture held by Central Academy of Fine Arts City Design School With youth works as the content and youth participants as the guests, the youth works were promoted and displayed in a diverse forms. During the MONDIACULT 2022, HONOR exhibited its awardwinning works in Mexico City for participants from more than 130 countries, and joined hands with the internationally renowned fashion media WWD to hold the first FASHION LAB exhibition to display the power of youth originality. At the first international Shanghai Digital Art Fair, many outstanding works were invited, bringing a unique humanistic and technological feature to this art carnival. At the same time, global launches, anniversary events, and international exhibitions of HONOR all showed the results of HONOR Talents. These various forms of activities were reported by famous media at home and abroad and loved by global consumers. Provide a stage for youth to showcase their talentsHONOR has officially launched 8 HONOR Talents creative phone cases for phones ranging from HONOR 60 series to HONOR 80 series. Our Themes app also released over 250 HONOR Talents wallpapers, covering 113 countries and regions. At the same time, the art backing film of HONOR retail gifts and HONOR services both adopt artwork patterns of HONOR Talents, bringing consumers the innovative beauty of combining technology and art. Let HONOR consumers worldwide seethe creativity of young talents HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
HONOR Talents says Feedback from winners 67 HONOR Talents continues to focus on technology, art, and creativity of young talents. The exhibition series allows me to obtain more real feedback from people who have experiences in different fields, which will be of great help to my future creations. Thanks to the opportunity and platform provided by HONOR. I am very honored to promote Chinese traditional culture as the main visual applied in the art exhibition, HONOR Theme app, and New Year red envelope cover, and get the affirmation and recognition from art, fashion, and consumers. I will be more determined in my direction. The award from the Malaysian Education Office in China was something that I did not expect before I entered the competition. I was very surprised to receive this award, and I am very grateful to HONOR for bringing my work around the world and will continue to support HONOR Talents. HONOR Talents gives me a platform to express myself and my art. The advancement of technology makes more and more richer forms of creation possible, injecting fresh blood into art creation. HONOR Talents provides me with a great opportunity to compare myself with other designers around the world. I enjoy the challenge and would like to join the contest once again. Wang Chenghao China, Champion of the 2022 Interactive Art Installation Design Michele Cavaliere Italy Best Popularity Award 2021 Zeno Jun Malaysia Best Design Award 2021 Zhou Tong - China Best Animation Award 2020 Han Jingwen China, Champion of the 2022 Wallpapers Design HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
68 HONOR Magic Moments photography give rise to the new cultural force Worldwide 50 Countries and regions Over 500 thousand Pieces of excellent worksHONOR ESG Report (20212022) We believe that our life, consisting of countless tiny moments, is wonderful and great. Every touching and beautiful moment deserves tobe captured with HONOR's hightech empowered cameras. Record marvelous life by capturing every extraordinary and precious moment aswell as every contrejour shot This is the essence of HONOR Magic Moment Awards. This award aims at breaking through the boundary of dynamic visual expression through innovative technology, and establishing a global exchange platform of mobile photography around mobile phone shooting experience and lens expression. This award also aims at tapping the creative inspiration of the public and new filmmakers, and shaping new forces influencing culture through your unique aesthetic and rich practical experience, and assisting creators in realizing their dreams, and discovering more new generation of highquality creative talents through the incentive mechanism. In September 2021, the first HONOR Mobile Image Project was officially launched. The 2022 competition was upgraded with the core concept of Keep the spark in your heart and freeze the magic moment with the lens, and three new sections of Green, Short Videos, and Photo Series were added. Among them, the Green section is open for all brand models to submit their works, so as to encourage the public touse images to express their attitude towards environmental protection and attract more people to value ecological protection and live a green lifestyle. The contest invited domestic and foreign photography masters such as documentary photographer Fu Yongjun, wildlife photographer & ecology photography expert Xiao Ge, Spanish photographer & artist Eugenio Recuenco, and HPA board member H. Loren Nielsen as judges, and has setup national and regional awards in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Latin America, Middle East Africa, and other places to increase the participation of overseas users and photography fans. Over the past two years, we have collected more than 500, 000 entries from 50 countries and regions around the world.
69 Spring is coming, and the trees along the road are beginning to sprout spring buds. The finger graffiti wall painting on the wall is just in the place of the tree trunks, just like carefully caring for the newly sprouted spring buds. Protect Spring Buds - Ao Zhuowen, 2022 HONOR Magic Moments, Winners of the Photographer of the Year Award in Green section, using HONOR Magic 3 Pro HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
70 HONOR Creativity Challenge Building a stage for youth to reach their dreams Youth is the power to change the times. The golden age calls fora golden generation, whose firm ideals, beliefs, and dreams will be gradually realized through persistence and hardwork. I hope everyone can meet a better self and transcend the unseen. -- Guo Rui, Global Chief Marketing Officer of HONOR HONOR ESG Report (20212022) As an event for creative marketing elites in colleges and universities, the first HONOR Creativity Challenge has attracted young students from a total of more than 200 cities and 800 colleges and universities worldwide since it was held in 2021. 2022 HONOR Creative Challenge is further upgraded to focus on the stronger sense of subject and fresh energy of the young people who are the generation after 00 s. By inviting senior judges to support the event professionally, combining marketing hotspots and the real needs of enterprises, introducing professional marketing topics, empowering students with innovative products, and cultivating outstanding marketing talents with top mentors, HONOR provided an open and energetic creative platform for many college students to create works based on the current industry development trends, guiding young talents to take the lead and promoting the value of young talents. After 3 stages of fierce competition, including a preliminary, semifinal, and final rounds, FORSEA of Tsinghua University, HONORChaser of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and Blue of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, standing out from 2, 300 elite teams from universities around the world, won the first, second, and third place respectively. 10 creators won the best individual award. With the firstclass professional standard and the strong exchange atmosphere, this competition has won unanimous affirmation from the participating students. The competition let me see more possibilities for the future., Tapping into new skills is a very valuable experience., and There were many video courses full of knowledge in the preliminary stage, which were more practical and uptodate than what I learned in school. As a dynamic technology company, we hope to help young people learn to apply their skills and improve their personal career plans with the Creative Challenge. In addition to material incentives, the winner will be supported by an HONOR Talent Program including a green card for interview. Participants will also have the opportunity to meet outstanding peers from all over the country. Through team PK, they will break the boundaries of campus and profession to obtain the thinking collision.
Employee Development Employees are our most valuable asset. We provide employees with reasonable salaries and benefits, aswell as potential career development paths. 71 SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Employee Development HONOR creates a simple, efficient, and caring working atmosphere, and continuously enhances the sense of achievement and happiness of employees. HONOR Academy has 5, 000 courses online and empowered a total of 160, 000 staff by 2022. The Seven Ones requires systematic and refined management of EHS work. There are 66 human resources policies to implement the principle of diversified and inclusive employment and create a warm employee development system. Consumer focus and dedicated employees as our foundation is one of the core values that HONOR upholds. We provide competitive payment and comprehensive benefit plans for our employees. Excellent workplaces and caring facilities protect the health and safety of HONOR people. There are 30 cultural and sports clubs to enrich employees' life and entertainment, with direct participation in various activities by more than 15, 000 people. 72 Highlights 66 Employees care Health and Safety Fair Development 160, 000 15, 000 Seven Ones HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Employment Diversified and fair development opportunities 73 Employees are the most valuable asset of the company. HONOR values every employee and attaches great importance to talent management and employee work experience. We have established a sophisticated human resource management system. In the areas of talent recruitment, employee development, remuneration and incentive, and employee care and protection, we have issued a total of 66 human resources policies, providing a basis for talent management and scientific company management. HONOR follows the philosophy of recruiting and cultivating outstanding talents, upholds the recruitment principles of inclusion, equality, and respect, and incorporates bottomline principles such as antidiscrimination, antiharassment, and antiforced labor into the HONOR Code of Conduct. We insist on equal pay for equal work, fully protect the rights and interests of female employees, and encourage women to bring their expertise and specialties into play and play their roles in important positions. For employees with physical disabilities, we actively create a barrierfree office environment for them and assist them in applying for disability allowance to facilitate their lives as much as possible. We aim to build a cohesive and continuously innovative team by recruiting awide range of talents through multiple recruitment channels. Whether you area member of the society ora student, you can apply to join HONOR through the HONOR Recruitment official account, official website, and offline recruitment fairs through various channels. Every year, we conduct recruitment presentations at major universities in China. By inviting students from universities to participate in various activities such as Open Day and campus talks, we have indepth communication with students and provide them with a platform to learn about HONOR. In 2022, we have provided a large number of positions in nine job categories and more than 60 job directions for fresh graduates to recruit a wide range of outstanding fresh talents. We have released a total of 66 human resources policiesHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
74 Raul Speaker of Play Series He says that the booming HONOR is a platform that gives ample opportunities for people to show their talents here. Jack MKT Manager He says, As a newcomer, I didn't know anything at that time, but my mentor gave me a lot of guidance. You can only take the high ground if you progress faster than the same group of people, and I enjoyed it. Tim GTM Manager He says that the company is expanding and the business is growing rapidly. For young people, joining HONOR means infinite possibilities. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Diversified Incentives HONOR appreciates the career development of employees, insists on the combination of training and practice, formulates a reasonable promotion mechanism for employees, develops talents in practice, and provides them with opportunities. Employees can choose their own career promotion path for management or professional development according to their own needs. In terms of talent selection, we insist on responsibility and result orientation, and offer promotion opportunities based on business contribution. We implement diverse employee incentives that value the talents, contribution, and ideas of our employees. Based on the core values of customer focus and dedicated employees as our foundation, we adhere to the incentive policy of reward for contribution and provide competitive remuneration and welfare in the industry. Meanwhile, we have built a sophisticated nonmaterial incentive system, focusing on recognizing individuals and teams with outstanding performance in business and cultural transmission by setting up various honorary awards with clear orientation, spiritual leadership, and team cohesion. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) 75
76 Talent is the primary resource for the longterm development of the company. We focus on the overall improvement of the professional ability and quality of our staff. HONOR Academy was established in 2020. We insist on serving consumers as the center and are committed to building an empowerment system that serves HONOR employees worldwide, providing systematic and customized training for employees and continuously improving organizational capabilities inwork practice. The Five Star Plan focuses on the company's talent development plan and the needs of the talent development stage, creating a learning empowerment field, providing empowerment resources, solidifying the ability base for career development, and helping employees become rising stars in the workplace. In addition to the training courses, we arrange mentors for our staff and encourage them to learn business knowledge and professional skills through learning platforms and activities such as HONOR Academy and HONOR TALK. Various training, cultivation of people is cultivation of future Training systems for employee growth, cultivating generals in practice 180 days of comprehensive training Blend in with company culture, combination of training and practical work, guidance with a mentor Rising Star Plan First six months Shining Star Plan Enter the fast track of growth Professional improvement in a specific field Increase general knowledge Independent growth (online offline)First and second year Appear as rising stars & Become the best Development program for key positions Training for positions Training for professional skills Polaris Plan Third and fourth year Morning Star Plan Embark ona journey as a star Get to know the company and the industry 3 months after the start date Leading Star Plan Become a leader Strategy Seminars Specialized training for business managers Empower middle and lower management professionals The fifth year HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
77 Training feedback In the training process, we insist that the course design, instructor selection, and training delivery are all led by the business department to ensure that the training content fully fits the company's talent development needs. We also put emphasis on the actual effect of training. After each training, we conduct timely research to obtain feedback from employees to continuously improve the quality of the courses. It has been three months since the NEO (New Employee Orientation) training. Xiaojie, a newcomer in the R&D management department, has a lot of feelings in the work practice. For the first three months, I was responsible for tracking the project delivery progress and practiced much of the knowledge I learned from NEO. In the process of delivering products, Jie said he deeply appreciated that the company always upholds the principle of quality first and understood the concept of doing things right at the lowest cost. In the process of participating in product design, he understood what is from the consumer's point of view and how to insist on user experience first. During the cooperation with suppliers, Jie understood the importance of teamwork and the qualities that a good team should have. In the process of problem review and improvement closure, he applied the quality management methods he learned in NEO to optimize the quality of the team's project delivery. It was the training of NEO that allowed me to be efficient in my following work. When I was first appointed, I was still preparing and I joined the FLDP for a better turnaround. But at the same time, I came upwith questions how to shift focus from business to business and management - tobe able to lead by example to achieve the goals and expectations of the company, but also to manage the team? How to improve the ability to enhance the management of local employees? How to breakdown cultural barriers and fully bring the company'score values to the local team? In the class, I got the answers As a manager, I need to take the initiative, assume management responsibilities and be responsible for team results. Combined with the actual operational needs of the current business, I need to gradually coach employees tobe competent in their positions to quickly enhance the effectiveness. The supervisor plays a key role in core values practice. I will lead the team to practice and inherit the company'score values with joint efforts. The supervisor should lead by example, solidify basic management skills, constantly set challenging goals, promote team cohesion, constantly motivate staff, and take the initiative to fully understand the difficulties and challenges encountered by staff in the process and provide counseling. Xiaojie from R&D Department Executive Director of a business unit in Marketing and Sales Services Department (Director Zhang)HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
78 HONOR is never the leading role atour company, but each and every employee forging ahead that has always taken the center stage. HONOR insists on striversoriented concept and caring about employees, and is committed to creating a simple and efficient, warm and caring life of HONOR with warm and caring staff care measures. By building platforms such as HONOR Vitality, HONOR Fitness, HONOR Guardian, and HONOR Communication, we continue to enhance the sense of belonging and happiness of our employees in all aspects and through multiple channels. HONOR insists on providing a stage for strivers and encourages employees to show their diversified talent afterwork. In HONOR, employees can spontaneously form sports and cultural clubs, including fitness, book sharing, football, and cute pets, covering all aspects of HONOR people's lives. The number of clubs has exceeded 30 by far, and these clubs become importance platforms for employee exchanges. Among them, eight officially certified clubs regularly carry out corporatelevel cultural and sports activities ona large scale to enrich the life of HONOR people. We regularly hold wonderful internal activities. All employees are free to participate in various activities such as HONOR Cup basketball league, football league, badminton league, MINI concert, HONOR LIFE photography activity, and Sing Aloud HONOR singing competition based on their interests. With more than 15, 000 participants in our cultural and sports events in 2022, HONOR employees are given important opportunities to showcase themselves, live healthy lives, and communicate and grow while participating in their favorite activities. Care for our people, improve their happiness HONOR Vitality Basketball Club Running Club Football Club Badminton Club Photography Club Reading Club Music Club Dance ClubHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
79 Sing Aloud Singing Competition Sing Aloud singing competition held in 2022 by the music club paved the journey of HONOR with music and sang the voice of HONOR. The event was held in Shenzhen, Beijing, Xi'an, and other places, attracting 6, 000 spectators, discovering talented HONOR people with music, enriching spare time and bringing a unique artistic journey for all employees. 1024 Engineer Culture Festival To enrich the spare time of our R&D team, we hold 1024 Engineer Culture Festival on October 24 every year. The award ceremony, orange party, running engineer, and other series of activities pay tribute to every engineer with craftsmanship, together with the excellent gene, and in the field of competition to go far. By the end of 2022, 1024 Engineer Culture Festival has been held twice and widely praised by employees in R&D. We provide our employees with a variety of facilities and services such as a cafeteria with rich tastes, a wellequipped gym, a health cabin with professional doctors, anda convenient shuttle bus, which greatly facilitates the daily work and life of our employees. We plan all kinds of team building activities, birthday parties, Family Day, anniversary of joining the company, traditional holiday activities, etc., focusing on business practice, employee growth, family care, traditional holidays, and other scenes, and spend every important moment with employees. HONOR Guardian HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
80 HONOR cares for our female employees and has designed Infant room in all workplaces to provide a safe place for female employees who are breastfeeding. On March 8, Mother's Day, and other womenonly holidays, we also invited hospitals or institutions with professional qualifications to carry out special health checkups such as breast screening and thyroid screening for female employees, and provide female employees or their relatives with activities such as interpretation of medical examination reports and warm escort by corporate doctors to guard the physical and mental health of female employees. HONOR strives to provide adequate health protection for employees, and has purchased commercial insurance for all employees on the basis of social insurance, including critical illness insurance, accident insurance, and business travel insurance. We also provide our employees and their relatives with 24 7 online doctor services and free oneonone professional psychological counseling services to help employees relieve their psychological stress. We have established a 7 x 24 emergency response mechanism worldwide to deal with all kinds of emergencies in a timely and effective manner. The HONOR Fitness activity month in March and April every year is closely related to the needs of employees and carries out a series of healththemed activities, such as expert consultation, health training camp, and health lectures, which provide professional and efficient health experience for HONOR employees. We regularly conduct annual physical examinations for all employees and provide special discounted medical examinations for employees' families. In 2022, we held six fat loss and weight loss camps, farewell to gout camps, and care for cervical spine camps with professional physicians, nutritionists, fitness trainers, and herbalists, attracting more than 1, 200 employees and relatives to participate in. The health lecture invites directorlevel physicians and professional psychological counselors from HONOR Fitness HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
81 wellknown tertiary hospitals in the industry to teach employees physical and mental health expertise and help them to develop good living habits. In response to emergencies, we have established an emergency response mechanism in the workplace, which is equipped with resources such as AED first aid equipment and emergency medical kits. There are corporate doctors in the workplace to protect employee health and safety. We also have a professional Emergency Response Team (ERT), all of whom are trained in First Aid, CPR and AED by international rescue organizations or the local Red Cross, and conduct monthly first aid drills. During the Covid 19 epidemic prevention and control period, we set up the Global Epidemic Prevention and Control Working Group and formulated and released the Global Epidemic Prevention and Control Management Code to provide comprehensive protection for employees' health in multiple dimensions, including personel, finance, affairs, and materials. For example, the domestic workplace arranges onsite vaccinations. Expatriate employees are vaccinated before going abroad, receive intransit vaccination kits, and are provided with Welcome home kits when returning home. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
82 Communicate with and listen to employees HONOR takes seriously the communication with employees and establishes a smooth employee communication and feedback mechanism. The Chairman and CEO regularly conduct Executive Faceto Face communication activities with employees every six months to closely exchange various issues with them. For each business system of the company, we build various communication channels such as Mars Faceto Face, Sailing Lighthouse, Roundtable and Coffee Time to fully listen to employees' voices. In addition, HONOR Home, the internal forum of HONOR, is an important platform for employees to express their opinions. Various public mailboxes are also important ways for employees to give feedback on improvements. Through diversified communication channels, we always listen to the most real voice of employees. HONOR fully respects and protects the legitimate rights and interests of employees and values their opinions. We have setup a unified complaint email address HONOR ESG Report (20212022) bcgcomplain hihonor. com to facilitate employees and partners to make a complaint. After receipt of the complaint email and reasonable research and judgement, the complaint incident will be forwarded to the relevant department for processing, and the progress of processing will be followed up in real time. At the same time, we protect the rights and interests of our employees and strictly protect the information of whistleblowers, complainants, and others who provide information about the investigation to ensure that they are not subject to retaliation. False accusation, slander, preventing reporting or complaint, director indirect retaliation against the complainant, leaking information about reporting or complaint, etc. are considered serious disciplinary violations. The personnel involved will also be subject to disciplinary action, or even termination of labor relations.
83 HONOR always upholds the concept of being peopleoriented, pursues the policy of safety first, caring for employees, and protecting the environment, and fully protects the occupational health and safety of the employees (EHS). We have established an EHS management system in accordance with the requirements of ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 standards, and formulated the HONOR EHS Management System Guidelines. Meanwhile, we have established a companylevel EHS committee to promote the systematic and refined management of EHS work. Ensure occupational health and safety EHS Management Framework Since 2021, we have been working with a professional thirdparty EHS service provider to conduct routine EHS inspections of office areas, R&D labs, manufacturing plants, warehouses, stores, and other business locations to identify potential health and safety risks and continuously optimize the office and production environment. In 2022, HONOR EHS Committee put forward the Seven Ones requirements for EHS work to ensure the orderly implementation of EHS management. According to the laws and regulations and ISO system requirements, we have formulated the EHS System Maturity Assessment Form as a measurement tool for the maturity of EHS work in various fields. To consolidate the responsibility of EHS work at all levels, we have set safety indicators for employees at all levels in all departments of the park and conducted monthly assessments. Companylevel EHS Committee The CEO is the head of the committee, which includes the top executives of each business area. EHS leading group EHS implementation group EHS officer The top executive of each business area is responsible for safety production directly. Assist and support the work of the leading group Implement specific workHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
84 One report to management every quarter One EHS review meeting every quarter One EHS commitment letter every year One review on EHS policies and documents every year One EHS training to all every year One health check to hazardous exposure employees every year One emergency drill every year Seven Ones requirements for HONOR EHS management HONOR highly values the improvement of employees' health and safety awareness and fully implements the concept of EHS through training and responsibility letter signing. In 2022, we asked all employees on duty to learn the basics of HONOR safety production and sign the Safety Production Responsibility Letter at the same time. Meanwhile, we have invited thirdparty professional agencies to conduct special EHS training. Since 2021, a total of over 800 people have participated in EHS training provided by thirdparty agencies, and more than 160 employees have obtained ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 internal auditor certificates issued by thirdparty agencies, effectively improving the professional capabilities of EHS staff in various business areas. In 2021 and 2022, we have invited thirdparty professional agencies to conduct EHS inspections covering office areas, R&D labs, manufacturing plants, warehouses, stores, and other business locations to discover possible hardware defects, identify potential health and safety risks, and have an EHS officer to overseethe improvement of the problems found and continuously optimize the office and production environment. We have established a comprehensive EHS management system. In March 2021, we obtained ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 certifications. Since 2021, over 800 people participated in EHS specific trainingHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
equip safety equipment and facilities and personal protective equipment, and carry out EHS training including thirdlevel safety education for new employees, EHS training for key positions, and safety basic knowledge training for all employees to ensure the implementation of safety risk control measures. We establish and implement a multilevel safety inspection mechanism, such as the onsite inspection by supervisors, special comprehensive inspection by safety managers, and daily inspection by parttime fire safety officers, to inspect and rectify the control of safety risks. In 2022, HONOR successfully reached the EHS target, achieving no serious injuries and fatal workplace accidents, no occupational diseases, no environmental pollution accidents, no fires, anda 100 completion rate of training required by the Law on Work Safety. Occupational health and safety is an important basis for employees to devote themselves to work. It is the persistent pursuit of HONOR to take good care of employees and protect their health and safety. In the future, we will continue to improve the EHS management system, focus on areas such as production, R&D, and operation, and carry out safety hazard inspection, safety education activities, emergency drills, and many other activities to effectively create a safer and more worryfree working environment for our employees. 85 HONOR has always managed its EHS works in a prudent manner. In view of the large area of the R&D site, the variety of equipment, and the complexity of hazard source categories, we have identified 9 major categories of hazard source scenarios, and regularly conduct targeted hazard inspections and adopt management measures of assessment combined with reward and punishment mechanisms to encourage each department to continuously improve their EHS performance. In 2022, the cumulative number of hidden problems identified and resolved in the R&D area exceeded 800. HONOR also conducts monthly training for lab managers nationwide, with courses covering EHS basics, firesafety, electrical safety, hazardous chemicals, Xray radiation, and other related topics. In 2022, we conducted emergency drills for four scenarios, including Xray radiation, battery safety, chemical leakage, and fire extinguisher use, to consolidate and deepen the training. In HONOR Smart Manufacture Park, we develop a safety culture with safetyinspired leadership and full participation as the core, establish safety commitment, safety process index monitoring, safety incentives, and other mechanisms to continuously improve the system of production safety responsibility for staff, regularly promote and carry out safety production month, KYT STOP, and other safetythemed activities to enhance safety awareness through the safety culture platform. In HONOR Smart Manufacture Park, following the ISO 45001 standard, we identify the EHS risks of the manufacturing process and develop control measures through annual job safety analysis (JSA), four new access safety reviews, safety improvement of risky operations, and other activities, HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Harmony Industry Development HONOR not only adheres to high CSR standards but also works with our suppliers to build high standards in labor rights, occupational health and safety, environmental protection, and business ethics. We share sustainable development with our industry chain partners. 86 SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Harmony Industry Development Established the Code of Conduct on Supplier Social Responsibility to regulate supplier behavior and create a responsible supply chain Regarding responsible procurement of mineral raw materials, benchmarking with international guidelines, HONOR established a responsible mineral supply chain management system and released the HONOR Statement on Responsible Mineral Supply Chain Due Diligence Management. 87 Highlights Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct Responsible Mineral Supply Chain Due Diligence Management Take care of the environment as our responsibility, improve the environmental awareness of suppliers, and promote the level of green development of the supply chain Carbon inventory project cover over 50 suppliers Supply chain survey cover over 200 smelters and refiners Share the Due Diligence Management results of Responsibility Minerals with stakeholders Onsite assessment cover over 210 K industry chain employees Focusing on their labor rights, health and safety, and development 200 Green Supply Chain 50 210, 000 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Share the Principle of High Standards and Sustainable Development with Suppliers 88 Supplier CSR management HONOR lays stress on the sustainable development of the supply chain and integrates CSR into the whole life cycle management of suppliers, including supplier certification, evaluation, and performance management. Referring to international codes of conduct and benchmarking with industry best practices, we have developed the HONOR Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct to regulate supplier behavior and promote the sustainable development of the entire industry chain. Supplier onboarding HONOR has set requirements for supplier qualification. Suppliers must pass ISO 14001 environmental management system and ISO 45001 occupational health management system certification, and had no major negative events in labor, occupational health and safety, and environment in the past two years. In addition to meeting the requirements for new suppliers, we will also set up a system certification team to conduct onsite audits of suppliers for quality, process, CSR, information security, and other systems. We have a veto right for CSR affairs, and suppliers who fail the certification will not be able to become HONOR suppliers. In addition, we spread HONOR's CSR management requirements to our suppliers, have the Supplier CSR Agreement signed, and ensure their compliance with the HONOR Supplier CSR Code of Conduct. Supplier assessment HONOR routinely conducts supplier CSR risk assessment, formulates CSR annual onsite assessment plan according to the risk level, invites thirdparty professional auditing agencies and HONOR CSR experts to conduct onsite audits and assessments of suppliers, verifies suppliers' compliance with the HONOR Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct through a comprehensive review of suppliers' labor rights, health and safety, environmental protection, business ethics, and management systems, to control suppliers' CSR risks. Onsite audits cover more than 40 of production suppliers in 2021 and 2022. To date, there have been no significant adverse events at HONOR suppliers. To improve supplier management, HONOR arranges personnel to be present at the supplier site to manage, provide counseling for the supplier on quality, CSR, etc., Supplier CSR audit internal training participated by more than 470 people Sustainability audit cover over 40 suppliersHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
and follow up to solve the problems. To enhance the professionalism of our onsite staff, we have organized a series of CSR training, such as CSR basic knowledge and auditing skills training, system (ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 14064, ISO 50001, etc.) auditor training, etc., with the participation of more than 470 people. HONOR also uses online screen and other methods to review supplier performance to help suppliers make continuous improvements. We provide timely CSR risk warnings for suppliers based on industry dynamics and promote selfcorrection and prevention by suppliers. Supplier training Leadership is essential to CSR management. We routinely organize face to face CSR presentations at suppliers' sites to convey HONOR's CSR philosophy, requirements, and management methods to suppliers' managers and CSR managers, and promote CSR leadership at the top level of suppliers, reaching more than 80 suppliers by the end of 2022. In December 2021, HONOR held its first core partner conference with the theme of Go Together, Go Beyond, which was attended by 490 guests from 240 partners worldwide. The president of procurement delivered the concept and requirements of HONOR's supply chain CSR management to the partners, emphasizing that supply chain CSR management is a crucial part of the sustainable development of enterprises. HONOR always works with suppliers to jointly promote the sustainable development of the industry chain. For problems, difficulties, and pain points in supplier CSR management, HONOR organizes experts for special guidance, draws on quality management methods and tools, and refers to excellent practices in the industry to discuss improvement plans with suppliers and develop targeted corrective and preventive measures and implement them. Supplier performance evaluation HONOR annually assesses the CSR performance of suppliers, including CSR management status, onsite assessment results, continuous improvement. The CSR performance of suppliers is divided into four grades, which are excellent, good, qualified, and unqualified. The performance assessment results will be applied to HONOR's project selection, bidding, and supplier portfolio management. For suppliers with good performance, HONOR will give priority to providing business cooperation opportunities. For suppliers with poor performance, HONOR will reduce the purchase share or business cooperation opportunities, or even cancel the partnership. 89 HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
90 Protect the legitimate rights of workers Protection of legal labor rights is apriority in HONOR's supplier management. We hold zero tolerance for child labor, forced labor, or inhumane treatment. HONOR actively engages thirdparty authoritative auditors to evaluate and verify the status of suppliers' labor rights and interests, and works together with its suppliers to effectively fulfill its labor protection obligations, enabling everyone in the chain to work decently. HONOR values the work experience of grassroots workers at suppliers. We learn workers' real working experience through onsite assessment and employee interviews, and have covered more than 210, 000 industry chain employees by the end of 2022, and this number is increasing year by year. We require suppliers to organize regular satisfaction surveys covering grassroots employees to close the loop on problems and improve employee satisfaction. Suppliers are also required to carry out analysis and take measures to reduce turnover rates and improve employee perception. We invite professional agencies to counsel suppliers to address workplace health and safety issues. In addition, we promote suppliers to invite professional agencies to conduct health and safety management assessments of factories, including evaluation of current safety situation, current occupational disease hazards, firesafety, etc., to continuously improve the level of occupational health and safety management of factories. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Build a green and sustainable supply chain Strictly manage health and safety in the workplace HONOR does not allow any operating scenes and factors that seriously endanger the life and safety or health of workers, and is committed to effectively improving the working environment of workers. We enhance the health and safety management of our suppliers through empowerment training and regular audits, and help and monitor the effective handling of the relevant audit findings. HONOR upholds the concept of safety and prevention first, promotes suppliers to continuously identify safety hazards in the workplace, and encourages suppliers to achieve safety inaccordance with the control order of elimination, substitution, engineering control, management control, and individual protective equipment. HONOR not only attaches importance to fulfilling its responsibility for environmental protection, but also actively promotes its supplier partners to improve environmental performance and jointly build a green and sustainable supply chain. We invite thirdparty professional agencies to conduct environmental assessments of suppliers to help them prevent pollution, and encourage them to set carbon reduction targets, conduct carbon inventories, save energy, and reduce emissions. HONOR promotes suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements, obtain emission permits and other necessary environmental permits, optimize the process to reduce pollutants, and maintain environmental facilities in good condition, to ensure that pollutants meet the standard emissions. In addition to good control of pollutants in their factories, suppliers need to supervise the environmental status of upstream supply chain factories, especially those involving environmental highrisk processes (such as electroplating, painting, and etching.) to ensure compliance operation.
91 In June 2022, we launched the supply chain carbon inventory project, held the HONOR Supplier Greenhouse Gas Management Forum, communicated HONOR's carbon reduction requirements to suppliers, and invited industry experts to empower and enhance suppliers' carbon emission reduction capability. Currently, the HONOR Carbon Inventory Project covers more than 50 suppliers, and we will continue to promote supply chain carbon emission reduction. Responsible raw material management We insist on promoting sustainable development and responsibly purchasing metal minerals used in our products, such as tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and cobalt. We strictly select and investigate the smelters, and actively share our responsible management experience on minerals with customers and other stakeholders, aiming to promote the whole industrial chain to fulfill corporate social responsibilities. We require suppliers to conduct source tracing and due diligence for the minerals or metal used in their purchased products to ensure that their sources comply with OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict Affected and High Risk Areas or an equivalent and recognized due diligence framework. HONOR has established and continuously improved the supply chain responsible mineral management system and routinely conducts supply chain mineral due diligence, covering 100 of production suppliers, 200 smelters and refineries. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
92 Industrial cooperation fora harmony ecology Winwin cooperation HONOR holds innovation as the core to provide global users with new digital intelligence products, to create the ultimate experience of personalized intelligent life. Based on the MagicOS system, we build an IoT ecosystem that adapts to different life scenarios and redefines the allscene intelligent life of HONOR users with the concept of humancentered. HONOR emphasizes industry ecological construction and promotes the development of digital economy. We make full use of our innovative power to promote the iterative optimization of the industry chain, accelerate the layout of the digital intelligence transformation, expand the depth and breadth of the industry chain together with upstream and downstream industry chain partners, and actively explore the infinite possibilities of industrial cooperation development. While continuously optimizing our own products and services, we also actively cooperate with external partners to break the barriers between industry, academia, and research, and create a futureoriented technology ecology together. We deepen our strategic cooperation with Microsoft to provide users with a fullscene integration experience, jointly define the future application and innovation of technology, products and services in the fields of artificial intelligence and terminal products, so as to bring global users an integrated and seamless experience of the connectivity of everything, achieve multibrand crossdevice interconnection in technology, and create anew era of intelligent Internet of Things. HONOR joined GSMA (Global System for Mobile Communications Association) to empower the industry chain with its communication technology, promote the development and application of new communication technologies together with global partners, and create a more stable 5 G communication experience for users. We have adeep partnership with Qualcomm to unleash the full performance of our 5 G chips. As one of the first companies in the industry to use AI and 5 G communication technology, HONOR has adeep background in chip optimization technology, combining exclusive GPU Turbo X technology with Qualcomm Snapdragon mobile platform for the first time to drive Qualcomm chips with higher efficiency and ensure the endurance of product devices in highperformance operation mode. At the same time, we use Link Turbo technology to achieve dual SIM and dual WLAN quadnetwork collaboration to ensure a stable 5 G communication experience for users in complex network environments. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
93 We have partnered with Qualcomm to bring the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 th generation platform and the latest Qualcomm AI engine to the next generation of HONOR Magic 4 for super photography capabilities, using multilens shooting and multiISP processing with complementary pixels for enhanced image quality. Our innovative algorithms unleash the full power of computational photography in the RAW domain, working through the flexible frame of the HONOR image engine, while combining Qualcomm's ISP multithreaded parallel processing capabilities to enable innovative photographic capabilities that deliver a new photographic experience for users. In 2021, HONOR and Fudan University held a strategic cooperation signing ceremony and signed an agreement to build ajoint universityenterprise laboratory for intelligent terminal software development technology. Both the university and the enterprise promised to give full play to the advantages of their respective fields, jointly build an industryuniversityresearch cooperation platform that supports the expansion of multiple fields through various forms and multilevel exchanges and cooperation, and promote comprehensive cooperation in the cultivation of talents and the transformation of applied basic research into engineering and technology application results. In 2022, HONOR carried out more than 30 industryacademiaresearch cooperation and exchanges to continuously build advanced technology competitiveness. We value the creative talents of each developer. HONOR Developers provides direct support and services for external developers. Developers can submit their selfdeveloped apps to the App Market and Game Center through the platform. HONOR Developers will also provide developers with access to various systems so that they can develop crossdevice functionality for HONOR device users in the future. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Responsible Governance 94 Business ethics, compliance operations, privacy protection, cyber security, and information security are the fundamental of our business. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
HONOR ESG Report (20212022) 95 Established a topdown compliance system covering key business areas and regions. Conduct multidimensional and diverse compliance management training. Established a riskbased compliance mechanism. Responsible Governance Highlights System Training Mechanism
96 Compliance management system construction To achieve efficient compliance management, HONOR has established a topdown compliance management structure covering key business areas and regions, in which To respond to the national compliance requirements and improve work efficiency, HONOR has established a professional digital compliance management mechanism and developed a corresponding compliance management platform (CMP) as a carrier system. The key compliance control measures are embedded in the current processes and business, efficiently achieving online, visualized, and systematic operation of compliance management work, effectively controlling and preventing compliance risks. The Board of Directors is responsible for regularly reviewing and overseeing the company's overall compliance management. The CEO, as authorized by the Board of Directors, is responsible for establishing the Compliance Committee and appointed the Chief Compliance Officer and members of the committee. The CEO regularly reviews the Compliance Committee's report on the work progress. The Compliance Committee appointing as the decision maker and commander, is responsible for formulating compliance management strategy and operating mechanism. The Chief Compliance Officer, acting as the director of the Committee, is responsible for leading the daily management work of the committee and guiding the relevant departments. The compliance management members, consisting of the Departments of Compliance and Legal Affairs, Privacy Protection and Compliance, aswell as the compliance officers of businesses on both local and global levels, jointly support the development and operation of company's compliance system, and fulfill the responsibility of daily compliance management implementation. To guard against any potential risks that might affect company operation, HONOR has established a threeline defense of compliance management system that consists of clearly defined roles and responsibilities, mutual coordination, and joint efforts to ensure compliance with business operations. HONOR Three Line Defense of Compliance Second Line of Defense Establishing and improving compliance management and providing professional support Third Line of Defense Supervision of compliance management First Line of Defense Assuming compliance responsibility in frontline operations Compliance Committee Chief Compliance Officer Compliance COESupervision Compliance Business Committee Business Managers and Business Areas Regional Compliance OfficersHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
97 HONOR Compliance Best Practice Based on all applicable laws and regulations, commitments, and business scenarios involved, HONOR conducts awide range of compliance practices in the areas of trade compliance, business secrets protection, privacy protection, antibribery, financial compliance, competition law, cyber security, labor and employment, etc. We set up a reporting email bcgcomplain hihonor. com for all employees and partners to give feedback. The Ethics Compliance Committee is responsible for dealing with and tracking report progress. The reporters information will be strictly protected. Any employee who retaliates against reporters will be disciplined, and those with severe circumstances will be dismissed. Privacy Protection Privacy is abasic user right and its protection is one of the most essential prerequisites for us to provide products and services. HONOR incorporates privacy protection into every aspect of our product design and service delivery. Driven by prioritizing user experience, the company strictly implements the Company's privacy protection systems and processes to prevent the abuse of users' important information, avoid daily harassment, stop personal data leakage, prevent tracking of daily behavior, and protect personal privacy from being violated. Trade Compliance HONOR strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations of the United Nations, China, the United States, the European Union, etc. We have established a comprehensive trade compliance management system to better fulfill our obligations and responsibilities related to export control. This helps HONOR build a corporate image of integrity and responsibility and a mutually beneficial and trustworthy relationship with partners globally. HONOR integrates trade compliance into its daily operations and sets up management requirements in each business area to best ensure compliance. We support in identifying trade compliance risks at all levels across the Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption HONOR has been promoting its integrity compliance system by holding a zero tolerance attitude towards any commercial bribery and corruption so as to eliminate any forms of corruption and bribery. Based on the anticorruption and antibribery laws of each country, we have formulated and implemented Compliance Regulations on Anti Bribery and Anti Corruption Requirements for Partners. These policy documents clearly define the Company's general principles, management mechanisms, and expense standards in areas such as gift receiving, socializing, and external donations to effectively prevent the Company's commercial bribery behavior. Business Secrets Protection Respecting and protecting the business secrets of others is an important policy at HONOR. To standardize the rules for business secrets protection and discipline employees' behaviors, we have established a compliance management mechanism and formulated and implemented the Regulations on Respecting and Protecting the Business Secrets of Others and Requirements for Compliance with Business Secrets in Personnel Recruitment inaccordance with the national laws and regulations in this regard. Not only that, we conduct compliance reviews regularly on business secrets protection, covering personnel recruitment, sample management, technical cooperation, etc., to ensure our secrets protection regulations can be put into practice. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) company, including company management, procurement, sales, R&D, supply chain and other fields. and to supply chain. To ensure the trade compliance can be strictly implemented, we have established a trade compliance screening system to regularly conduct compliance inspection, formulated an export control assessment mechanism to effectively control compliance risks, and performed compliance training.
98 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Competition Compliance HONOR stands against any exclusions, restriction of competition, restrictions of competition, and unfair competition, and believes that free competition helps us improve efficiency and the ability to innovate and deliver better products and services. We promise to follow the principles of voluntariness, fairness and honesty in business activities. For this purpose, HONOR has formulated the Compliance Regulations on Competition Law which restricts employees from engaging in price control, commercial defamation and other behaviors that undermine market competition. We also provide customized and businessbased compliance training for employees in key positions in an attempt to build a fair, transparent, proactive, and dynamic ecosystem in the industry. Financial Sanctions & Anti Money Laundering Counter Terrorist Financing HONOR complies with all applicable regulations and laws on financial sanctions, antimoney laundering, and antiterrorist financing as well as resolutions of international organizations. We tightly prohibit any violations by the company or employees in this regard. To intercept any risks of financial sanctions and money laundering and ensure compliant transaction, we tightly control partner access and carefully review transaction operations throughout every key aspect of business cooperation. The Administrative Regulations on Financial Compliance is a guiding document directing HONOR to combat financial sanctions, money laundering and terrorist financing. It clarifies the company's zero tolerance attitude in this regard and requires each business unit to take part in identifying related risks and implementing control measures in sales, procurement, finance, and supply chain so as to control any potential risks before, during, and after business cooperation from the dimensions of country region, cooperation subject and capital arrangement. Cyber Security HONOR strictly abides by applicable national and regional laws, regulations, standards, and norms on cyber security. With our complete secure development process, norms and toolchains, HONOR is capable of conducting threat analysis, security design, security coding, and security testing during the entire process to ensure product safety and quality. Not only that, HONOR has also established an endtoend bug management process that follows the principles of comprehensiveness, accuracy and timeliness to proactively collect, handle, fix and disclose bugs to ensure user safety. Labor and Employment HONOR has always been aiming to recruit and cultivate outstanding talents, upholding the inclusive, equal and respectful recruitment principles, and incorporating antidiscrimination, antiharassment and antiforced labor into the HONOR Code of Conduct. We insist on equal pay, protect the rights and interests of female employees, and encourage women to give full play to their expertise and specialties in key positions. For physically disabled employees, we are committed to creating a barrierfree office environment for them and assisting in applying for allowances to best facilitate their lives.
99 Employee Training Compliance Capability Building HONOR attaches importance to the cultivation of professional talents incompliance. In the spirit of legal, honest and ethical business principles, we have conducted employee training and massive campaigns to promote compliance culture. In the year of 20212022, HONOR conducted a comprehensive and multilevel compliance train program for all employees Based on the NEO, HONOR has conducted 119 hours of compliance case studies to help deepen new employees' awareness and sensitivity to compliance and improve their ability to better recognize compliance scenarios in their daily work. HONOR adopts a professional training and assessment system, incorporates mandatory regulatory requirements, business scenarios into its training, and establishes a compliance certification system to ensure the professionalism of the compliance team. Some specialists, such as privacy engineers, are required topass the IAPP certification within 1 year of their appointment. In 2022, all of the compliance practitioners participated in the training and passed the Company's compliance qualification examination, with a coverage rate of 100. The company attaches importance to allmember awareness training. In March 2022, we conducted compliance training and examinations for all employees, delivering lectures of toplevel risk management covering export controls, business secrets, financial compliance, and competition law. Not only that, all business units customized their own training versions based on their business and scenarios, such as marketing compliance and content compliance. We also emphasize the training for management personnel who shoulder the responsibilities as role models at HONOR. In 2022, we conducted 39 sessions of compliance training for the company's senior management team to underline the importance of compliance. New Employee Training Training for Compliance Practitioners Awareness Training for All Employees Management Training Compliance Culture Promotion To improve the allmember awareness of compliance and the riskidentification ability, we persist in conducting compliance publicity on internal platforms, public accounts and other multimedia channels, and carry out a series of compliance knowledge activities to create a compliance learning atmosphere. In 2022, we have carried out 8 compliance publicity through We Chat account, with compliance topics covering privacy, trade, anticommercial bribery, finance, business secrets, competition law, and others. Some key business units also organized compliance themed activities in multiple forms. The R&D department released compliancethemed publicity to employees through HONOR internal column R&D News and set up compliance guidance displayed on employees desktops as reminders and references. HONOR's Product Line Department created a dedicated compliance online platform for employees, with a total of 11 issues of publicity in the second half of the year, topics covering export controls, business secrets, privacy protection and content compliance. Marketing and Sales Service Department conducted a total of 10 promotional campaigns themed on marketing compliance and competition law compliance through multiple channels such as communities and emails, to ensure that employees can easily access and understand them. In the procurement knowledge competition hosted by the Procurement Department in Q 1 2022, a set of compliance quizzes were proposed to strengthen the effectiveness of employee compliance learning. HONOR ESG Report (20212022)
Guided by the concept of sustainability, HONOR has incorporated environmental, social and governance into our DNA. Looking back in year 20212022, we actively assumed responsibilities by facilitating green environment, privacy and security, technology for good, youth empowerment, employee development, supplier CSR and responsible governance. Looking ahead to 2023, HONOR will uphold consumercentric and employeeoriented as its core value and continue to fulfill its commitments to consumers, employees and other stakeholders to create anew world of wisdom for everyone anda better society. By promoting circular economy throughout the entire life cycle of our products, HONOR will maximize the efficiency of resource utilization whilst minimizing the environmental impacts of production and operation activities. HONOR will deliver green products by means of simplifying product packaging, improving product durability, selecting safe chemicals, and optimizing product recycling processes. We will empower green manufacturing through innovative production equipment technology. We will promote green operations by encouraging employees to go green in their daily office work. We will move steadily towards 2045 carbon neutrality target by participating in green initiatives and collaborating with green partners. We will uphold the concept of information accessibility, continuously embrace the power of openness and inclusiveness, and promote the process of information accessibility through product innovation and service optimization. With MagicOS as the new strategic pivot, we will continuously evolve in the three dimensions of interconnection, intelligence and ecology, and construct a peoplecentered, crosssystem, crossdevice, crossecology smart life solution to bring convenient and comprehensive product experience to each user. By further strengthening R&D capabilities and working with industry chain partners, Looking Forward 100 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) HONOR will elevate the quality of products and services in order to contribute to user life and social progress. HONOR will continue to make full use of its resources to empower young people by giving them the freedom and platform to create, exchange, learn, and realize their dreams. We will adhere to the principle of putting employees first anda diverse and inclusive employment policy, providing employees with reasonable compensation and benefits, anda good career development path. We will provide continuous care for employees through vitality, protection, and health, establish a multilevel and comprehensive employee communication mechanism, improve the occupational health and safety management system, and help them realize their personal value. We will work with our partners to strictly follow the labor and environmental standards, live in harmony with all partners, and seek mutual development to build a harmonious industrial chain. We will continuously improve our internal management in order to provide quality and reliable products and services to consumers. We will continuously protect user privacy at every stage of production and operation. Through continuous innovation in privacy protection technology and optimization of internal management, we will provide users with comprehensive privacy protection, making them feel respected and cared for their privacy rights. HONOR will always adhere to the legal, honest and ethical business principles, and strengthen the foundations of business ethics, compliance management, privacy protection, cyber security, and information security, so as to effectively fulfill our social responsibility as a corporate citizen.
101 AppendixHONOR ESG Report (20212022)
About This Report Overview As the first Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report published by HONOR Device Co., Ltd. since it was spun off this report outlines HONOR's goals, actions, achievements and future plans in ESG from 2021 to 2022, and updates all stakeholders on its sustainabilityrelated developments in an effort to improve public understanding of HONOR. Reporting Scope and Boundary Unless otherwise stated this report covers the business scope of HONOR Device Co., Ltd. and all its subsidiaries. Reporting Reference This report is prepared inaccordance with the principles of reliability, transparency and objectivity, and is based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)Reporting Standards (hereinafter GRI Standards ) of the Global Reporting Initiative, the ISO 26000 Social Accountability Standards of the International Standard Organization, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). Appellation Description For ease of reading and presentation, HONOR, company, we, our, or us in this report all refer to HONOR Device Co., Ltd. Obtain and Respond to This Report This report was released in both Chinese and English versions in April 2023. The electronic version of this report can be obtained through the following website https www. hihonor. com global honoresg For printing, we recommend using recofriendly paper and inks. If there is any inconsistency between Chinese version and English version, please refer to Chinese version of this report. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) 102
Awards Award Name Guangdong Intellectual Property Administration Awarding Institution Guangdong Accessibility Association Linked In Lagou Nowcoder China Mobile China Mobile Kantar & Google Ministry of Industry and Information Technology China Telecommunication Technology Labs Linked In Mai Mai Dayee HONOR 60 Pro No. 1 Phone in 5 G Communication Index by Smart Hardware Quality Report (Phase II) 2021 Guangdong Patent Gold Award 2021 Guangdong Excellent Enterprise in Smart Accessibility Innovation Technology and Products Linked In Rising Star 2021 Top Internet Employers in the South China Region The Most Popular Tech Companies for Graduates 2021 Role Model Companies for Recruitment 2022 Top 50 Kantar BrandZ Chinese Global Brand Builders (No. 25) National Intelligent Manufacturing Demonstration Factory HONOR X 30 Max series mobile phone running on Magic UI 5. 0 obtained TLC certification(standards for the elderlyfriendly technology) 2022 Most In Most Attractive Employers Award Annual Outstanding Employer 2021 Top 3 3 C Employers Worth Working forby Mai Mai HONOR Magic 3 Pro Best User Friendly Phone by Smart Hardware Quality Report (Phase II) 2021 Mai MaiHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 103
Contribute to UNSustainable Development Goals SDGs Chapters Our Contributions and Achievements Employee Development Tech For Good Employee Development Harmony Industry Development Tech For Good Youth Empowerment Employee Development Employee Development Environmental Created more jobs by actively expanding domestic and international businesses and opening new stores. Established a comprehensive compensation and performance system and implemented diverse employee incentive measures. Delivered smart wearable devices that help monitor and improve user's physical and mental health. Improved the device accessibility experience and allowed the visually and hearing impaired users as well as the elderly users to better embrace the digital world. Provided employees with a wide range of cultural and sports activities and welfare care, to ensure their health and safety in the workplace. Launched HONOR Academy to provide diverse and customized career training for all employees. Hosted series of competitions such as HONOR Talents to empower the growth of youth. Adhere to equal and diversified employment policies. Care for female employees and protect the legal rights and interests of female employment. Advocated green operations and water conservation. Environmental Employee Development Promised touse 100 renewable energy by 2045 and to actively explore opportunities for clean energy applications. Improved overall energy efficiency in office, manufacturing, and transportation. Provided diverse internship opportunities for outstanding young people in various fields. Formulated and released a supplier code of conduct in order to create a responsible supply chain. HONOR ESG Report (20212022) 104
Environmental Privacy and Security Tech For Good Youth Empowerment Harmony Industry Development Tech For Good Employee Development Responsible Governance Environmental Harmony Industry Development Environmental Employee Development Environmental Harmony Industry Development Privacy and Security Employee Development Harmony Industry Development Responsible Governance Privacy and Security Tech For Good Youth Empowerment Harmony Industry Development Responsible Governance Delivered MagicOS that brought a fullscene and smart life experience to users; Drove collaborative development of the industry chain through product innovation. Setup an accessibility task force and introduced a variety of accessibility and elderlyfriendly features. Established a sound employee complaint handling procedure to create an equal and inclusive workplace environment. Promoted lowcarbon transportation by choosing new energy vehicles to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; Chose ecofriendly buildings as office locations. Adopted green product concepts and eliminated harmful substances from products; Advocated lightweight and small packaging to reduce unnecessary waste; HONOR intelligent manufacturing factory adopted advanced automation technology and equipment to achieve efficient and green production. Promised to achieve carbon neutrality by 2045 through four pillars; Established a green supply chain and conducted greenhouse gas inventory training to empower suppliers. Established a privacy protection system to safeguard data for users and partners; Established a complete compliance system to ensure that the company complies with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions in which it operates. Actively carried out industryuniversityresearch collaboration to promote technology innovation; Empowered young designers in collaboration with multiple institutions; Joined a variety of sustainability associations and initiatives and worked with partners to promote fair cooperation. SDGs ChaptersHONOR ESG Report (20212022) Our Contributions and Achievements 105
Data and Index Data on Key Performance Indicators Average Training Hours per Employee Number of employee activity associations Annual employee participation in cultural and physical activities Number of internal auditors of occupational health and safety Number of participants in EHS training Coverage of EHS Awareness Training 24. 2 28 30 15000 160 800 100 2021 2022 Male employees Female employees 30 and below 3150 50 and above 74. 70 25. 30 46. 91 52. 87 0. 22 Number of employees by gender Number of employees by age group PercentageHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 106
GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 107
GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 108
GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 109
GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (20212022) 110
Report Metrics Index GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this report GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practices Organizational details About this report GRI 21 GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practices Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting About this report GRI 22 GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practices Reporting period, frequency and contact point About this report GRI 23 GRI 2 Activities and workers Activities, value chain and other business relationships About HONOR GRI 26 GRI 2 Activities and workers Employees Data and metrics GRI 27 GRI 2 Activities and workers Workers who are not employees Data and metrics GRI 28 GRI 2 Governance Governance structure and composition ESG Governance GRI 29 GRI 2 Governance Nomination and selection of the highest governance body GRI 210 GRI 2 Governance Chair of the highest governance body ESG Governance GRI 211 GRI 2 Governance Annual total compensation ratio GRI 221 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Statement on sustainable development strategy ESG Governance GRI 222 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Compliance with laws and regulations HONOR compliance practice GRI 227 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Membership associations Green partners GRI 228 GRI 2 Stakeholder engagement Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder communication GRI 229 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics Process to determine material topics ESG Governance GRI 31 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics List of material topics ESG Governance GRI 32 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics Management of material topics ESG Governance GRI 33 GRI 201 Economic Performance Direct economic value generated and distributed GRI 2011 GRI 205 Anticorruption Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Antibribery and corruption GRI 2051 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Care for our people, improve their happiness GRI 2014 GRI 2053 GRI 2052 Antibribery and corruption Antibribery and corruption Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Financial assistance received from governmentGRI 2012 GRI 2013 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures 111
GRI 206 Anticompetitive Behavior Legal actions for anticompetitive behavior, antitrust, and monopoly practices Compliance to competition GRI 2061 GRI 301 Materials Materials used by weight or volume Recycled input materials used Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Greener packaging Data and Metrics Greener packaging Green operation Data and Metrics Greener packaging Green operation Responsible collect and disposalGRI 3011 GRI 3012 GRI 3013 GRI Standard GRI 302 Energy GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018 Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Energy consumption within the organization Energy consumption outside of the organization Energy intensity Data and metrics Data and metricsGRI 3021 GRI 3022 GRI 3023 Reduction of energy consumption Reductions in energy requirements of products and services Interactions with water as a shared resource Green manfacturing Green operation Greener packaging More durable productGRI 3024 GRI 3025 GRI 3031 Management of water dischargerelated impacts Water withdrawalGRI 3032 GRI 3033 Water discharge GRI 3034 Water consumption GRI 3035 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this report Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics 112
GRI 305 Emissions GRI 306 Waste Green operation Data and metrics Greener packaging Green logistics Data and metrics Greener packaging Green logictics Green operation Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metrics Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metrics Green operation Data and metrics Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions GRI 3051 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions GRI 3052 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions GHG emissions intensity Waste generation and significant wasterelated impacts Management of significant wasterelated impacts Waste generated Waste diverted from disposal Reduction of GHG emissions Emissions of ozonedepleting substances (ODS) Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions Data and metrics Data and metrics Data and metricsGRI 3053 GRI 3054 GRI 3056 GRI 3061 GRI 3062 GRI 3063 GRI 3064 GRI 3057 GRI 3055 HONOR ESG Report (20212022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard 113
Waste directed to disposal GRI 3065 GRI 306 Waste GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 401 Employment GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 406 Nondiscrimination GRI 408 Child Labor New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken New employee hires and employee turnover Benefits provided to fulltime employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees Parental leave Supplier Assessment Supplier Assessment Diversified and fair development opportunities Employee caring Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metrics GRI 3081 GRI 3082 GRI 4011 GRI 4012 GRI 4013 GRI 4031 GRI 4032 GRI 4033 GRI 4043 GRI 4051 GRI 4061 GRI 4081 Diversity of governance bodies and employees ncidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Supplier Assessment Diversified and fair development opportunities Employee communication Diversified and fair development opportunities Average hours of training per year per employee Employee training Occupational health and safety management system Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Occupational health servicesHONOR ESG Report (20212022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard GRI 40310 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safetyGRI 4034 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management systemGRI 4035 Worker training on occupational health and safety GRI 4036 GRI 4037 GRI 4038 GRI 4039 Promotion of worker health Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships Workrelated injuries Workrelated ill health Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Employee caring Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsGRI 4041 GRI 4042 Employee training GRI 4052 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 114
GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 418 Customer PrivacyGRI 4091 GRI 4141 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories Safer chemical material Tech for healthier life Tech for healthier life Our practice Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer dataGRI 4142 GRI 4161 GRI 4162 GRI 4181 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor Supplier assessment Supplier assessment Supplier assessmentHONOR ESG Report (20212022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard 115
Honor Device Co., Ltd.
