

Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening About this Report Executive Statement Corporate Profile Milestones of Sustainability Annual Awards and Recognition Annual Performance Review 06 07 08 10 12 14 18 19 21 24 2956 62 68 72 77 79 85 86 8996 108 110 112 123 32 44 Philosophy of Sustainable Development Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics ESG Management System ESG Risk Identification and Management Climate Change Strategies Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Green Finance for Sustainable Development Focusing on Rural Revitalization, Boosting Common Prosperity Feature on Responsibility Annual Key Performance Statement of the Board of Directors Independent Third Party Assurance Report Indicator Indexes Feedback Appendix Transparent Corporate Governance Responsible Investing Sustainable Insurance Product Liability and Customer Protection Information Security and AI Governance Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Sustainable Supply Chains Green Operation Community Impact Sustainable Business and OperationsCONTENTSPing An 2021 Sustainability Report 01 04 0302 05

Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 6 7 About this Report Executive Statement Scope of the Report Reporting scope The Report is mainly about Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, and covers its subsidiaries. Reporting period From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Reporting cycle The Report is released annually. Compilation Principles of the Report The Report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, aswell as the latest version of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) sustainability accounting standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance and Asset Management & Custody Activities. Data of the Report The financial data in the report was extracted from Ping An 2021 Annual Report. Other data came from the internal systems of the Group or manual collection. Unless otherwise specified, the currency in the Report is RMB. Assurance of the Report The contents and data disclosed in the Report were approved by the Board of the Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants (LLP) has carried out an independent thirdparty assurance on the Report inaccordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information ( ISAE 3000 ). Release Form of the Report The Reports in Chinese and English are released both in hardcopy and online. The online version can be accessed at www. group. pingan. com (Ping An Official Website), or www. sse. com. cn (Shanghai Stock Exchange Website) and www. hkenews. hk (Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited Website). Contact Us Address 47 F, Ping An IFC, No. 5033, Futian District, Shenzhen, P. R. China Postcode 518033 Phone (86) 95511 Email Pub CSR pingan. com. cn An ordinary day at Ping An goes like this. In every 1, 000 Chinese, there is 1 Ping An employee. In every 7 Chinese, there is 1 Ping An client. Ping An contributes RMB 280 million to tax revenue, processes insurance claims totaling RMB 560 million, and delivers services nearly 2. 52 million times daily. In a race against time, Ping An spent just 33 years walking through the nearly 200 year history of the Western insurance market. Staying true to Ping An's original mission, we will never forget why we started this journey no matter how far we go. Standing at the intersection of twocentenary goals, Ping An is on the way into the new era by taking action on giving back to society, centering on people's needs, and pursuing heartwarming development for national prosperity and people's happiness. Ping An's heartwarming services convey the idea that expertise makes life simple and technology makes city better. Ping An constantly updates our philosophy of serving clients by taking thorough consideration for insurance claims, and unconventionally launched the model of Product Services for clients. Aiming to develop heartwarming insurance, we provide services on health care, chronic disease, critical illness and pension management, etc. Targeting the goal of improvement in administrative efficiency, business promotion, and benefaction to citizens, we leverage technology to empower the smart city construction covering 20 sectors, such as public administration, healthcare, and transportation to enhance the sense of happiness and achievement in citizens. Ping An's heartwarming services have shown responsibility in supporting the Healthy China Initiative and elderlyoriented society building. Ping An strived in building a closedloop healthcare ecosystem through five aspects institution, clientr, service provider, payer, and technology. As China steps into an aging society, Ping An will take advantage of Fin Tech and healthcare ecosystem to develop services for the senior health and wellness industry, helping the elderly age live with dignity, and encouraging more household elderly services. Ping An's heartwarming services have presented its ambition in practicing CSR and sustainable development. Ping An has responded to the national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals of 2030 and 2060, and has started new exploration in greening the insurance, investment, credit, operation, and charity action. Ping An announced its commitment to allocate RMB 400 billion into green investment and loan aswell as reaching an insured premium of RMB 250 billion in green insurance, striving towards an early completion of its carbon neutrality goals, contributing to a better world. Focusing on Integrated finance and Healthcare, Ping An in 2022 will continue to build upon the strategy of finance technology and finance ecosystem and pave the way to becoming a worldleading integrated financial and healthcare services provider. Mingzhe MA Chairman of the Group (Excerpt from Striving for a New Journey in the Prime of Ping An published in People's Daily on May 25, 2021)
Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 8 9 As of December 31, 2021 356, 000 employees and life insurance sales staff 10, 142, 026 Ping An had nearly RMB million Total assets of approximately Corporate Profile Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. ( Ping An, the Group or we ) was established in Shekou, Shenzhen in 1988. The Group was the first insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure in China. It has developed into one of the three major financial groups in China. The Group's shares are listed in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (Stock Code 2318) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code 601318). Ping An owns the most comprehensive range of financial licenses and the widest range of products and services with the most compacted shareholding structure among retail financial life services groups in China. The subsidiaries of Ping An include Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Health, Ping An Bank, Ping An Trust, Ping An Securities, Ping An Fund, and so on. Covering the entire financial services spectrum, Ping An has become one of the few financial groups in China that can provide clients with a full range of financial products and services, including insurance, banking, and investment. In addition, Ping An also actively undertakes technological innovation, builds an Internet ecosystem, to promote better financial service, improve user experience, and provide medical and healthcare services. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An had nearly 356, 000 employees and RMB 10, 142, 026 million in total assets. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 8 9
Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 10 11 Milestones of Sustainability Established in Shenzhen, Ping An became the first insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure in China. 1988 Ping An setup a CSR management team under the Branding & Communications Department and released its first Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) report. 2009 Ping An launched Low Carbon 100 Initiative entitled a green commitments campaign and established the employee volunteer association. 2010 Ping An established Ping An Charitable Trust Initiative for Education Development. 2016 Ping An Educational Charity Council was founded. 2017 Ping An launched the Rural Communities Support Program Building the closed loop with finance technology offering integrated financial assistance. 2018 Ping An Group set up an ESG office and built a formal ESG governance structure under the Board of Directors. 201920202021 Ping An funded the first Primary School under Project Hope and started its journey of corporate social responsibility practices. 1994 Ping An established Ping An Inspirational Plan for China targeted at college students. targeted at college students. 2003 Ping An was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong under the stock code 2318. It completed its corporate citizenship behavior modelling and first released its Corporate Citizenship Report. 2004 Ping An established Ping An Charity Fund and donated RMB 10 million to China Youth Development Foundation. 2006 Ping An first announced its Green Finance Goal and 2030 Operational Carbon Neutrality Plan. Ping An was first rated A from MSCI and Afrom CDP. Ping An became the first asset owner signatory of Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in China. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 10 11
Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 12 13 Annual Awards and Recognition In 2021, the brand value of Ping An continues to take the lead. It was recognized and well received by domestic and foreign rating agencies and media in terms of comprehensive strength, corporate governance, and corporate social responsibility, and won multiple awards. Corporate strength Fortune 16 thon the Fortune Global 500 and 2 nd among global financial companies Forbes 6 thon the Forbes Global 2000 list Millward Brown & WPP 49 thon the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands and 1 st among global banks and insurance companies 6 thon the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Chinese Brands ESG ratings Sustainability Awards No. Organizer(s) Award(s) 1 Ministry of Civil Affairs of China The 11 th China Charity Award 2 Provincial Committee of CPC Committee and the People's Government of Guangdong Advanced Group for Poverty Alleviation in Guangdong Province 3 Association of Charity Beijing Capital Charity Award 4 China Banking and Insurance News Top 10 Socially Responsible Institutes in the Year of 2020 5 CDP China The Best Climate Change Innovation Award 6 The Hong Kong Institute of Directors 2021 Extraordinary Directors Award MA Mingzhe, Chairman of the Board Extraordinary Director Award in individual category Ping An Group Board of Directors Extraordinary Directors inboard category 7 The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies Hong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Award 8 The Asset Insurance Company of the Year, ESG, China 9 Institutional Investor The Most Honored Company in Asia MSCI ESG Rating BBBleading performer among insurance companies in China Mainland Sustainalystics 19. 1 ESG risk rated 19. 1, representing low risk CDP Rating Athe highest level fora financial company in China Mainland S&P Sustainable Development Listed in the Global Sustainability Yearbook 2021 FTSE 4 Good Index Series Listed Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability IndexAElected as the constituent of the HSCEI ESG Index and Hang Seng ESG 50 Index
Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 14 15 Annual Performance Review Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization 41. 85 in RMB billion Number of volunteers from Ping An Employees and Agents 555 Thousand Number of Micro and Small Customers under One Connect Financial Services 2, 480 Thousand Number of Citizens served by Smart City Business 140 in RMB million Average score of supplier assessment (100 point scale) 71. 68 Points Number of Customers under Inclusive Financial Services 809. 1 Thousand Number of Companies served by Smart City Business 1. 74 Household in million Inclusive Finance Loan Balance 382. 16 in RMB billion Green Credit Balance 72. 97 in RMB billion Responsible Investment and Financing 1. 22 in RMB trillion Sustainable Insurance Sum Insured 532. 06 in RMB trillion Sustainable Insurance Premium 521. 79 in RMB billion Social Sustainable Insurance Responsible Investment Total assets 10, 142, 026 in RMB million Total income 1, 180, 444 in RMB million Operating profit 168, 479 in RMB million Coverage rate of anticorruption education 100 Number of anticorruption trainings 3, 445 Times Coverage rate of information security training 100 Cumulative number of patent applications 38 Thousand Annual electricity consumption 616, 843, 295 KWh Annual water consumption 5, 088, 733 Tons Total GHG emissions 428, 994. 85 tCO 2 e Total solid waste 210, 773 Tons Total number of employees 356 Thousand Total number of agents 613 Thousand Average hours of facetoface and online training per employee 28. 54 Hours Total employee compensation 61, 209 in RMB million Total corporate annuity payments for the year 1 in RMB billion Number of Employees benefited from Longterm Service Plan 89, 304 persons Employee Environmental Operating

18 19 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Philosophy of Sustainable Development Driven by sustainable development strategies, Ping An integrates ESG core concepts and standards into enterprise management in all respects, and builds a scientific and professional sustainable development management system that aligns with business practices. Ping An is committed to building heartwarming finance and striving to promote Integrated Finance Healthcare services, practice the brand promise of Expertise Makes Life Simple, and create value for shareholders, customers, employees, community and environment, and business partners, constantly seeking both business value and social value and helping people achieve better lives. Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics Stakeholders Management Governments and regulators, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, communities, and environment are Ping An'skey stakeholders. Ping An attaches importance to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. Ping An contacts and responds regularly to the stakeholder through various established channels. Digitalization is a crucial foundation in promoting social progress and enhancing productivity in the 21 st century, enabling leapforward progress in terms of human cognitive level and capability. Ping An actively creates bedrock for sustainable development with its digital technology capabilities. Comprehensive digital strategy and operationis one of the most important projects of Ping An in its fourth 10 year strategy. Ping An will leverage the capabilities of digitalization in strategy, structure, management, operation, talent, and service to stimulate systematic changes in sustainable development practices. In terms of environment Ping An leverages advanced technologies to empower environmental protection and governance, guiding the formation of an environmentfriendly business ecosystem. In terms of society Ping An adheres to the concept of responsible investment, and has fully upgraded its green financial action. With its integrated financial advantages, Ping An makes full use of its role in green insurance, green investment, and green credit, fully supports green development, and contributes to the achievement of the national carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals. In terms of Economy Ping An actively responds to the national call, and serve the real economy with financial services. Ping An continues to empower the development of small and mediumsized enterprises and contribute to social and economic development. In terms of governance Ping An constantly improves corporate governance and risk management to ensure sound operations. Expertise Makes Life Simple Enviroment Economy governance Society Sustainable Development Model Suppliers Focused Topics Stakeholders Communication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environment Risk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Worklife balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operation Customer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovation Response to regulator's requirements Reception for regulator's visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interaction Telephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and We Chat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform
20 21 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixESG Management System ESG Policy Statements Ping An concluded its philosophy and approaches on sustainability over the years into its ESG policy statement system, covering 9 sustainable development core themes, and incorporated ESG requirements into operation management of the group, assuring relevant guidance is in place. By 2021, the ESG policy statements issued by Ping An are as follows (refer to Ping An Group Sustainable Development website for more details) Topics Ping An Group's ESG Policy Statements Responsible Investment Policy Statement on Responsible Investment Policy Statement on Coal Related Business Sustainable Insurance Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance Information Security and AI Governance Policy Statement on Information Security Policy Statement on Privacy Protection Policy Statement on AI Ethics Governance Product Liability and Customer Protection Policy Statement on Responsible Product Management Sustainable Supply Chain Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains Development and Security of Employee and Agent Policy Statement uni 00 A 0 on Employee Rights Policy Statement uni 00 A 0 on Agent Welfare and Management Community and Environment Influence Policy Statement uni 00 A 0 on Biodiversity Policy Statement on Community Impact Corporate Governance Business Code of Conduct Employee Business Code of Conduct Suppliers Focused Topics Stakeholders Communication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environment Risk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Worklife balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operation Customer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovation Response to regulator's requirements Reception for regulator's visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interaction Telephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and We Chat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform Suppliers Focused Topics Stakeholders Communication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environment Risk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Worklife balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operation Customer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovation Response to regulator's requirements Reception for regulator's visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interaction Telephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and We Chat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform Identification of Core Topics Since 2019, Ping An has conducted material topics analysis based on international and domestic standards, macro policies, industrial practices, and business diversification. Nine core topics were ultimately identified. Ping An continued to improve the identification and materiality analysis process of ESG topics to ensure accurate and comprehensive disclosure of material ESG topics and strengthen the management and implementation of these topics in daily operations. Covering nine priority core topics, Ping An has fully integrated ESG core theories and standards into corporate management, and has divided core sustainable development topics into three major sections internal governance, sustainable business integration, and community and environment. The nine core topics are Business Code, Responsible Investment, Sustainable Insurance, Information Security, Privacy Protection and AI Governance, Responsible Products, Sustainable Supply Chain, Rights and Benefits of Employees and Agents, Green Operation, and Community Impact.
22 23 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Ping An's overall ESG work plan is aimed at continuously improving the management of ESG issues and risks by developing clear management objectives, responsibilities and appraisal mechanisms. Regular reporting to directors and senior executives on ESG risk management, objectives, plans, implementation and progress ensures the effectiveness of ESG management. ESG Ecosystem Cobuilding and Recognitions Ping Anis dedicated to strengthening peer exchange and practicing sustainable development strategies together with domestic and global sustainable development initiatives to jointly build a sustainable ecosystem. Following the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UNPRI) and relevant guidance from domestic regulators, Ping An became the first asset owner signatory from China that joined UNPRI, Climate Action 100, and Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative. Ping An was the first company in mainland China to sign up for the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI). It also serves as a council member of Green Finance Professional Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking (GFC). In July 2021, Ping An joined the Carbon Neutral Action Alliance, an initiative of the Shanghai Environmental and Energy Exchange, effectively supporting the development of clean technologies, clean energy, carbon capture, ecological carbon sinks, and carbon trading. Furthermore, through the dual engines of Finance Technology, Ping An enhances the intelligent application of ESG in diverse financial scenarios, and enables finance to empower environmental and social development through technology. Ping An launched the Xinhua CNESG Evaluation System jointly with China Economic Information Service. Ping An's practices and achievements in sustainable development have been widely recognized by the international community. As of the end of 2021, in terms of indexes, Ping An was included as a constituent stock by the FTSE Russell Sustainability Index (FTSE 4 Good), the Hang Seng Sustainability Index Corporate Benchmark Index, and the Hang Seng China Index ESG Index. In 2021, Ping An was rated as lowrisk in Sustainalystics s ESG risk rating, indicating a leading position in China. Its MSCI ESG rating is BBB, which is at the leading level in the domestic insurance industry. Ping An was rated Ain the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which is the highest rating obtained by a Chinese mainlandbased financial company. Organizational Structure and Management Ping An integrated Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) into its development strategies. Ping An coordinates all departments and subsidiaries to strengthen corporate governance and sustainable business more systematically by incorporating ESG into corporate development strategies and building and practicing a scientific, professional sustainable development management system and a clear, transparent ESG governance structure. Level 1 The Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board of Directors oversees all ESG issues. In Charge of the Group's ESG strategic planning, risk management, and policy making. Level 2 The Investor Relations and ESG Committee under the Group Executive Committee is responsible for identifying relevant ESG risks and opportunities, setting concrete objectives, formulating plans, and appraising performance. Level 3 The Group ESG Office and other functional departments of the Group(L 3) act as the taskforce responsible for coordination of ESG issues in and outside the Group. Level 4 The matrix consisting of the Group's functional units and subsidiaries are responsible for ESG implementation. ESG Governance Structure of Ping An Group Board of Dir ectors Group Executive Committee L 4 L 3 L 2 L 1 Group ESG O ce Investor Relations Committee Strategy and Investment Committee ESG Taskforece (CSR IR PR Group Functional Representatives) Group Functional Units Insur ance Investment Banking Technology Ping An Group Execution Matrix Execution Matrix Branding &PRBoard O ceHR Finance Planning Asset Management Inernal Cont rolothers Procurement Member CompaniesESG Oversight Strategic Planning Risk Management Policy Making Identi cation of ESG Risks and Opportunities Planning Goal Setting Performance Assessment Execution Coordinating ESG work within and outside the GroupFTSE 4 Good Index Rating Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating Low Risk HSCASUSB HSCEIESG and HSESG 50 MSCI ESG Rating BBBCDP APing An was selected as the constituent of indexes as above. Ping An performed well at the ratings above
24 25 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix ESG Comprehensive Risk Management Mechanism The Board of Directors is the highest decisionmaking authority for the Group's risk management, and takes responsibility for the effectiveness of corporate risk management. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors has a thorough understanding of major risks and the Group's management of these risks, monitors the effectiveness of the risk management framework, and reviews matters with material risks to provide comments and recommendations to the Board of Directors. Ping An has made an attempt in the ESG risk integration, incorporating the ESG theories with the Group's 251 risk management system at the deepest level. The ESG risk control requirements are covered in the existing comprehensive financial risk management system, further improving the Group's risk governance capability and contributing to its sustainable development. ESG Risk Identification and Management Ping An 251 Risk Management System 1 The original five major risk categories are the risks in asset quality, liquidity, information security, compliance and brand reputation. 2 ESG Organization and Mamagement Dual Control of the Group and member companies The Group Member companies 5 Five Major Risk Categories Integrated with ESG Risks Risks in asset quality Risks in liquidity Risks in information security Risks incompliance Risks in brand reputation 1 Centralized ESG Collaborative Control The ESG management system The AIESG management platform 2 5 1 Dual ESG Management of the Group and Subsidiaries At the Group level, a group ESG office has been established. To achieve comprehensive coordination and supervision of ESG issues, the ESG responsibilities of each management level in the Group have been clarified. At the subsidiary level, a matrix of ESG implementation practices has been identified. Ping An has integrated ESG risks with the Group's investment risk management system and the management of all investment business units, combining risk judgment, product design, statistics, and reporting with the Group's asset portfolio. Integration of ESG Risk and the Original Five Key Risk Categories 1 In the process of integrating ESG with the original five major risks, Ping An first identified ESG risks one by one under the original risk categories. On this basis, Ping An has launched a series topdown actions at the Group level to supplement and strengthen the control of ESG risks. Establishment of a Unified ESG Management System and Tools To standardize the risk management of the Group's ESG assets, Ping An has established an internal unified ESG assessment standard CNESG Assessment System. By making use of AIESG platform, Ping An received the support from intelligent tools and data for the integrated application of ESG risk control, model construction, and portfolio management.
26 27 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Asset Quality Risks Risk Management For Full Process Classi cation Assets Debt Equity Credit PE M&AEstablish a responsible investment strategy and allocate assets accordingly De neve major responsible investment principle Develop a responsible investment manual for professional subsidiarie Conduct analysis nad management of climate change risk and release TCFD report Preinvestment loan risk contro Ongoing testing of postinvestment loan management Regular statistics and disclosure Identified ESG Risk Categories Ping An closely follows new types of risks in climate change, social change, and policy transformation, and systematically identifies ESG risks. Ping An has effectively controlled and mitigated the impact of ESG risks on the business by formulating ESG risk management measures to effectively control and avoid risks. At present, among the Risk Factors identified by Ping An, the main social risks are social demographic change, aging population, high rate diseases, urbanization, etc. Climate change risks mainly include climate disasters, climate change, emerging lowcarbon technologies, raising environmental (carbon emissions) standard, carbon emission policies (carbon taxes, carbon trading, etc.), regulatory mandatory information disclosure requirements, etc. Ping An conducts continuous management monitoring of identified important ESG risks and the 251 risk management system. Business ESG Risk Management System Investment Risk Management Mechanism Ping An gradually integrates ESG risk with the group's investment risk management system, and makes a secondary subdivision of risk categories from the two major categories - climate change and social risk. In addition, Ping An sets corresponding risk standards, and conducts risk judgment in combination with Ping An's asset portfolios. The Group ESG office, along with relevant functional departments, jointly established a responsible investment expert group, aiming to promote the Group's responsible investment policy. Based on the asset attributes and investment process of the subsidiary, Ping An has developed its responsible investment manuals. Ping An's equity, bond, credit and project assets are subject toa full process - advance, intermediate and afterwards - risk control tailored to their respective characteristics. (refer to Policy Statement on Responsible Investment of Ping An Group for more details). Flow Chart of the Risk Management Mechanism in the Advance, Intermediate and Subsequent Process Ping An's 251 Risk Management System and Climate Change Risks Risk Asset Quality Risk Relevant Climatic Factor Possible Scenario Physical risks (decrease in productivity of relevant industries and increase in premium expenditure due to changes in weather and climate conditions) Transition risks (technological innovation rules out the original technologies, and the introduction of carbon prices increases the production costs) Physical risks (extreme weather events) Transition risks (market preference for carbonintensive assets declines, and policy control is tightened) Corporate revenue is a ected, and there is a problem or even a default in loan repayment Liquidity Risk The market sells carbonintensive assets in large quantities, and the amount of compensation for extreme weather events increases Physical risks (extreme weather events) Transition risks (tightened policy control) Transition risks (tightened policy control and market investors' preference) Information Security Risk Compliance Operational Risk Brand Reputation Risk Extreme weather events a ect production activities and data infrastructure Client's environmental compliance risk and joint and several liability Corporate image and social responsibility
28 29 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Insurance Risk Management Mechanism Ping An continuously studies and monitors the risks of global climate changes (rising temperature, extreme climate disasters, etc.) and those of social changes (social demographic change, population aging, high rate diseases, etc.). Ping An integrates technological innovation into risk control, uses innovative technology to establish a risk management system, and comprehensively manages the risks caused by ESG issues. It manages insurance risks via corresponding mechanisms and procedures, and controls ESG risks of insurance products. Ping An has established and implemented ESG insurance risk control measures and procedures targeted at product development, insurance underwriting and claims, product management, reserve assessment, and reinsurance administration. In addition, Ping An has adopted special measures to control ESG risks of insurance products. Climate Change Strategies Climate Risk Governance Ping An attaches great importance to climaterelated opportunities and risk. It has also built up a comprehensive governance mechanism to manage climaterelated affairs at the levels of the board of directors, committees, subsidiaries and functional units, along with explicit goals and responsibilities. It has built a sound and efficient working mechanism for climate change (refer to ESG Management System Section for more details). Through the analysis of climaterelated risks and opportunities, Ping An constantly navigates its business development strategies and resource allocation under the strategies of sustainable insurance (refer to Sustainable Insurance Section for more details), responsible investment (refer to Responsible Investment Section for more details), green finance, and nearzero emission (refer to Green Finance Section for more details) to cope with various risks emerging from climate change. It seizes opportunities of lowcarbon development and transition to realize its own green development, promote the transition towards a lowcarbon economy and society, and contribute to the national emission peak and carbon neutrality goals. Climate Risk Identification and Management Ping An integrates climate change into its 251 risk management system, and identifies the materiality of climaterelated physical and transition risks in its business lines on different time scales. Furthermore, Ping An matched the financial risks with climate change to the five categories of risks covered by the Group's 251 risk management system (refer to the ESG Risk Identification and Management for more details). Climate Strategic Goals In combination with the existing strategies of sustainable development, responsible investment, and green finance strategy, Ping An will improve a nearzero emission strategy. Based on the inventory of asset carbon footprints, Ping An proposes its appropriate carbon neutrality goals, including a roadmap of goals and actions for carbon neutrality in its own operations and asset portfolios in accordance with the policy requirements and unified deployment of financial regulators and relevant national industry authorities, in line with the actual conditions of different industries (refer to Green Finance Section for more details). Flow chart of risk management and control mechanism for the whole process of insurance Product development Risk prevention, underwriting, and claims 1 2 Product management 3 Reinsurance 4 Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance conducts ESG risk review for new insurance products and sets reasonable prices to control insurance risks. In terms of pollution prevention, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance o ers liability insurance on ecological damage and progressive pollution, in addition to the rstever environmental liability insurance in China. It joined hands with organizations such as Tsinghua University to develop cloud service platforms focusing on environmental liability insurance and risk control. Its functions include environment pollution sensitivity mapping, professional information, risk control toolkit, and risk assessment models across 18 sectors. It can oer risk management of the whole process to clients, reinforce the risk monitoring and early warning management, and improve environmental risk governance. For relevant insurance products with directly or indirectly identi ed ESG risks, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance will strengthen product management, monitor, analyze, regularly review and report the current insurance risk pro le in a timely manner. For innovative products without empirical data, it also actively follows the trend to prevents excessive risk exposure, and communicates with its peer, particularly reinsurance companies, to obtain more analytical data. Reinsurance is an important means for risk control of the Company and a signi cant part of the business strategy, playing an irreplaceable role in risk transfer, steady operation, technology improvement, and underwriting capacity expansion. It facilitates steady operation and sustainability of the Company. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance has developed a reinsurance management system and made reasonable arrangements for catastrophe reinsurance, ensuring smooth performance of reinsurance functions. It transfers and controls ESG risks by means of reinsurance contracts.(refer to 2020 Climate Risk Management Report for more details)

32 33 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Finance for Sustainable Development The world has witnessed the increasingly urgent situation of climate change. China has officially announced to peak CO 2 emissions before 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality before 2060. To echo the national strategies and to achieve emission peak and carbon neutrality goals, Ping An has fully upgraded its action in green finance. Green Finance Goals In 2021, Ping An fully upgraded its action in green finance, announced its fiveyear business goals, and committed to achieving carbon neutrality in operation by 2030 400 Strive to achieve green investment green credit the overall targets of 250 in RMB billion in RMB billion The total amount of green premium carbon neutrality Strives to achieve 2030 2025 in operations Management To achieve the newest green finance strategy and goals, Ping An Group has established the Group Green Finance Committee to develop and review the green finance strategies, plans, and policies. The Group Green Finance Office is established under the Group Green Finance Committee, while each subsidiary establishes its own Green Finance Office in charge of subsidiaryspecific operations. Ping An has established a sound and efficient working mechanism and conducted regular review, communication, and commendations on the implementation of the green finance strategy via its monthly reports and communication, quarterly reviews, biannual meetings, annual appraisal, etc., to ensure the smooth procedure for all specific work related to green loans, green insurance, green investment and assetliability management. Paths Green Investment ( Green Investment and Financing ) Ping An will increase investment in green assets and encourage innovation in the forms and fields of green financial products (e. g. carbon finance, etc.). At the same time, Ping An will closely follow relevant laws, regulations, and guiding opinions on carbon neutrality from the national government and regulators under the 14 th Five Year Plan, put forward detailed risk analysis and investment plans for industries with high pollution and high carbon emissions, and develop divestment or exit plans as soon as possible. Green Loans ( Green Banking ) Ping An will gradually reduce loan financing to industries and enterprises of high pollution, high energy consumption, and overcapacity, strengthen the loan review, and reduce the loan size for emissionregulated enterprises. It will increase financing support for green enterprises and green projects by opening fasttrack channels and accelerating loan disbursement process, and will provide preferential financial offers in the form of loan interest rate subsidies (subject to local preferential policies). Green Insurance Ping An will further diversify its insurance products and services. It will introduce corresponding preferential policies to green enterprises or green projects. Life insurance, pension, and health insurance subsidiaries should also be actively developed and green personal insurance products or services for corporate or individual clients be promoted.
34 35 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Asset Liability Management with Reference to Climaterelated Risks Under the coordination of Group, the asset risk management and actuarial departments of all units will conduct climate risk testing and take management measures on asset and liability. They will assess the impact of climate change risks on asset while considering the impact of insurance products affected by climate risks on liability, and ensure that assets and liabilities match each other in terms of maturity, revenue, cost, etc., to improve macrolevel planning for future asset allocation. Achievements As of the end of December 2021, Refer to the Responsible Insurance section for more details. 224. 58 in RMB billion Ping An's green investment and financing totalled 89. 81 in RMB billion The total scale of green banking reached 44. 57 in RMB million Ping An's environmental insurance premium reached Integrated financial service empowering construction of Crane Beach Hydropower Station As a major program of Westto East Power Transmission Project, the Crane Beach Hydropower Station is acritical part of the Clean Energy Corridor of the Yangtze River, with a total installed capacity of 16 million kilowatts. The power generated by Crane Beach Hydropower Station per day can fulfill the electricity consumption of 500, 000 people per year after the station is put into production. Since 2018, Ping An Bank has been supporting the construction of the Crane Beach Hydropower Station by issuing green bonds and granting green credit. On March 25, 2021, Ping An Bank issued another carbon neutrality bond of RMB 3 billion, and directly invested RMB 1. 5 billion to help realize the goal of putting the first batch of units into operation and start to generate electricity by July 1, contributing to the national carbon neutrality goal. This is the largest and shortest maturity carbon neutrality bond in the market. In addition, Ping An has also fully exemplified the role as an insurance guarantor. Since 2016, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance, as the chief underwriter, has underwritten all the risks for the right bank construction of the principal project, with an insurance coverage of RMB 6. 12 billion and an underwriting share of 70, providing natural disaster and accident insurance protection for the principal project of the Crane Beach Hydropower Station. Case Green Credit Card Ping An Bank became the first bank in China to provide green bank accounts that covers all types of cards On the basis of Union Pay's existing lowcarbon card product system, Ping An has expanded the partnership to Ping An Bank's fullcard customer account level to create a full range of green and lowcarbon accounts for customers. Green lowcarbon accounts contain the functions of public welfare and innovation, such as green energy, green rights, and medal walls, which advocates fora simple, moderate, green, and lowcarbon lifestyle through the green energy system. These accounts can also accumulate personal carbon reduction for credit card customers, laying the foundation for the personal carbon trading opportunities in the future. Integrated financial service empowering green development
36 37 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Case Ping An Real Estate issued the first overseas green bond and syndicated loan of the group Ping An Real Estate successfully issued a USD 600 million unsecured senior overseas bond in July 2021 biyear senior unsecured bond overseas in July 2021. This is Ping An Group's first overseas green bond, and the funds raised are used to refinance the eligible green projects. The transaction was strongly supported by international green bond investors and included in the Bloomberg Barclays MSCI Green Bond Index. The green bond was also successfully certified by Sustainalytics and the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency, and was subsidized by the Green and Sustainable Finance Grant Scheme (GSF Grant Scheme) launched by Hong Kong goverment. In addition, Ping An Real Estate successfully colaunched an overseas green syndicate loan of USD 400 million in December 2021, which is also the first overseas green syndicated loan of Ping An Group. The loan funds will be used for the refinancing of green projects and fully demonstrated the role of green credit. Ping An Puhui s Auto e Loan supports green commuting of car owners In April 2021, Ping An Puhui carried out a comprehensive product upgrade of its small and micro business loan product Auto e Loan. This upgrade strategically incorporated renewable energy vehicles and made Auto e Loan Ping An Puhui s first carbon neutrality -based small and micro loan. The upgraded Auto e Loan lowers the threshold for auto mortgages. Through granting the credit to both owner and vehicle, it has broken the restriction on the vehicle valuation with a limited quota and solved the financing difficulties of renewable energy vehicle owners. Moreover, by adding a green finance dimension to its product design, Ping An actively explores green inclusive finance and promotes the realization of the carbon neutrality goal. As of December 2021, Ping An Puhui s Auto e Loan has provided over RMB 300 million in preferential loans for renewable energy vehicle owners. Green Investment Green Credit Green Insurance Shenzhen's compulsory environmental pollution liability insurance helps corporates to improve the environmental risk prevention and control capabilities. On July 28, 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance underwrote the first batch of compulsory environmental pollution liability insurance based on the pricing of insured amount on pollution data. In addition, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance of China Shenzhen Branch strengthened environmental risk prevention and control services, effectively implementing the new model of service insurance and enhancing the environmental risk prevention and control capabilities of enterprises. Case As of December 31, 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance of China provided environmental pollution liability risk protection of about RMB 10 billion to nearly 2, 000 mediumand largescale enterprises. To promote compulsory environmental pollution liability insurance, Ping An Smart City launched the smart service platform for environmental liability insurance, which has been invested for over RMB 20 millions. Corporate clients can complete the customized premium calculation, insurance company selection, program review, and policy inquiry at the platform. Meanwhile, clients can enjoy other services such as receiving the online alert from monitoring devices. Through the platform, insurance companies can complete insurance data accounting, risk analysis, and management of insured units. Regulatory authorities can achieve intelligent supervision through the platform, get to know situation of the ongoing enterprise insurance and renewal in real time, and promote relevant penalty and incentive policies accordingly. Before the smart service platform was launched, there was alack of environmental risks management service when insurance purchased. But now, by utilizing the platform, each applicant can reduce its costs in environmental management more than RMB 20, 000.
38 39 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Development Achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2030 Ping An strictly abides by laws and regulations, including the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China. It has incorporated environmental protection into its business development plans and strives to minimize the negative impact of business operations on the environment, by conducting energy conservation transformation, building smart offices, and adopting electronic business processes. From 2021 onwards, Ping An Group has deepened its work in green operations, built upon its past achievements and upgraded its goals. Ping An is committed to achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2030. Ping An will develop its internal energy conservation and emission reduction plan in 2022 to deliver a more detailed roadmap of carbon neutrality in operations. At present, Ping An is following the international frameworks including Science Based Target (SBTi) to explore its path to achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2030. Ping An has committed to achieve carbon neutrality by first reducing internal carbon emissions, then investing or purchasing carbon credits to align with international operations standards. Ping An will start with reducing internal emission through energy conservation in workplaces and data centers, and then reduce external emission through purchasing external green power. After implementing feasible internal and external emission reduction plans, Ping An will seek out other solutions, such as purchasing carbon sink, to eventually achieve carbon neutrality. 2021 Ping An Group's Operating Carbon Emissions Distribution Chart (Original Figure)Screening and Gradually Withdrawing from Brown Assets While continuously expanding its investment in green assets, Ping An will screen the size of the Group's brown assets and its generated carbon emissions, and plan to gradually reduce or withdraw from the investment in coal mining and thermal power plant projects. To this end, Ping An issued the latest Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Coal Business. To gradually withdraw from the carbonintensive industries (brown industry), Ping An has strengthened the communication with and control on enterprises or clients with significant carbon emissions, requiring them to establish direction and path of transition linked to future financial support. Ping An Bank has tightened eligibility criteria for coalrelated industries, such as thermal coal, coalburning power generation, and steel by adopting more stringent conditions on installed capacity, coal consumption per unit of electricity, local restrictions etc. Listbased management and rigorous quota management are also introduced. Through routine monitoring and oneonone account approval, Ping An Bank urges its operating units to provide prioritized support for quality clients while phasing out risky clients with noncompliant production and lagging performance in environmental protection. Following the regulatory policies, Ping An Bank plans to gradually phase out clients in carbonintensive industries and avoids superficial carbon reduction. Ping An Bank introduced greenoriented content into risk policies targeting carbonintensive industries in order to maintain high quality clients and to contribute to carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Credit Granting of Four Largest Carbon Intensive Industries at Ping An Bank at the end of 2021 (in RMB billion) Industry Credit balance Total credit granted Exposure balance Coal Power 6. 505 6. 967 5. 700 Cement 2. 767 2. 823 2. 241 Steel 69. 156 69. 808 38. 316 Thermal Coal 31. 665 32. 613 23. 747 Emission (tons) percentage( ) Scope I 6, 121. 76 1. 427 Natural gas 6, 106. 51 1. 423 Diesel fuel 15. 25 0. 004 Scope II 376, 336. 09 87. 725 Workplace electricity consumption 313, 558. 99 73. 091 Data center electricity consumption 62, 777. 10 14. 634 Scope III 46, 537 10. 848 Employee travel 46, 537 10. 848 Total 428, 994. 85
40 41 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Coal Related Business Ping An Group has taken strict control measures for the industries with high pollution, high energy consumption, and overcapacity. Ping An prudently provides companies in those sectors with loan, investment, and insurance products and services, and regularly reviews the impact of their asset portfolio on climate change. In response to China's strategic goals to peak carbon emissions and reach carbon neutrality, Ping An is committed to achieving carbon neutrality of its asset portfolios by 2060. Under this goal, it is necessary for Ping An to focus on limiting coal mining projects with low efficiency and high emission and coalburning power projects. Therefore, Ping An has enhanced investment management measures as follows Direct investment evaluation of all thermal coal mining and coalfired power generation projects will be required and incorporated into the evaluation report for recordkeeping purposes. In principle, it is expected that Ping An will divest all unlisted projects such as direct equity or debt by the end of 2035 (except for projects achieved netzero emissions). Securities Investments in Capital Markets it is expected that Ping An will exit from holding of shares, bonds, and other capital market securities investment in companies with more than 30 of revenue generated from thermal coal and coalburning power businesses by the end of 2035. Proactive engagement and communication communicate with key carbon emission clients to make it clear that financial support needs tobe linked to their transition path and goals. These companies will be asked to develop transition plans, such as the goal to decrease carbon intensity at a rate of no less thana certain percentage per year (the extent of control at different time stages is determined by the interval reduction rate in the carbon emission roadmap). At the same time, Ping An will support their transition financing through green bonds, green loans, aswell as green asset securitization, and track their implementation overtime. Enhance the Impact of Green Charity Integrated resources of green charity, Ping An launched the first Carbon Neutrality Charitable Trust in China. In conjunction with the Group's business layout, it has already carried out a series of activities based on carbon neutrality, including public welfare, digital village, and smart city management. Provide the Most Comprehensive Green Insurance Products and Services Ping An launched new green insurance products, expanded the coverage of the insurance, and increased the insurance amount and premium income. On the basis of agricultural and renewable energy vehicle insurances, Ping An further developed insurance products and services, including corporate engineering insurance, carbon insurance, and premium service of risk management, and launched diverse profit concession plans that encompasses green enterprises, green projects, and nongreen enterprises. Case Ping An Carbon Neutrality Green Finance Development Charitable Trust Coordinated by the Group, Ping An Trust, Ping An Puhui, and Ping An Leasing jointly established the first carbon neutral charitable trust in China. The charitable trust aims to promote the development of ecological civilization around the goal of carbon neutrality, including but not limited to funding, supporting, and promoting outstanding lowcarbon projects; organizing relevant public welfare activities for green finance; and providing clean energy subsidies to the disadvantaged group in the form of funds and goods. Taking the advantage of the Carbon Neutrality Charitable Trust, Ping An Puhui also officially launched anew public welfare action, the Ping An Guardian Initiative National Park series, to support frontline ecological guardians and to facilitate the transformation and restoration of ecological forests. Centering on the national key protection of rare animals and plants, Ping An closely follows the biodiversity development in national parks and the sustainable development of communities. After calculation and internal evaluation, Ping An Group's investment financial assets have a greater exposure to the transformation of the brown industry than the secured loan business, so the policy that declares withdrawal from the coal industry in 2035 is only applicable to investment at the beginning.
42 43 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Case Accelerating Green Technologies to Empower Carbon Neutrality Ping An accelerates the R&Dand application of green technology to empower the Group's carbon neutrality strategy, and identifies the new opportunities in the green market in striving towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. These include green technology development programs for carbon accounting and carbon neutrality management at the asset management level, environmental and climate risk monitoring, energy conservation and emission reduction in workplaces, and Inclusive CER. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Adhere to the technologyled strategy and build a climate risk response management platform Taking advantage of technology, Ping An Property and Casualty has formed a laboratory and research team on natural disaster. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance did researches on climaterelated physical risks, focusing on extreme weather events caused by climate change and using technologies including numerical simulation, machine learning, spatiotemporal data mining, satellite remote sensing, and drones. It enables sound risk assessment and management to help property owners protect their belongings and reduce their financial losses. Furthermore, Ping An independently developed DRS, a digital platform for physical risk identification and management. It consolidates knowledge in geography, disaster science, meteorology, and insurance, embedding over 1. 4 billion data points on national disasters, internal underwriting and claim records. DRS can assess risks from nine types of natural disasters and the major natural disaster risks for five common crops. It facilitates risk analysis of natural disasters, extreme wind and precipitation and environmental pollution at any location across the country. Connected with the national meteorological management and warning system, DRS can issue exante disaster warnings and suggest lossmitigating actions for our clients. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance continuously improves the data availability, establishes the spatialtemporal data seton natural disaster, meteorology, geography data, remote sensing, and socioeconomic data, and gather experts in natural science and finance fields to form a professional natural disaster team. Case Worldleading computation mode used in Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance's Natural Disaster LaboratoryPOI Data Meteorological data Remote Sensing Data Damage Data Business Data Landform Data Building Data Geographical Information Trajectory Data Economic Data Spatial vector computation Image pr ocessing and recognition Flow data pr ocessin g Historical data aggregation Meteorological data computation Abundanc e of multidimen - sional data from multiple sources Highperfor - manc e par allelcomputing enginescienti c calculation framework and tempor alspatial data engine Postgr eSQL Risk Identi catio n Forecast and Wa rning Risk Pricing Product Development Damage Prevention Catastr ophe Simulatio n Natur al Disast er Risk Platform Hydrological Model Regional Pattern In SAR Calculation Catastrophe Model Data Assimilation Typhoon Model Object Recognition Grid Modeling Scienti c Calculation Model smoothly -coupled scienti c models, open sour ce and extensible, parallel structur e, e xible deployment of micr oservice s Technical Structure of the Natural Disaster Risk Platform
44 45 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Focusing on Rural Revitalization, Boosting Common Prosperity Overview of Achievements Ping An Rural Communities Support Program In 2021, after China won a complete victory in poverty alleviation, Ping An, inaccordance with the requirements of the national poverty alleviation policy to remove poverty hat without shedding responsibility, policy, and support to the rural areas, further promoted Rural Communities Support Program through the revitalization of industries, healthcare, and education so as to consolidate the existing achievements and contribute to the combination of poverty alleviation and rural revitalization. 69 875 Mobile physical examination and free clinic activities were carried out in rural areas Volunteers enlisted 9, 483 persontimes Over 20, 000 hours Health public welfare services covered Total hours invested Health revitalization Health revitalization 12. 016 in RMB billion 41. 85 in RMB billion Industrial revitalization assistance funds were provided The cumulative amount of poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization assistance funds was Industrial revitalization As of December 20216 Live lectures of scene masters were carried out for urban and rural schools 630 million people Live lectures covering more than Education revitalization Ping An Puhui s Huinongjin supports rural women to get rid of poverty Village Officer Program Creating a Closed Loop of Supporting Integrated Finance As an integrated financial group, Ping An continues to consolidate the longterm industrial fullcycle mechanism and underpin a closed loop of supporting integrated finance. Under the mechanism, Ping An provides rural residents with training and education, brings new vigor to rural industries, and helps rural enterprises to expand production and sales. In addition, Ping An promotes innovative financial products and empowers rural development through inclusive insurance and favorable loan. Supporting rural minority groups Ping An Puhui leveraged its advantages to serve urban minority group, and participated in the journey towards multidimensional rural revitalization such as rural women development, synergetic industry development, traditional culture inheritance, and business empowerment. Ping An Puhui collaborated with China Women Development Foundation, China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, and China Fashion Weekly to launch the Huinongjin, New Farmers and Mom s Needlework projects. These actions not only helped increase the income of rural minority group, but also realized subtilized assistance and rural revitalization. Handknitting articles from Mom s Needlework projects were displayed and auctioned at Ping An's Charity Auction Night
46 47 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Financial products supporting rural development Ping An promotes financial product innovation, and helps rural development with diversified financial services. Ping An has issued rural revitalization loans to 6 provinces and cities, including the Yunnan and Zhejiang provinces. The loans assisted local companies in improving the electrical environment of local rural residents and meeting the demands of local industrial development and ecological environmental protection. Ping An underwrote rural revitalization bonds, and jointly issued the first rural revitalization debit card with China Union Pay to make safer, more convenient, and more efficient financial services benefit the majority of rural residents. Ping An initiated the Ping An Special Support Plan for Guizhou Water Asset, which can effectively liquidize remnant assets of water sector in the Guizhou Province. The plan enlarges the financing channel, solves the funding issues, and accelerates the integration of the work of provincial water. Furthermore, Ping An also established the Tibet Rural Revitalization Sustainable Development Charitable Trust to focus on the public welfare of rural revitalization and sustainable development in Tibet. In 2021, Ping An has issued over 20, 000 rural revitalization debit cards and approved about RMB 6. 47 billion in rural revitalization bonds, including RMB 4. 07 billion in rural revitalization government bonds and RMB 2. 4 billion in corporate. Liangshan County ethnic Yi group customers apply for rural revitalization debit cards Ping An has issued rural revitalization debit cards over 20 thousands Rural revitalization bonds RMB 6. 47 billion Rural Civilization 100 Initiative In 2021, Ping An kicked off the Rural Civilization 100 initiative to promote rural revitalization strategy. Led by rural Party cobuilding, Pina An targeted grassroots levels, and made good use of its advantages to help the establishment of standardized, informatized, and digitized rural Party building and exploration of the new model of four cocreations and four strengths. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An has set up 141 joint Party establishment points across 31 provinces in China, landed a total of 185 beneficial actions, and offered RMB 170 million to ensure local people's livelihood, which benefited over 300, 000 rural residents. Ping An also upgraded the policy of revitalization insurance, and leveraged RMB 618 million in industrial fund to enable a total revenue increase of RMB 420 million for 140, 000 rural residents. The first Rural Civilization 100 Action event landed in Yudu, Jiangxi
48 49 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Village Doctor Program Continuous Efforts on Building Healthy Village In 2021, Ping An gathered superior medical resources to promote the Ping An Health Protection Initiative, sending mobile vehicles to Jiangxi, Hubei, Guangdong, Shaanxi, Guizhou, Shandong provinces to offer free physical checkup and diagnostic services. The initiative also provided rural doctor training, and helped upgrade rural clinics. Ping An, together with the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and the China Financial Information Center, jointly released the Rural Health Poverty Alleviation Report for 20182020, which systematically reported the physical characteristics and risks of Consumption Driving Industry Development Ping An spared no effort in building the brand of Cloud Farm and developing a tourism, procurement, and marketing model to drive rural industry towards an energysaving and highly valueadded model transformation which enriches the livelihood for rural residents. Ping An built the system supported by three pillars supply chain, financial services, and operational services which channel agricultural products to the urban market. Ping An continues to leverage consumption power and improve the special platform Ping An Life Cycle to ensure longterm assistance. During 2021, Ping An organized 7 agricultural product marketing events, and spent RMB 110 million in purchasing agricultural products. Customers of Beautiful countryside, Ping An orange journey cultureoriented trip Ping An Health Protection Initiative offered free physical checkup in Zunyi Ping An Health Protection Initiative offered free physical checkup in Weihaiillness of rural residents. Ping An and the China Aging Well Association jointly launched the Healthy China Living with Health project to provide education and services to the regions and people lacking medical resources and health management knowledge. Ping An donated 2, 000 audio and video medical diagnostic documents to Linxia, Gansu to help patients solve problems at different levels via intelligent means and to reduce the repoverty phenomenon caused by inconvenient transportation and insufficient medical resources. Purchasing agricultural products for RMB 110 millions
50 51 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Ping An Project Hope Primary School and Rural Teaching Actions In 2021, Ping An recruited about 175 batches of 875 volunteers, and introduced them to 127 Project Hope Primary Schools through online and offline volunteer teaching. The volunteer teaching duration has exceeded 20, 000 hours, and by the end of December 2021, Ping An had funded 119 Ping An Project Hope Primary Schools (with 3 schools yet tobe completed) and recruited nearly 10, 000 volunteer teachers that served approximately 370, 000 hours. Village Teacher Program Bridging the Urban Rural Gap in Technology Education Ping An utilized the online education platform to provide highquality online courses in rural areas. At the same time, Ping An retained the supporting measures for Project Hope, using the platform to establish connections with local institutions and rural schools and offer a set of supporting measures in terms of hardware, software, teachers, and students for future development of the next generation in rural areas. The Juvenile Science and Technology Literacy Enhancement Program Ping An launched the Juvenile Science and Technology Literacy Enhancement Program to rejuvenate the countryside through science and technology. Ping An invited renowned scholars to deliver lessons in rural areas, and invited students from Ping An Smart Primary School to a popular science camp in Beijing, where they talked with academicians face to face. Ping An enhanced the science and technology literacy of urban and rural students through a series of livestreamed courses, visits and practices, and other charitable activities. Through these efforts, Ping An contributed to the national strategy of invigorating the countryside through science and technology. In 2021, the Master of Scenarios livestreamed courses on topics of technology had a viewership of over 63 million. Up to now, the program has been implemented in 1, 039 rural schools throughout 30 provinces and cities, benefiting more than 10, 000 rural teachers and 310, 000 rural students. the Master of Scenarios livestreamed courses on topics of technology had a viewership of over 63 million Ping An Inspiration Program In 2021, Ping An launched the Ping An Inspiration Program for firstclass college students, and organized business competition in combination with businessrelated issues such as corporate finance, medical care, and technology to encourage college students to fully display their talents and deliver inspiring and heartwarming solutions towards the national and social development of the new era. Ever since the Inspiration Program's launch in 2003, nearly RMB 20 million in scholarships funded over 5, 900 university students to support and encourage them to focus academic research, apply what they have learned, serve the country, aswell as the society Teaching Volunteers Program of Ping An in 2021 Ping An furthered the Juvenile Science and Technology Literacy Enhancement Program to invite rural students to afield trip in the science and technology companies.
52 53 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Bring Love Home Project Ping An initiated the Bring Love Home Project for the leftbehind children and migrant workers in urban areas. Before the 2021 Spring Festival, Ping An partnered with China Social Assistance Foundation and Shenzhen Charity Association to launch a series of public welfare events for migrant workers who were unable to return home. The events has attracted many heartwarming stories from 1, 800 migrant workers, and distributed RMB 1, 500 to each worker in needs of funding based on document review. Other Public Welfare Actions Ping An Youth Wellness Program Ping An attaches great importance to children s growth. In October 2021, the Ping An Youth Wellness Program was jointly launched by the China Children and Teenagers Fund and Ping An in Shenzhen. The Program identified 180 primary and secondary schools as pilot schools, and gave a donation of RMB 10 million to carry out activities related to children s fundamental growth, coordination and caring, sound personality cultivation, psychological health and rehabilitation, etc. Natural Disasters Relief Ping An committed to its responsibilities with its expertise in insurance and responded to disaster relief in time. In 2021, inface of the earthquakes occurred in Yunnan and Qinghai Provinces and the heavy downpour in Henan and Shanxi Provinces, Ping An dedicated itself to providing assistance in disaster relief and launched fasttrack channels and emergency services, delivering swift emergent insurance claim services, assuring afflicted people with heartwarming services. Faced with the challenges brought by heavy downpour in Henan Province on July 20, Ping An Life Insurance, Ping An Property&Casualty Insurance, and Ping An Annuity provided various emergent services, and opened green channels to insurance claims. Ping An Property and Casualty did its best to participate in the flood control and emergency rescue activities by nationally sourcing and sending out 185 insurance claim experts and 651 rescue vehicles. Ping An Property&Casualty Insurance executed indiscriminate rescue and provided relief workers with free special insurance packages. Up to December of 2021, Ping An Property&Casualty Insurance received over 70, 000 cases with insurance payouts reaching RMB 3. 1 billion. The company also issued catastrophe insurance for Guangdong, Hubei, Xiamen, Ningbo and Taizhou Provinces to facilitate the government's work on postdisaster reconstruction and fund distribution through measures of quick claims and exempt from examination. Reunion with Love - Warming with care, 2021 Spring Warming Gift Giving Event Held in Shenzhen Caring children'sand juvenile's mental health, Ping An's welfare events for juvenile started in Shenzhen, with Shenzhen, Guangdong Province and Linyi, Shandong Province included in the first batch pilot cities

56 57 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Transparent Corporate Governance Ensure Sound Operation 2. 38 yuan The annual dividend per share 10, 142, 026 million Ping An's total assets 168, 479 million Operating profit 101, 618 million Net profit attributable to the parent 5. 77 yuan The basic earnings per share In 2021, Ping An's total assets were approximately RMB 10, 142, 026 million. Its operating profits recorded RMB 168, 479 million. Net profits attributable to the parent company reached RMB 101, 618 billion. The basic EPS was RMB 5. 77, and the annual pershare dividend was RMB 2. 38. In 2021, Ping An was ranked 16 thon the Fortune Global 500 global list and 2 nd among global financial companies. Ping An was ranked 6 thon the Forbes Global 2000 list, moving 1 place up from last year, contiuously placing 1 st among global insurance companies. Forbes Global 2000 list Ranked 6 th Improve Corporate Governance Ping An strictly follows applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, and carries out corporate governance according to the Group's actual conditions. After 30 years of practice, Ping An has formed a clear board positioning, a professional board composition, a standardized operating process, anda board culture focused on value creation, ensuring the Group's longterm, stable and rapid development. It has become the role model incorporate governance for the financial sector in China and around the world. Protect Shareholders Rights and Interests The Group's Board of Directors and relevant bodies fulfill the information disclosure duties required for listed companies in strict accordance with regulations. Its information disclosure fully complies with the standards of authenticity, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and fairness, and has been well received by the market and investors. In addition, by establishing an efficient investor relationship management mechanism, it protects the interests of shareholders, formulates a reasonable dividend policy, and takes into account the interests of independent minority shareholders. Furthermore, it also uses multichannel communication methods and platforms to maintain good communication with investors and shareholders. In 2021, the Group further increased dividend payout. Dividend per share registered a yearonyear growth of 8. 2. At the same time, it started anew round of share repurchase. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An repurchased 77, 765, 090 shares by means of centralized bidding in the Ashare market, representing 0. 42541 of total stock issue, with the total amount of payment being RMB 3, 899, 441, 135. 30 (transaction costs excluded). In 2021, its dividend per share increased 8. 2
58 59 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Salary and Incentive Mechanism The purpose of Ping An's salary policy is to attract, retain, and motivate talent and to support the realization of the Group's operation objectives. The policy'skey principles are clear outcome, performance incentive, reflection of market, and reasonable costs. The Group's employee compensation package consists of basic compensation, performancebased payment, welfare allowances, and subsidies. Among them, the basic compensation is according to the position value, market benchmark, etc. The performancebased payment is linked to the Group's overall operation outcome, individual performance review, etc. Welfare allowances and subsidies are distributed with reference to the relevant national regulations and industry standards. Specific structure and strategy of salary package will be adjusted and optimized according to the market and the Group's development. Participated in Key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan 89, 304 Employees Deferred payment and recourse mechanism The performancebased payment for senior executives and key personnel is implemented via a deferred payment system in strict compliance with regulatory requirements. In order to leverage the motivation of performancebased payment in daily operation and management and to ensure that salary incentive matches riskadjusted performance, Ping An has established salary recourse mechanism for senior executives and key personnel, which helps preventing aggressive business conducts and violation of laws and regulations, and promotes prudent operation and sustainable development. Key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan Since the key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan took effect, the Group has been operating steadily with shareholders, with the Group and its employees sharing collective interests and risks. These plans strongly guarantee further improvement in the Group's governance structure, establish better longterm incentives and restrictions, and promote long, sustainable, and healthy development. The participants in the two plans include directors, employee representative supervisors, and senior managers of the Group and its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2021, the number of participants recorded 89, 304 in total. Corporate Business Ethics Ping An attaches important to the impact of business ethics on itself, shareholders, clients, employees, partners, and communities and the environment. To meet the requirements of relevant international standards, the Group selected key ESG topics from internal and external stakeholders, and released regulations for a more standardized and closedloop management. Improve the Code of Business Conduct Ping An has created relevant regulations in terms of business ethics and employee behaviors, and issued the Ping An Group's Business Code of Conduct and Ping An Group's Employee Code of Business Conduct. The Group will continue to enhance standardized management. Tax Policy Ping An rigorously follows the requirements of laws and regulations involved in its business, cooperates with the government to implement tax policies, standardizes the performance of tax liability, discloses tax information by law, and forbids tax fraud and tax evasion. The Group will strengthen tax risk prevention and buildup tax management team aswell as improving the internal risk control of taxation. Antitrust and Fair Competition Ping An follows antitrust laws and regulations, strictly reviews all M&A transactions, and discloses information according to standards. Ping An establishes effective monitoring and execution mechanisms, and supervises each department to improve internal control and longterm risk control mechanisms. Strict regulation on charitable donations and sponsorship ensures that fair business competition will not be threatened by relevant donations and supportive actions. Ping An reviews the legality and compliance of M&A and other commercial transactions by just and fair assessment.
60 61 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixA unified petition and whistleblowing hotline 075522625145 A unified petition and whistleblowing email address lzxfjb pingan. com. cn Anti Money Laundering, Anti Terrorism Financing and Sanctions Compliance Ping An strictly follows the laws and regulations on antimoney laundering, antiterrorism financing, and sanctions compliance, improves internal control system and working mechanism, and strengthens control procedures and measures. Ping An also strengthens data governance, information system construction, and training promotion, and sets up antimoney laundering internal review and audit, performance appraisal, and reward and punishment mechanisms. By developing an intelligent antimoney laundering platform, Ping An improves its overall risk control capability. Fairness and Protection of Employees Rights and Interests Ping An attaches great importance to the protection of employees legitimate rights and interests. It forbids the differential treatment of employees and the recruit child labor and forced labor. Ping An ensures protection of supplier employees rights and benefits through the Procurement Supplier Mangament Procedure and other systems. Ping An follows the principles of openness, impartiality, fairness, and efficiency in the procurement process, including tender opening, evaluation, and complaint handling. It welcomes supervision from suppliers and customers. Petition and Whistleblowing Management Ping An has developed the Whistleblowing Management Procedure, and appointed the Group Inspection and Discipline Office as the respondent entity. Ping An has set up a petition working group under the Group Inspection and Discipline Office to receive, guide, inspect, monitor, and coordinate petitions from the Group and its subsidiaries nonconsumer complaints. A unified petition and whistleblowing hotline (075522625145) and email address (lzxfjb pingan. com. cn) are open to receiving nonconsumer complaints from internal and external sources (including but not limited to Ping An's employees, customers, suppliers, governments, and regulatory bureaus) reporting on the Group and its employees and agents. The petition and whistleblowing management department deals with the cases in a legal, objective, fair, and prompt manner. The department also coordinates investigation work with other departments, and promote the effective and reasonable conduct of petition work. Additionally, the petition and whistleblowing management requires the special protection and confidentiality of petitioners, and protects the legitimate interests of the petitioners incase of retaliation. Ping An has established clear regulation of accountability in regards to violations. Employee Business Code of Conduct Adhering to the principle of Regulation 1 to ensure compliance and robust operation, Ping An clearly put forward the programmatic code of conduct Five Norms and Prohibitive Norms for the Group's employees, emphasizing the requirements of Compliance Line and Red Line of Conduct to prevent all kinds of violations, disciplinary risks, or cases. Ping An has severely cracked down on all kinds of commercial bribery and corruption, including commercial bribery for any purpose, such as seeking competitive advantage or obtaining business opportunities, breaching or accepting kickbacks, encroaching on, stealing, defrauding or otherwise illegally possessing funds, property and business opportunities of companies or related parties, aswell as dereliction of duty, fraud, benefit tunneling, etc. The Five Norms includes protecting consumer rights, upholding laws and regulations, keeping trade secrets, maintaining integrity, fulfilling impartial duties, etc. The twelve Prohibitive Norms include criminal offenses, insider trading, illegal sales, bribery, righttoown, malpractice, interest transferring, disclosure of secrets, breach of reputation, system destruction, sexual harassment, and other serious violations, aswell as violation of salary regulations or distribution schemes, false attendance records, assistance in providing false attendance records, etc. Intellectual Property Protection Ping An emphasizes intellectual property protection to ensure that technological innovation can be effectively and efficiently translated into practical application value. While protecting its own intellectual property, Ping An forbids employees from participating in activities in violation of intellectual property rights, and do not infringe intellectual property rights. Incase of any intellectual property disputes, Ping An will immediately start investigation and make sure it and others intellectual property rights are under protection and respected.
62 63 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Responsible Investing Ping An believes that responsible investment is not a philanthropic action but a value investment that helps effectively avoid risks and contribute to longterm stable returns. Ping An hopes that every investment decision can create positive environmental and social impact. To practice this investment philosophy, Ping An enhances its sustainable development model and implements its responsible investment system proactively. Responsible Investment Policy In 2021, Ping An newly revised the Ping An Group's Policy Statemetn on Responsible Investment, which identifies the scope of application of responsible investment and further explains its responsible investment strategy. Ping An also issued the Ping An's Policy Statement on Coal Business, which emphasizes strict measures to control investment in the industries with high pollution and emissions on a policy level. The five principles concerning Ping An's responsible investment include ESG incorporation, active shareholder, thematic investing, prudence, and transparency. Ping An incorporates ESG factors into the investment decision making, and proactively developed the CNESG smart evaluation system, which can serve as the evaluation criteria and basis of investment for listed companies, bond issuers, and ESG due diligence of projects. Ping An makes full use of shareholders positive influence by way of ESG communication and guidance and responsible postinvestment management, urges the investees to improve their ESG performance, and offers practicable suggestions based on their conditions so as to guide their further development in a healthy manner. Ping An promises that it will not invest in controversial industries and regions. Ping An also adopts conditional exclusion strategies on serious polluting and energyconsuming projects. Furthermore, it chooses to invest in thermal power and coal industries with prudence. Ping An will disclose any qualitative and quantitative information concerning responsible investment in its midterm report and annual sustainable development report. 1 3 5 42 Principle of ESG incorporation Principle of active shareholder Principle of prudence Principle of thematic investing Principle of transparency Ping An practices indepth the development concept of inclusive finance and green finance, focusing on sustainabilitythemed investment strategies for environmental protection involving environment restoration and clean energy. It also concentrates on investment tactics that may generate additional social benefits, such as poverty alleviation and inclusive finance. Postinvestment Stewardship Ping An proactively participates in postinvestment ESG stewardship. By implementing the principle of active shareholders, monitoring portfolio investees, and recognizing the risks and opportunities investees face in the journey of longterm value creation strategy, Ping An actively engages with investees and leads them towards healthy development. Ping An conducts stewardship among the Group's important strategic investees and companies highly relevant to the Group's ESG strategy. In the postinvestment processes, Ping An follows the five ESG principles and insists that management and investment shall align with the interest of clients and beneficiaries in every investment activity. The Group incorporates ESG issues into investment decision, and monitors and manages investees ESG performance based on investment strategy and industrial attributes. In addition, Ping An works with peer companies to promote ESG investment in China, and discloses stewardship and management outcome in a timely manner. To gradually promote postinvestment stewardship throughout the Group, Ping An will prioritize eligible investees into the scope of stewardship based on strategic status and the importance of relevant issues, and plan to expand the scope of inclusion in the near future. Ping An will conduct stewardship and communication through corporate engagement, voting, industry collaboration, and policy engagement. It will keep its focus on global issues and manage key issues based on their significance and importance.
64 65 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Statistics on Responsible Investment, Financing and Banking Services Under the guidance of responsible investment principles, Ping An has made full use of the AIESG platform to integrate ESG risks with the Group's investment risk management system. It has established the Group's responsible investment and financing system, covering various categories such as equity investment, fixed income investment, longterm equity investment, investment properties, and other investments, aswell as the responsible banking system, covering credit business and other financing business included green and socially inclusive sustainable development issues. Green assets are evaluated with specific reference to the types of projects, such as green financing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by Asset Management Association of China's (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Social assets include infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, etc. Inclusive assets include supporting small business, San Nong (agriculture, rural areas and rural residents), rural revitalization, shantytown transformation, etc. As of December 2021, the scale of Ping An's responsible investment and financing has reached nearly RMB 1. 22 trillion, of which Ping An's green investment and financing is recorded nearly RMB 224. 580 billion. Inclusive investment and financing hit nearly RMB 68. 467 billion, and social investment and financing stood at nearly RMB 926. 860 billion. The scale of responsible banking was nearly RMB 491. 384 billion, of which the green credit balance reached RMB 72. 974 billion and inclusive loan balance at RMB 382. 159 billion. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An's responsible banking, investment and financing statistics are shown as below Ping An 2021 Responsible Banking, Investment and Financing 1. 22 in RMB trillion 68. 467 in RMB billion 224. 580 in RMB billion 926. 860 in RMB billion Ping An's responsible investment and financing has reached Inclusive investment and financing has reached Ping An's green investment and financing has reached Social investment and financing has reached Responsible Investment and Financing ( 1 ) 1, 219, 906 Green Investment and Financing ( 2 ) 224, 580 Equity 67, 269 Bond 89, 801 Financial Products 67, 520 Inclusive Investment and Financing ( 3 ) 68, 467 Equity 331 Bond 11, 506 Financial Products 56, 630 Social Investment and Financing ( 4 ) 926, 859 Equity 193, 582 Bond 300, 667 Financial Products 432, 610 Responsible Banking 491, 384 Green Banking 89, 813 Green Credit 84, 613 Green Bonds 5, 200 Inclusive Banking 400, 022 Inclusive Loans 382, 159 Other Inclusive Financing 17, 863 Social Banking 1, 549 Note (1) The estimation scope of responsible investment and financing covers all financial products that the Group (except bank) participated as issuers and investors. (2) Green investment and financing refer to the types of projects, such as green financing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by Asset Management Association of China's (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. (3) Social investment and financing social assets cover infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, etc. (4) Inclusive investment and financing inclusive category support small and micro business, San Nong (agriculture, rural areas and rural residents), rural revitalization, shantytown transformation, etc.
66 67 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Investment Impact (Cases) Assisting in financing green projects. Ping An Trust served as investment consultant in helping Ping An Life Insurance invest RMB 2 billion in CGN Wind Power through cash funding, assisting CGN Wind Power in the development of clean energy projects such as wind and photovoltaic power. Ping An Securities was appointed as the recommendation institution in New China Harbor's IPO project, helping New China Harbor fundraise in the capital market, further consolidating the company's market position and promoting a greener thermoelectric industry. Promoting technology development of the green industry. Ping An Fund has issued greenthemed securities investment funds such as CSI New Materials Theme ETF, CSI New Energy Vehicle Industry ETF, and CSI Photovoltaic Industry ETF, focusing on lowcarbon and environmental protection industries and promoting the development of emerging green industries and technologies through financial methods. Ping An Asset Mangement's subsidiary Ping An Chuang Win has initiated and completed anew energy fund of RMB 4. 5 billion. The company is in the process of launching anew PE fund specializing inwind power and photovoltaic investment. Promoting green infrastructure construction. Ping An Asset Management increased its investment in the target company through the debttoequity swap model, and provided equity funds for the Qinghai Yellow River Mezzanine Project of SPIC to reduce the increase in the assetliability ratio caused by the company'snew energy installation project. After the project is fully put into operation, the annual power generation can reach 2. 5 billion kilowatts, with a reduction of about 3 million tonsCO 2 emissions. Through direct leasing products, Ping An Leasing provided a stateowned new energy company with RMB 70 million in funding for the construction of a groundbased centralized photovoltaic power plant in Xikaxue Village, Zhanan County, Shannan City, Tibet, with installed capacity of 20, 000 kilowatts and annual power generation capacity of 25 million k Wh. Through the new green energy assistance model, it can bring about green development opportunities to the local area. Social and Inclusive Investment Impact (Cases) Supporting rural revitalization and promoting agricultural development Ping An Bank innovatively developed a number of financial products, such as rural revitalization loans, rural revitalization bonds, and rural revitalization cards. In April 2021, Ping An Bank underwrote for the first time the Rural Revitalization bond, Chongqing Pharmaceutical (Group) s sixth phase of ultrashortterm financing bonds of 2021, raising RMB 300 million to meet the needs of rural medical drugs, comprehensively improve the local health and medical service capacity, and effectively guarantee the level of rural public health services. Ping An Trust successfully led the implementation of the Chongqing Yuhe Expressway Project. The project is mainly located in the rural area from G 75 Beibei to Shaxi Toll Station, totaling 24 km in length. It created 74 jobs in the local rural area, and is expected to drive annual economic growth of RMB 200 million in the rural areas of Sichuan and Chongqing. Ping An Puhui continues to help more rural industries grow and develop through the Huinongjin project. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An Puhui has provided a total of RMB 16. 6 million to rural cooperative leaders and rural entrepreneurs through the interestfree Huinongjin project. It has directly supported over 600 impoverished households with an average household income increase of over RMB 10, 000. The project covers eight provinces Heilongjiang, Jilin, Gansu, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Chongqing, Henan, and Yunnan. Supporting small and micro enterprises (SMEs) and boosting the real economy. Ping An Bank's New Micro Loan applies special algorithms to locate target micro and small customers that cannot receive loans from traditional banks, and offers them credit products. As of December 2021, Ping An Bank provided more than 27, 000 small and micro customers with deferred principal and interest repayment services. The deferred principal exceeded RMB 30 billion, the deferred interest exceeded RMB 200 million, and the various handling fees waived for SMEs and individual businesses totalled more than RMB 38 million. RMB 110 million in interest was reduced or exempted through the issuance of interest coupons. The Anhui Series projects carried out by Ping An Securities and Ping An Leasing have effectively and comprehensively relieved the financial pressure of equipment suppliers and micro and small enterprises. As of December 31, 2021, the four issues of Anhui Asset Backed Special Program amounted to RMB 7. 97 billion. The Inclusive Finance Series assetbacked special programs carried outby Ping An Securities and Ping An Puhui provide lowcost and highliquidity sources of financing for SMEs, efficiently addressing the financing needs of SMEs and helping towards the development of the real economy. As of December 31, 2021, the program has provided funding for the borrowing services of over 16 million inclusive finance clients, such as micro and small business owners and individual entrepreneurs, geographically covering all regions except for Xinjiang and Taiwan.
68 69 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Sustainable Insurance Incorporate ESG factors into insurance business decision models. Collaborate with governments, regulators, and other relevant parties to promote broadbased community action on ESG issues. Regularly disclose Ping An's progress on implementing the Principles for Sustainable Insurance to demonstrate Ping An's corporate responsibility and transparency. Work with clients business partners in raising ESG awareness, managing related risks, and developing solutions. 1 32 4 Ping An is committed to incorporating ESG philosophies into its insurance business, guiding insurance product design towards sustainable development so as to become a trustworthy insurance company. Through the application of cuttingedge technology, Ping An continues to improve its service quality and efficiency, offering more assured and convenient services to clients. Sustainable Insurance Policy Ping An has fully integrated ESG factors into the Group'score business development strategies, including its insurance business. The Group has also established a sustainability model, clarifying its ESG governance system, key ESG topics, aswell as risk identification, assessment, and management system. In addition, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance based on the Sustainable Insurance Principles (PSI) introduced by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI), and proposes four principles of sustainable insurance Sustainable Insurance Product System Ping An constantly enhances the integration of ESG factors into its product development, design, and evaluation, and increases product innovation in order to continuously improve and enrich the sustainable insurance portfolios. In 2021, Ping An actively responded to China's Carbon Neutrality strategy, and further strengthened the development of green insurance products and services. At the same time, Ping An keeps tracking the changing health trends of China's population and the changes in demand in the insurance market due to increasing insurance awareness. Ping An will promote development of various social and inclusive security insurance products to offer more comprehensive health and life protection for the socially vulnerable and special care groups. Partial List of Sustainable Insurance Products in 2021 Climate insurance Social insurance Inclusive insurance Insurance for Small and Micro Business Operation Insurance for Special Group Insurance for Sannong (Agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents) Social insurance Liability insurance Medical insurance Annuity Insurance Critical illness insurance Environmental & Ecological Insurance Casualty Insurance
70 71 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix in RMB million Environmental (1) Social (2) Inclusive (3) Premium income 44, 569. 22 453, 813. 28 23, 403. 42 Insured amount 40, 160, 077. 16 478, 323, 674. 83 13, 582, 443. 90 Ping An 2021 Sustainable Insurance Data Notes (1) Environmental insurances include insurance products provided by insurance financial institutions to support response to climate change, environmental improvement, resource conservation and efficient utilization, ecological protection, energy conservation, and environmental protection, and to advocate for green, healthy, and lowcarbon lifestyles. (2) Social insurances include liability insurance (covering workplace safety insurance and food safety insurance), medical insurance, and critical illness insurance. (3) Inclusive insurances include agriculture insurance, insurance for rural areas, insurance for farmers, insurance for vulnerable groups, and small and microbusiness operations insurance. Sustainable Insurance Impact Ping An has aligned and integrated its diversified insurance business with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), contributing to environmental, social, and economic sustainability, and promoting global sustainable development. Ping An's 2021 sustainable insurance profile is listed below. Green Insurance Impact (Cases) Insuring development of green industries Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance green insurance product, forest carbon sink remote sensing index insurance, actualized the efficient quantitative monitoring of forestry carbon sink accumulation and growth through innovative application of satellite remote sensing technology, facilitating the rapid underwriting of projects. It regularly provides customers with feedback on the forests growth, puts forward scientific management suggestions, and helps customers improve the level of carbon sink growth. Through the innovative model of index insurance, it can also achieve rapid loss determination and quick claim settlement after disasters and make use of compensation for postdisaster forestry carbon sink resources rescue, carbon source removal, and forest resources cultivation, providing a strong guarantee for the development of forestry carbon sinks. Up to now, the product has been launched in Hebei, Guangxi, and Hunan, accumulating a total of RMB 15. 582 million in carbon sink risk protection for 130, 000 mu of forest land. Green Insurance Impact (Cases) Impact of Social Inclusive Insurance (Cases)Supporting comprehensive environmental management Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched wildlife insurance to address the issues caused by wildlife. In June 2021, the wild Asian elephant herds in Yunnan migrated north, causing economic loss in crops along the way. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance paid an insurance amount of RMB 1, 723, 800 for 411 cases of accidents relating to the wild elephant herd, contributing to the establishment of a good environment for harmonious coexistence between humans and elephants. Enhancing postdisaster resilience In response to climate disasters, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched disaster insurance products, represented by Guangdong Catastrophe Index Insurance, to help local governments and production and operation entities cope with catastrophes, leverage insurance companies risk management technology and capabilities to reduce losses, and accelerate postdisaster reconstruction through claim settlement services. In the 2021 Shanxi heavy downpour, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched seven emergency service measures, including multichannel realtime warning, multichannel convenient services, onsite emergency response networks, temporary resettlement sites, opening green channels for claims, rescue and quick repairment, and timely compensation prepayment, fully protecting the safety of customers lives and property. Protecting the health of the population As of December 31, 2021, Ping An Life Insurance principal protection product Ping An Fu paid out a total of nearly RMB 5. 86 billion to customers, providing effective insurance protection for the public. Since the launch of Ping An Fu in 2013, it has kept up with the times, continuously upgrading its depth and breadth of coverage and product services. In 2021, as the coverage has been increased Ping An Fu additionally offers three ways to raise the coverage amount. The diseases covered also have expanded from 150 to 180. In addition, the number of claims by customers has increased to give customers the maximum financial protection. Helping small and micro enterprises Focusing on the development of small and micro enterprises, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance created a series of inclusive insurance products for small and micro enterprise customers, such as Benefiting Staff Insurance and Leqi E Life Insurance. Up to December 2021, more than 2. 45 million micro and small enterprises were covered, effectively helping micro and small enterprises to continue stable operation. In addition, in response to the demand for resumption of work and production after the epidemic, Ping An Property & Casualty insurance promoted loan guarantee insurance products priced with balance method in early 2021, effectively reducing the repayment pressure of small and micro enterprises and making up for the shortcomings of financing services for small and micro enterprises. As of December 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty insurance has provided guaranteed insurance credit enhancement services to nearly one million small and micro enterprise customers that had production and business needs, with a financing amount totaling over RMB 250 billion, and helped small and micro enterprises to resume work and production.
72 73 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Product Liability and Customer Protection Responsible Products As an integrated financial and life services group, Ping An provides a wide range of products and services including insurance, banking, asset management, and technology. It has formulated principles on responsible products, and has formed and gradually refined the policies and systems restricted to all its products and services. In terms of governance, Ping An has the Group's Board of Directors as the highest governing body for product and service responsibilities, and authorizes the Group Consumer Rights Protection Committee and Personal Finance Committee as the direct regulatory body responsible for product and service. The Group Investor Relations and ESG Committee assists in coordinating ESG relevant responsible productrelated matters. At the executive level, the Group Operation Risk Management Department, Group Consumer Rights Protection Department, and Group ESG Office are responsible for organizing, coordinating, supervising, and directing subsidiary professional companies product departments to implement responsible product responsibilities, standardize management in the product and service life cycle, and avoid ESGrelated risks. Product development In the development process, each subsidiary professional company must comply with and protect the basic rights of consumers, such as the right to property security, the right to information, and the right to independent choice. With full understanding and compliance with relevant regulations and systems, they should evaluate and review product policies, systems, business rules, fee pricing, terms of agreement, promotional texts, etc., and identify and point out relevant risks, avoiding product and service risks right at the source. Product sales and publicity Ping An actively and fully fulfills the obligation of information disclosure, and truthfully explains to consumers the nature of products and services, main risks, fees and charges, main terms and conditions of the contract, etc. It is prohibited to release content that is untrue, illegal, or easily misunderstood by consumers. The content of externa promotional content should be reviewed so that they are legally qualified, ensuring responsible publicity. All sales staff should obtain legal qualifications and receive regular training. Ping An also actively initiates consumeroriented financial knowledge education activities and organizes regular financial knowledge training on consumer rights and obligation, the obligations of financial institutions, and protection of consumers rights as social welfare events. Product postsales service Ping An promises to establish an effective postsales service mechanism to regulate product claims, redemptions, and other compliance behaviors. Each subsidiaries professional company should establish a consumer complaint management system and provide consumers and other relevant parties with customer communication and feedback channels, such as website mobile customer service, email, and hotline. Each subsidiaries professional company should clearly inform customers of the communication channels in product contracts, product introduction materials, and other similar materials. Customers can obtain product and servicerelated information or request for assistance about products and services through relevant channels. Subsidiaries are required to inform the complainants of the processing results within the time limit regulated by laws and regulations. Emergency handling Based on principles of Risk of Mass Complaints Management Approach and the principles of Unified Leadership, Comprehensive Coordination; Integrated Management, Hierarchical Responsibility; Compartmentalization combined, Territorial based; Be prepared, Prevention first; Quick Response, Decisively handling, a leading group on mass complaints prevention and emergency management is established as a permanent part of Group, which conducts amass complaints risk review and reports every six months, handling relevant issues according to the group's Significant Emergency Handling Guideline as necessary. Case Ping An Health Insurance strengthens product process management to create responsible insurance products In the product development process, all product innovation schemes of Ping An Health Insurance are required to undergo product secretary meetings to assess feasibility and then submit to product management committee for approval before the product development process started. After the new proposal is approved, the Product Marketing Department strictly controls the development by formulating product operation rules and submitting a notification of system development completion and a official document approval for product listing on the official website, etc. All documents involved in the development process must be approved and confirmed by the corresponding department. In terms of product marketing management, in order to better respond to internal and external management requirements on product marketing and publicity and to further reduce the risk of false publicity and misleading sales, the Product Marketing Department has formulated Management on Marketing Aids (Version 2021). This document clearly specifies six major aspects responsibilities and functions of each department, production authority of each department, classification of marketing aids, owner's responsibility and approval mechanism of marketing aids, organization and registration of marketing aids, and the handling of violations. In order to effectively reduce risks in product marketing and promotion, the Product Marketing Department plans to build a unified online marketing aid database, aiming for a onestop management of companywide marketing aid production, review, summary, iteration and destruction.
74 75 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Consumer Rights Protection Ping Anis committed to creating heartwarming services by placing customers at the center of it all. Under the leadership of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors, Ping An actively implements various consumer rights protection requirements and integrates consumer rights protection into its corporate governance. Improve the institutional mechanism of consumer protection Ping An constantly seeks optimization on its consumer rights protection mechanisms. It implemented and deployed regulatory requirements and consumer rights protection assessments, and improved its consumer rights protection review mechanisms. To coordinate and supervise the enhanced complaint governance across the group, Ping An initiated a groupwide campaign in April 2021 to rectify complaint management, carry out groupwide complaint special rectification work, establish a work responsibility system for key companies and key issues, consolidate responsibilities at all levels, promote the implementation of consumer rights protection in the whole service chain before, during, and after the incident, implement front risk gates, and improve complaint resolution capabilities. Strengthening the construction of consumer protection culture Ping An strengthened the construction of a consumer rights protection culture. Internally, it strengthened the culture and concept of fair and honest consumer rights protection for all employees, established a daily consumer rights protection mechanism for the Group, held regular management exchange seminars to improve the management of consumer rights protection, and delivered online training courses on consumer rights protection to establish the correct concept of consumer rights protection. By December 31, 2021, nearly 300, 000 employees had completed online learning courses. Externally, Ping An actively cooperated with the People's Bank of China, China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, Central Internet Information Office, and the Ministry of Public Security regarding the protection of financial consumers rights and interests, and launched special campaigns during the 315 period to spread basic financial knowledge, enhance consumers financial literacy, and call on the public to be good financial citizens. Employees had completed online learning 300, 000 Operation C Delivering Financial Protection to Consumers In response to the call from regulators to strengthen consumer protection and education, Ping An Puhui upgraded its consumer capability empowerment program, Operation C, and joined hands with public security departments, regulators, and subdistricts to jointly conduct online and offline financial antifraud publicity activities and promote the National Anti Fraud Center app to further increase the public's awareness of financial fraud risk prevention. Additionally, Ping An Puhui cooperated with Sina to discuss financial literacy topics, and created a Stay Sober for financial antifraud course, which attracted widespread participation from all walks of life and brought financial protection to consumers. Ping An EWallet Conducts Financial Anti Fraud Public Education Ping An EWallet emphasized the strengthening of financial literacy among consumers to help them buildup selfprotection awareness and rights protection. In 2020, Ping An EWallet launched offline financial antifraud public education activities in Xiangxi, Shanghai, Beijing, Hangzhou, and Shandong, aimed at protecting consumers rights and interests by strengthening financial security education, upgrading security defense system, and optimizing the customer service process. Ping An is committed to providing consumers with a strong security umbrella and creating a more heartwarming payment service. Case
76 77 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Consumer rights hotline got connected 256, 000 The fastest payment record for car insurance 70 seconds Intelligent Appointment Service Optimized Store Hardware and Software Equipment Green Channel for Elderly Services Through the 95511 national customer service hotline, the Ping An Good Car Owner app, and the Ping An Auto Insurance Service Store miniprogram, one can make appointments for online business with online remote guidance and offline business with the information of all required documents all inone time. Upgraded service points for comfort and convenience, equipped with standing service stations with handheld intelligent devices in proximity. Stores are equipped with comfortable seats, water dispensers, medical boxes, and other convenient facilities. Raincoats, umbrellas, and other supplies are provided for elderly customers on rain and snow days. The green service channel zone for senior citizens is fully setup, with senior staffs serving eldery customers oneonone. Senior staffs are able to understand senior customers demands in a timely manner and handle cases quickly according to the customers needs. Optimization of service mode for elderly users Visitors by the end of 2021 Improving customer service experience Ping An improved customer experience, and enhanced consumer rights protection. Ping An satisfied the needs of elderly users through technological innovation and caring services. Ping An provides a hotline for elderly customers. By calling the 95511 hotline, customers aged over 60 can skip the complex interactive steps, and get connected to a dedicated customer service line. Ping An Life Insurance of China expanded channels for complaints in the process of complaints acceptance, setting up complaint entries on the official websites of Ping An Group and Ping An Life, the Ping An Life We Chat public account and We Chat mini program, Weibo, Tik Tok, sales system, and renewal system. The agents pocket working platform (Pocket E) provides a valet complaints channel. A dedicated consumer rights hotline 4001666333 was launched, equipped with professional customer agent team in 24 7 service, anda quick response time in order to resolve consumer consultation and complaints with professional and efficient service. Up to the end of 2021, the dedicated consumer rights hotline got connected with 256, 000 visitors, averaging 1, 111 daily visitors, with a 99 connection rate. Addressing the common issues in the industry, Ping An Property & Casualty established a remote service model, featuring oneonone online settlement of cases with minor losses and no demand for onsite service. It simplifies the claims processing process, and provides convenient and efficient service for customers, with the fastest payment record for car insurance in only 70 seconds. The oneclick settlement feature enables customers to finish reporting cases in four interactive steps, with utilization rate as high as 92. 2 and customer satisfaction rate at 95. 78. In 2021, 80 of the cases at Ping An Property & Casualty are completed within 1 hour and the total completion rate is nearly 99. 2021 Strengthen agent management Ping An stepped up agent team building on consumer rights protection with enhanced education, control of sales, and strict accountability. Through continuous implementation of departmental morning meetings on compliance topics, Ping An strengthened the training for agent quality, guided the teams to strengthen compliance as the core culture. Ping An expanded the coverage of doubleentry of new insurance policies, and strengthened retroactive management on insurance sales behavior. Ping An requires new agents to participate in related trainings and to pass exams to ensure qualified sales skills. Ping An conducts special inspection and routine business risk selfinspection, strengthening management and supervision of key risk areas, and strictly refers to quality management policy to hold related personnel and managers accountable. Ping An aims to reduce the frequency of violation and to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. Information Security and AI Governance With the rapid development of the Internet economy, the value of information has become increasingly prominent, and the risk of information security has also increased. The frequent occurrence of security incidents such as information leakage and trafficking has brought serious potential dangers to personal privacy and national security. As a result, relevant laws and regulations have been continuously improving in China, the protection of personal privacy data increasingly strengthened and the scientific and technological information industry increasingly regulated. In recent years, laws and regulations such as The Cybersecurity Law, The Data Security Law, and the Personal Information Protection Law have been promulgated and implemented. The Regulations on the Administration of Network Data Security (Draft for Solicitation of Comments), drafted in November 2021, are highlighted in The 14 th Five Year Plan for the Development of the Information and Communication Industry. Comprehensive enhancements to network and data security are required, and protective measures are planned. Ping An resolutely abides by national laws, regulations, and industry norms, strictly implements information security management norms with the highest standards, and ensures the security of Ping An's information business.
78 79 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Information Security and Privacy Protection Ping An continues to improve the Group's information security management system and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. By developing information security management regulations such as Policy Statement on Privacy Protection of Ping An Group, Ping An establishes a data security governance model centered on client data protection, carries out the wholeprocess security management, and regularly conducts internal and external audits of information security management and data privacy protection. Ping An has obtained the ISO 27001 certification on information security management system for many years in order to operate the information security system effectively and stably. Ping An respects and protects the privacy of all customers, and has established management norms such as Policy Statement on Privacy Protection of Ping An Group to ensure legal, compliant, safe, and reliable input, transmission, storage, and use of personal information. Moreover, Ping An strictly controls the collection, use, and protection of relevant privacy information, and ensures that business activities do not infringe on the privacy rights of clients and employees. Enhanced AI Governance Ping An follows the five ethical principles of peopleorientated, humangovernaned, safety and controllability, fairness and justice, openness and transparency. Ping An established the Policy Statement on Privacy Protection of Ping An Group, promised to scientifically control the development and application of artificial intelligence, and is committed to providing technology and financial services that meet the ethics requirements. Ping An set clear ethical requirements covering data use, algorithm research, and industry application, continuing to improve the AI governance framework. Internally, Ping An setup an AI Ethics Management Committee which is responsible for identifying the direction of AI ethics policy while ensuring fairness and justice in the process of product development aswell as the implementation of information security and privacy protection during provision of products and services and exploring optimized management methods for AI ethics problems in the practical project application. Externally, Ping An proactively participated in the global AI governance, and increased communication between the industry and academic exchanges. It coestablished the standard of the AI Risk Management Assessment Model issued by the China Electronics Standardization Institute, promoting AI governance standardization in the industry. The core employee stock ownership plan and longterm service plan has coverd 89, 304 people Employee Development and Welfare Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents eeing employees as the key asset, Ping An is dedicated to offering broad prospects and abundant resources for career development. It respects the rights and interests of employees, and continues to improve their compensation and welfare guarantees while fostering a comfortable and pleasant working environment for them. Similarly, Ping An highlights the growth of its agents, and constantly improves their training model and courses, trying to be the sincerest partner for agents. Employees Rights and Interests Ping An promises to guarantee the legal rights and interests of each and every employee. Guided byits Anti Discrimination Rules, the Group eliminates unfair treatment, insists on equal pay for equal work, and prohibits any discrimination behaviors. Furthermore, the Group shuns the use of child labor and forced labor, and refrains from interfering with the rights of employees to participate in any legal organizations or setup associations. Ping An abides by national laws and regulations and local government requirements, actively implements the parental leave system, and protects the legitimate rights and interests of employees. Adhering to the transparent salary and performance in a fair and equitable way, Ping An continuously reviews employee salary levels. Inaccordance with the principle of distribution bywork, coupled with employee performance assessment, Ping An carries out scientific salary management, motivates employees to continuously improve their personal ability and to develop and grow with the Group. In addition, to encourage retention rates in core talents and to establish a sound and longterm incentive and restraint mechanism, Ping An has implemented a core employee stock ownership plan and longterm service plan, covering a total of 89, 304 people. Moreover, Ping An provides welldeveloped and diversified channels for feedback, complaints, and reports, and has formulated the Whistleblowing Management Procedure to protect employees freedom of expression and to protect their legitimate rights and interests (refer to Transparent Corporate Governance Section for more details).
80 81 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Employee Development Ping An continues to enrich and improve talent standards and systems, and organizes the talent pool for key positions every year. The system covers multiple dimensions such as performance results, ability dimensions, and development potential to ensure the fairness and efficiency of talent selection. Every employee has the right to participate in training, achieving comprehensive coverage from employees to senior management. In addition, Ping An continues to improve and deepen the training system, enrich curriculum and instructor resources, provide multidimensional training, provide allround training for employees, and strive to achieve the goal of the best training is at Ping An. In 2021, Ping An University will continue to expand its facetoface course resources and add new livestreamed courses. The livestreamed course has established cooperation with ten renowned business schools and over 30 consulting institutions, and has selected six thematic courses in strategic planning, management decisionmaking, cuttingedge technology, trends and innovation, professional skills, and personal growth. At the same time, Ping An has introduced popular courses and livestreamed courses for professional positions such as technology, finance, marketing, products, brands, and HR. The course resource libraries totals over 1, 900. Ping An adheres to two methods of internal training and external recruitment in talent selection, aiming to select the best industry leaders and highpotential young talents. In terms of training, Ping An has increased investment in talent development and improved the efficiency of talent investment. According to the personal professional fields of personnel at all levels, the shortcomings of their abilities and other factors, they can match tutors, rotations, project practices, centralized training, and other methods, so as to achieve the best training resources to comprehensively improve the ability of talents. In terms of work, Ping An adheres to the resultsoriented approach and provides a career platform for talents. The course resource libraries totals over 1, 900 Case Ping An launched the Position Best Practice Project In 2021, in order to continuously upgrade the job curriculum system, Ping An launched two practical courses, Best Practice Extraction Program and Best Practice Application Competition around the common business needs of five positions. The Best Practice Extraction Program works together with experts in various fields to solve common business problems in the field. The project produced a series of best practice cases and best practice extraction programs. The Best Practice Application Competition encourages professional companies to focus on core business scenarios, promote the implementation of best practices, and promote employee learning and employee practice via competitions. Best practices play an important role in improving sales performance, improving work efficiency, controlling costs, etc., and achieved the project's anticipated goal of transforming experience sharing into value output.
82 83 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Employee Welfare With the management mission of career plan, joyful work and easy life, Ping An offers commercial insurance, highend medical health insurance, family health checkup package, and other benefits to guarantee that employees can realize their value in a highly satisfactory environment. Ping An offers a health management platform through which employees can directly conduct online consultation and medical appointment and receive physical examination services on a regular basis. In addition, Ping An has set up the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) to assist employees in solving their personal problems. Ping An developed the HRX platform for mobile applications to provide employees with a series of convenient services. Furthermore, in order to respect and care for female employees, Ping An provides nursing rooms and corresponding facilities in the office to facilitate nursing. Ping An P&Coffering club events for employees Agent Development and Security Ping An Life adheres to the sustainable development path, resolutely promotes the highquality transformation and structural optimization of agents, and strives to build a team of highquality, highperformance, highquality agents. Ping An Life Insurance has fully launched the Excellent project to attract and screen highquality talents. In order to meet the career development needs of agents and enhance their sense of belonging and identity in the insurance industry, Ping An Life Insurance supports agents in training, rights protection, and business development, and continuously improves the service skills and professional level of agents. In order to achieve the goal of a welltrained, highperformance and highquality transformation of the agent team, Ping An Life Insurance has adopted three core strategies of institutional classification development, refined operation, and digitalization. It adopts distinct development strategies according to the distinct economic development level and competitive situation of different cities and regions. It matches suitable management and support for different agents, and designs different development models for the three key groups of newcomers, high performers, and supervisors. By creating digital tools, Ping An helps the daily operation, recruitment, training, management, and other aspects of the agent team. Ping An has developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Agent Welfare and Management to ensure the fairness and impartiality of agent recruitment and prohibit discrimination against agents. In addition, Ping An provides communication channels for agents to express their opinions and demands, and protects the legitimate rights and interests of agents to express themselves freely. Ping An attaches great importance to the compassionate care of agents, and constantly enhances their sense of recognition and belonging in the insurance industry. Ping An provides agents with a wealth of welfare protection from medical, accident, death, pension, and others, including four basic welfare guarantees, pension provident fund, longterm service awards, valueadded services, physical examination services, etc. From 2020 to 2021, Ping An Life Insurance had comprehensively upgraded its treatment, care, and management of agents. In terms of treatment, there was an increaseing support for newcomers, excellent performance, and supervisors. In terms of care, the Elderly Employee Care Plan was launched to provide four exclusive valueadded services for supervisors and high performers, including expert consultation, VIP appointment registration, secondary diagnosis and treatment of serious illness, hospitalization arrangement, etc. Ping An recruits talents and creates an exclusive training system for Excellent agents On October 16, 2021, Ping An hosted the 2021 Ping An New Maker Conference in Shenzhen, and officially announced the launch of the Ping An Recruitment Talent Season. As a Ping Anlaunched talent recruitment program, the program provided income subsidy support for newcomers in the early stage, and piloted the implementation of the newcomer management project at secondlevel institutions, aimed at creating an exclusive training system for insurance agents by providing better training, treatment, development, and platform, helping agents adapt to the working environment faster, completing advancement in life, and thus becoming future life insurance elites and insurance entrepreneurs. Case
84 85 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Empowerment of agents through the Pocket Easy channel The Ping An Agent's intelligent online platform Pocket Easy helps agents carry out the entire business process online. In terms of training, it helps increase users, enhances user viscosity, enriches the learning content, and strengthens compliance publicity. In 2021, the headquarters and institutions held a total of 90 live broadcasts, covering a crowd of 10, 000 people. In terms of upgrading rights and interests, the platform has paved the way for the transformation of Ping An medical and health service products. Moreover, it can identify the excellent performers, and help Ping An's medical and health services develop rapidly. The platform has a hierarchical management system for agents which digitizes, systematizes, and processes the level of rights and interests by matching rights to services, health management, life and travel, etc. In terms of business development, the intelligent work platform uses four means of compliance system, quality control, compliance training, and system optimization to help agents expand their business online. The intelligent work platform's number of users annually has reached 3, 125, 80 of which are at leadership levels. Case Sustainable Supply Chain Ping An is committed to establishing winwin and longterm mutually beneficial cooperation relationships with its suppliers. Ping An has continuously optimized procurement services, timely fulfilled its payment agreements, and proactively promoted higher sustainable development levels in its suppliers. As of December 2021, Ping An has a total of 6, 408 partnering suppliers, including 72 overseas suppliers. Ping An developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains, and Detailed Measures for Management of Procurement Business Suppliers, and integrated ESG requirements into the closed supply chain management, from selection&verification, approval &cooperation, management&integrityto tracking&feedback. Ping An focuses on its suppliers ESG performance in aspects of environmental protection, employee rights and interests, and risk management. Meanwhile, Ping An added ESG requirements to existing supplier contracts, and required suppliers to fulfill corporate social responsibility and obligations, including antibribery, information security and privacy protection, lowcarbon and green technology transformation and development, labor rights protection, employee development, etc. As of December 2021, 3, 016 suppliers have passed Ping An's supplier ESG performance assessment. Ping An puts emphasis on the training of our partners, including product quality, job skills, compliance management, employee rights and interests, etc., in order to improve the sustainable performance of suppliers. In 2021, Ping An conducted cooperation training for our suppliers and provided targeted education on ESG management requirements and ESG risk practice, urging suppliers to improve their comprehensive performance in information security, labor rights, and environmental protection. As of December 2021, a total of 64, 583 suppliers have participated in such ESG trainings, a number that accounts for all of Ping An's suppliers. (Refer to the Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains of Ping An Group for more details) Ping An has partnering suppliers totally 6, 408 Suppliers have passed Ping An's supplier ESG performance assessment 3, 016 Suppliers have participated in the ESG training provided by Ping An 64, 583 As of December 2021
86 87 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Operation Ping An strictly abides by laws and regulations, including the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC. The group duely practices environment protection in its development strategy planning, and has substantially reduced its operational impact to the environment through measures such as energy saving renovation, smart office system, digital businesses, etc. In the end, Ping An has achieved significant energy efficiency and emissions reduction. Refer to the green finance chapter to learn more about Ping An's 2030 Carbon Neutrality Plan in Operations. Energy Saving and Emission Reduction in Operations In 2021, Ping An carried out a series of emission reduction actions in operation including Plastics Reduction Move. Since officially kicking off the Plastics Reduction Move in March of 2020, bottled water usage at Ping An Financial Center's offices has dropped by 808 boxes (19, 392 bottles), which is a 61 decrease as compared to 2020, saving RMB 25, 000 in operational costs. Meanwhile, the bottled water usage in Ping An's conference rooms has seen a decrease of 2, 130 boxes(51, 120 bottles), a 54 drop as compared to 2020, saving RMB 89, 600 in operational costs. Ping An workplaces actively echoed the group's advocacy fora paperless office through implementing doublesided printing and using online document processing systems. In particular, Ping An Bank has optimized its financial system to implement electronic invoice reimbursement that forgoes printing, binding, and scanning. In 2021, Ping An Bank issued 918, 756 electronic invoices, which accounted for 50 of invoices. It significantly reduced the use of paper, and promotes the goal of a paperless office. In regards to energy saving, Ping An has integrated energy saving management into all aspects of its daily operation. Through scientific energy management systems and optimized infrastructure, Ping An gradually improved energy efficiency, and reduced the electricity consumption of offices and data centers. In 2021, the electricity consumption of Ping An'sown workplaces and leased workplaces was 513, 946, 880 k Wh, while the power consumption of data centers is 102, 896, 415 k Wh. The total carbon emission is 428994. 85 tons. The use of mineral water In the workplace of Ping An Financial Center has been reduced by 808 boxes (19, 392 bottles), a 61 drop as compared to 2020 The use of mineral water in conference rooms has been reduced by 2, 130 boxes(51, 120 bottles), a 54 drop as compared to 2020. The use of paper In 2021, the total paper consumption at Ping An's operating sites and workplaces amounts 1, 631 tons. Power consumption Ping An'sown and leased workplaces is 513, 946, 880 KWH, while the power consumption of data centers is 102, 896, 415 KWH. Carbon emissions The total carbon emissions of Ping An in 2021 reached 428, 994. 85 tons. A groundbreaking ceremony of the Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Centre was held at Ping An University in Shenzhen. It is acritical infrastructure in Ping An's future and technological development. Among Shenzhen s financiallevel data center projects, Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Centre is the first to achieve data center PUE of less than 1. 25, and is expected to become a benchmark for domestic energysaving technology after it is put into production, contributing to the strategy of Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutralization. Case Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center is expected to lead the energysaving technology development
88 89 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Buildings Ping An pursues the goal of green city, and actively promotes the green and lowcarbon development of urban ecology, improving the quality of urban environment and resident living standard. In recent years, Ping An has been actively constructing green office buildings. Through applying green and environmental technologies, Ping An sets a benchmark for highrise buildings in energy conservation and environmental protection, and builds heartwarming green buildings. As of December 31, 2021, more than 10 of Ping An's green building projects, including the Shenzhen Ping An Financial Center, Ping An National Customer Service and Support Technology Center No. 3 Building, and Ping An Fortune Plaza in Changsha, have obtained green building certifications at home and abroad. Shenzhen Ping An Financial Center was awarded the Highest Level of Green Building Dual Certification In August 2021, the Shenzhen Ping An Financial Center, designed, built and operated by Ping An Real Estate, obtained LEEDv 4. 1 OM EB (Operation and Maintenance Existing Building) Platinum Certification and China Green Building Three Star Certification issued by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Rural Development of the PRC (MOHURD). By adopting cuttingedge technologies such as free refrigeration system, heat recovery system, highperformance facade design, and energy regeneration elevators, it can save up to 46 of energy consumption, standing as the worldclass green building benchmark for highrise buildings. Case Business Creates Value In 2021, Ping An reviewed and developed its culture and value system, putting people at its core and national rejuvenation as its responsibility, with the vision of becoming the worldleading integrated financial and healthcare services provider. By providing the most professional financial advisors, family doctors, and eldercare services to benefit customers, Ping An demonstrates the concept expertise makes life simple. Community Impact Adhering to the values of surviving in competition, and developing with innovation and One Pingan, Ping An takes social responsibility while creating value for customers, shareholders, and employees and pursuing winwin cooperation and handinhand development with all stakeholders. Ping An takes advantage of its scale and strengths in finance, technology, and healthcare to promote volunteerism and civilization in various service scenarios. Ping An Bank Provides Distinctive Eldercare Service Ping An Bank is committed to providing heartwarming financial services for the elderly residents. In cooperation with the Bureau of Civil Affairs of Shenzhen Municipality, Ping An Bank launched the Shenzhen Smart Eldercare Identity Cards, with benefits which include policy exemptions (free bus and subway rides and free access to the city'sparks, tourist attractions, and cultural and sports venues), financial debit, data collection, and other services, fulfilling the application in all eldercare services and improving the experience of elderly residents. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An Bank had issued 780, 000 Smart Eldercare Identity Cards, accounting for 91. 46 of the elderly residents registered in Shenzhen, meeting a majority of their financial needs. Furthermore, to better improve the financial consumption experience of elderly, Ping An Bank has been steadily upgrading its Pocket Bank app with simplified pages and larger fonts to help senior users navigate the app more easily and fulfill their banking needs thoroughly. Case
90 91 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Smart Life Makes Civil Administrative Services More Accessible In recent years, Ping An Smart Life has served in government informatization, and connected government data with solutions such as government data sharing and governance. The i Shenzhen digital citizen product system was developed, featuring a onestop simplified administrative service, a onecode convenient city access, anda onedata empowered application. The i Shenzhen app, the integrated government service platform built for Shenzhen, has realized a handheld government, services at fingertips, and facescan enabled tasks and launched more than 8, 000 services, equipped with innovative service modes of Second Report and Second Approval, Certificate Free Processing, and Processing with Chatbox, through which the Certificatefree Office launched within the data applications of i Shenzhen covers 405 types of licenses required by citizens and enterprises for daily operations and life, and covering 5, 288 of the city's government service affairs, bringing about great convenience to the public. Case Contributions to Local Communities In 2021, Ping An aligned itself with the developmental needs of volunteering services in the modern Chinese context, staying true to Ping An's original mission and giving back to communities. Centering on its core business and heartwarming finance service, Ping An upgraded its flagship volunteer projects, and took up the advantages of volunteering. Throughout the year, Ping An carried out nearly 15, 000 Ping An Guardian Initiative public welfare events to help improve the general public's financial literacy, consumer rights awareness, and safety literacy, bringing public welfare to communities and benefiting residents. At the same time, Ping An supported epidemic containment and disaster relief, fully demonstrating the role of insurance as a social stabilizer, leading public welfare into the villiages, empowering rural revitalization. Case Ping An Guardian Initiative Brings Safety and Health to Communities In 2021, Ping An Guardian Initiative focused on the themes of safety and health. Collaborating with 1, 600 branches nationwide, including Ping An Life Ping An Bank, Ping An Property and Casualty Ping An Puhui, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Good Doctor, Ping An mobilized millions of agents and held volunteer activities in 100 primary Party service centers. The Safe Guardian Initiative aims to provide community residents with a series of safety services such as literacy in safety and first aid training. The Health Guardian Initiative aims to provide community residents with multidimensional public health services. In 2021, Ping An Guardian Initiative trained 110 AHA firstaid instructors and 2, 629 AHA Heartsavers.
92 93 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Financial Literacy Improvement Plan Guides Consumers to Use Financial Services Ping An has integrated consumer rights and interests protection into its corporate governance, and conducted consumer education activities in different ways, including online and offline events, to guide consumers to use financial services correctly, protect their own rights and interests, and establish rational consumption concepts. 2021 witnessed the comprehensive upgrade of Ping An's financial consumer literacy program and the implementation of multiple measures to improve financial consumer protection. Ping An and its 18 professional companies have joined with local Internet information and Internet police departments to organize various forms of campaigns about network security. In an innovative mode of cooperation between the police and enterprises, these campaigns aim to enhance the public's knowledge of financial antifraud and awareness of consumer protection by establishing a public welfare science column online and holding offline activities in the community, which also helps police department in building a clear cyberspace. This program has been successfully implemented in nearly 30 provinces and cities such as Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Jinan and hosted about 80 events and attended by 100 million people, leading to a large social response. Case Ping An Volunteers Association 3. 334 million The total number of registered users of San Cun Hui Public walfare reached 3, 858 events Public welfare activities around us has totally launched 21. 39 million persontime Public welfare activities around us were launched, attracting participation of Ping An established the Ping An Volunteers Association in 2018. Since then, volunteers could be found everywhere all over China. At present, Ping An Volunteers Association has set up 27 regional volunteer association branches nationwide, covering 30 member companies within the group. By December 31, 2021, the total number of registered users of San Cun Hui Public walfare reached 3. 334 million, among which 555, 000 were Ping An employees and agent volunteers. In 2021, a total of 3, 858 public welfare activities around us were launched, attracting participation of 21. 39 million persontime.

96 97 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Annual Key Performance Business Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total assets (in RMB million) 10, 142, 026 9, 527, 870 8, 222, 929 Total income (in RMB million) 1, 180, 444 1, 218, 315 1, 168, 867 Operating profit (in RMB million) 168, 479 155, 670 147, 722 Operating profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company (in RMB million)101, 618 143, 099 149, 407 Dividends per share (in RMB) 2. 38 2. 20 2. 05 Earnings per share (in RMB) 5. 77 8. 10 8. 41 Total tax paid (in RMB million) 111, 416 103, 576 118, 300 Solvency adequacy ratio of the Group ( ) 233. 5 236. 40 229. 80 Insurance fund investment portfolio size (in RMB trillion)3. 92 3. 74 3. 21 Annualized return on investment ( ) 4. 6 5. 1 5. 2 Annualized total return ( ) 4. 0 6. 2 6. 9 Corporate Governance Board of Directors Supervisory Committee Indicator Executive Director(s)Nonexecutive Director(s)Independent nonexecutive Director(s)Total External Supervisor(s)Shareholder Representative Supervisor(s)Employee Representative Supervisor(s)Total Headcount 5 3 6 14 2 1 2 5 Composition of 2021 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee (person)Gender and Age Composition of 2021 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee( ) Board of Directors Supervisory Committee By gender By age By gender By age Indicator Male Female Under 30 3150 Above 50 Male Female Under 30 3150 Above 50 Percentage 86 14 0 21 79 80 20 0 40 60 Compliance and Risk Management Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Compliance and internal control awareness raising activities coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Risk management staff training coverage( ) 100 100 100 Business Code of Conduct and Anti Corruption Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Coverage rate of anticorruption education ( ) 100 100 100 Coverage rate of trainings on antimoney laundering ( ) 100 100 100 Number of noncompliance cases related to money laundering 0 0 0 Number of anticorruption activities (times) 3, 445 2, 088 2, 046 Number of anticorruption trainings (times) 20 Attendance of anticorruption trainings (thousand) 5, 600 3, 120 3, 570 Rectification rate of issues identified in annual audit ( )96 79 71 Verification rate of complaints received ( ) 100 100 100
98 99 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Environmental Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 GHG emissions Scope 1 direct (tCO 2 e) 6, 121. 76 2, 114. 51 7, 156 Scope 2 indirect (tCO 2 e) 376, 336. 09 478, 287. 47 720, 605 Scope 3 employee travelling(tCO 2 e) 46, 537 49, 897. 43 69, 490 Total GHG emissions (tCO 2 e) 428, 994. 85 530, 299 797, 251 GHG emissions per capita (tCO 2 e person) 1. 21 1. 47 2. 12 Direct energy consumption Natural gastotal (M 3) 3, 053, 842 1, 068, 243 3, 402, 090 Dieseltotal (Liters) 5, 772 4, 243 174, 898 Indirect energy consumption Electricity consumptionworkplace (KWh) 513, 946, 880 527, 951, 472 732, 249, 926 Electricity consumptiondata centers (KWh) 102, 896, 415 21, 804, 243 96, 317, 142 Electricity consumptionper capita (KWh person) 1, 732. 79 1, 520. 23 2, 198. 64 Water consumption Water consumptiontotal (Tons) 5, 088, 733 26, 831, 408 9, 279, 226 Water consumptionper capita (Ton person) 14. 29 74. 20 24. 64 Solid waste Solid waste produced (Tons) 210, 773 331, 125 309, 631 Total paper consumption (Tons) 1, 631 6, 764 4, 315 Resource consumption and GHG emissions (Scope 1 emissions in this report cover emissions from stationary energy consumption; scope 2 covers those from electricity purchased (electricity emissions factor 0. 6101 kg CO 2 e KWh), and scope 3 covers emissions from air travels and hotel accommodations by employees.)Indicator 2021 Green Buildings Number of green buildings 10 Area of green buildings (M 2) 279, 272 Office buildings Total area of offices (M 2) 6, 946, 868 Area of owned offices (M 2) 426, 486 Area of leased offices (M 2) 6, 520, 382 Office Buildings and Green Buildings Social Performance Employee Composition Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total number of Employees (person)355, 982 361, 600 376, 900 By gender Male (person) 182, 332 186, 549 194, 970 Female (person) 173, 650 175, 051 181, 930 By age Under 30 (person) 169, 929 194, 035 200, 699 3050 (person) 180, 182 162, 322 170, 321 Above 50 (person) 5, 871 5, 243 5, 880 By region East China (person) 123, 931 - - North China (person) 36, 591 - - Central China (person) 34, 476 - - South China (person) 74, 667 - - Southwestern China (person) 39, 679 - - Northwestern China (person) 24, 704 - - Northeastern China (person) 21, 934 - -
100 101 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Indicator 2021 2020 2019 By Business Insurance (person) 189, 305 - Banking (person) 40, 651 - Asset Management (person) 12, 838 - Financial & Medical Technology (person)113, 188 - By Diploma Associate college degree (person) 120, 153 124, 499 135, 194 College graduate (person) 192, 912 192, 444 197, 119 Postgraduate (person) 27, 512 27, 409 25, 478 Others (person) 15, 405 17, 212 19, 222 Other category Number of overseas employees (person)553 424 336 Life Insurance Agents (thousand people)613 1, 022. 4 1, 166. 9 Senior management Number of senior management Number of senior management 9 10 12 Number of female senior management 3 3 3 Number of male senior management 6 7 9 Employee Turnover Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Employee Turnover Rate ( ) 27. 3 32. 60 33. 32 By Gender Male ( ) 28. 67 33. 60 33. 48 Female ( ) 25. 7 31. 50 31. 07 By Age 30 years old ( ) 35. 9 41. 30 43. 42 3050 years old ( ) 17. 3 18. 70 13. 43 50 years old ( ) 10. 3 15. 80 9. 69 By Region East China 18. 9 28. 90 11. 51 North China ( ) 20. 5 20. 40 2. 35 Central China ( ) 22. 6 25. 50 13. 32 South China ( ) 17. 2 26. 70 5. 16 Southwest China ( ) 32. 1 43. 00 8. 06 Northwest China ( ) 5. 3 42. 00 5. 04 Northeast China ( ) 35. 5 38. 20 4. 79 By Business Insurance 25. 03 Banking ( ) 10. 08 Asset Management ( ) 16. 7 Financial Technology and Medical Technology ( )35. 7 Employee Compensation Compensation ( Exclude Senior Management )( in RMB) 196, 131 By Gender Average compensation of male employees ( in RMB )215, 435 244, 311 233, 337 Average compensation of female employees ( in RMB ) 176, 329 202, 312 194, 305
102 103 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total Coverage Rate of Faceto Face and Online Training ( ) 99. 54 By Gender. Male ( ) 99. 73 Female ( ) 99. 33 By Level Executive management & Senior managers ( )94. 82 Middlerank ( ) 99 Junior Staff ( ) 99. 62 Average hours of facetoface and online trainings per employee (hours) 28. 54 33. 19 11. 94 By Gender Male (hours) 26. 39 Female (hours) 30. 81 By Level Executive managers & Senior managers (hours) 37. 89 Middlerank managers (hours) 36. 59 Junior Staff(hours) 27. 72 Employee Trainings Employee Health and Safety Indicator 2021 Number of workrelated fatalities (person) 5 Rate of workrelated fatalities ( ) 0. 001 Number of lost days due to work related injuries (days) 755 Customer Service Customer Service Performance Table Indicator Company 2021 2020 2019 NPS ( )Ping An Life 43 41 38 Ping An Health 51 49 47 Ping An Annuity 61 69 68 Ping An Securities 47 38 29 Ping An Bank Credit Card 43 40 32 Number of insurance claims (million)Ping An Life, Ping An Health, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Property & Casualty 46. 47 Average daily positive feedback rate ( )Ping An Good Doctor 92 Information Security and AI Governance Indicator 2021 Number of information leaks or other network security incidents 0 Information security evaluation score (point) 92. 74 Average percapita hours of information security trainings for employees hours 4 Coverage rate of customers privacy policy informed ( ) 100 Coverage rate of data control services provided to customers (including personal data access, correction, deletion etc.) ( )100 Coverage rate of the access to privacy information authorized by customers ( ) 100 Coverage rate of customers' access to information disclosure policies ( ) 100 Information security policies and frequency of system audits (IT audit frequency) (times year) 1 Coverage rate of information security trainings for employees ( ) 100 (Methodology of Statistics of 2021 Ping An Annuity has been improved based on structure of clientele)
104 105 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Supply Chain Performance Number of Suppliers Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of suppliers 6, 408 7, 400 3, 038 By type Service providers 5, 252 5, 865 2, 129 Material suppliers 1, 156 1, 535 909 By region East China 2, 318 2, 648 1, 232 North China 1, 054 1, 126 757 Central China 480 556 58 South China 1, 269 1, 462 796 Southwestern Region 518 693 86 Northwestern Region 389 422 39 Northeastern Region 308 458 21 Overseas Region 72 35 49 ESG Performance of Suppliers Indicator 2021 Number of suppliers approved in the Selection and Audit process section after audit (unit) 3, 016 Average score of supplier assessment (100 point scale) (point) 71. 68 Total number of suppliers eliminated (unit) 223 Number of suppliers participating in ESG related trainings (unit) 64, 583 Coverage rate of ESG related trainings for suppliers ( ) 100 Public Welfare Performance Ping An Rural Communities Supporting Program Indicator 2021 Village Officer Industrial revitalization assistance funds of the year (in RMB billion ) 12. 016 Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization (in RMB billion )41. 85 Number of person covered by wealthy leader courses (person) 80, 000 Sales of products for rural revitalizationwith Ping Anassistance (in RMB million )110 Village Doctor Number of the mobile medical checkups (times) 69 People served by mobile medical checkups (person) 9, 483 Village Teacher Village schools sponsored by Ping An (units) 119 Master of Scenarios live courses (times) 6 Poverty students served by Master of Scenarios live courses (thousand people) 6, 300 Rural Revitalization Performance Indicator 2021 Insurance premium amount provided for rural revitalization (in RMB million) 3, 715 Number of joint Party establishment points 141 Number of rural revitalization cards issued 23, 075 Total amount of rural revitalization loan (in RMB million) 4, 397 Volunteer Service Indicator 2021 San Cun Hui public welfare platform Cumulative number of registers at the platform (thousand people) 3, 334 Cumulative amount of public activities introduced (units) 3, 858 Number of participants at the platform (person time) 21, 386, 897 Volunteer Service Number of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An (person) 554, 944 Ping An Guardian Initiative (times) 14, 819 Number of volunteer association chapters (units) 47 Number of volunteer association chapters under susbsidiaries (units) 30
106 107 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Patent and R&D Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking Performance Indicator 2021 Total number of annual patent applications (item) 7, 008 Cumulative number of patent applications (item) 38, 420 Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking Performance (as of December 31, 2021) Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Status (as of December 31, 2020) Indicator Environment(1) Society(2) Inclusive(3) Insurance premium (in RMB million) 44, 569 453, 813. 23, 403 Sum insured amount (in RMB million) 40, 160, 077 478, 323, 675 13, 582, 444 Insurance product details (Types) 41 1, 409 853 Number of insurance policies 11, 322, 040 188, 577, 123 43, 761, 186 Patent and R&D Performance (in RMB million) Total Responsible Investment and Financing ( 1 ) 1, 219, 906 Green Investment and Financing ( 2 ) 224, 580 Equity 67, 259 Bond 89, 801 Financial Products 67, 520 Inclusive Investment and Financing ( 3 ) 68, 467 Equity 331 Bond 11, 506 Financial Products 56, 630 Social Investment and Financing ( 4 ) 926, 859 Equity 193, 582 Bond 300, 667 Financial Products 432, 610(in RMB million) Total Responsible Banking 491, 384 Green Banking 89, 813 Green loans 84, 613 Green bonds 5, 200 Inclusive Banking 400, 022 Inclusive loans 382, 159 Other Inclusive Financing 17, 863 Social Banking 1, 549 (1) The scope of responsible investment and financing covers all financial products for which the Group (except banking) is the funding party and issuer. (2) Green investment and financing specific reference to the types of projects encouraged in the Green Investment Guidelines of the Asset Management Association of China, such as green financing, green public funds, green buildings, green assets, etc. (3) Social investment and financing includes infrastructure construction, pension and medical care, education and culture, and other types. (4) Inclusive investment and financing includes types of small and micro enterprises loans, agricultural and rural revitalization loan, and construction of obsolete town loans. Note (1) Environmental insurance includes environmental pollution liability insurance and catastrophe insurance etc. (2) Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as production safety insurance, food safety insurance etc.), medical insurance, critical illness insurance etc. (3) Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture and rural areas, insurance for the disadvantaged, and insurance for the operation of small and micro enterprises etc. Note
108 109 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Statement of the Board of Directors An ESG management function module was established at the Group Executive Committee level. The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing, the Group Investor Relations & ESG Management Committee ( IR ESG Committee ) under the Group Executive Committee is the management for ESG issues. TheIR ESG Committee holds ESG exchange conference twice a year, and it is responsible for developing overall ESG strategy, identifying and assessing ESG risks, examining and approving ESG management policies, auditing ESG plans and objectives and deliberating on ESG performance appraisal through the Group ESG Management Committee and the Group ESG Office. Based on external social and economic macro environment and corporate development strategy, Ping An ESG management team dynamically assess the importance of ESG issues, discuss and determine the Groups risks and opportunities in terms of environmental, social and corporate governance, and integrate the management and improvement of important issues into annual sustainability strategy. ESG risk management Ping An has continuously optimized the ESG governance structure and controlled ESG risks within the Group system, and made systematic integration of ESG risks with the Group's comprehensive risk management system. Functional departments at the Group headquarters and professional companies follow ESG policy requirements to improve daily ESG management; increase efforts to build integrity and discipline; strengthen ethical risk management of AI and other technologies, promote responsible product and compliance management, ensure comprehensive coverage of the governance system from top to bottom, and create Chinese ESG governance standards. Green Finance In 2021, Ping An has fully upgraded its action in green f inance, announced its fiveyear business goals, and committed to achieving carbon neutrality in operation by 2030. While continuously expanding its investment in green assets, Ping An will screen and gradually withdrawing from carbonintensive assets, provide the Most Comprehensive green insurance products and services, enhance the impact of green charity, and accelerate green technologies to empower carbon neutrality. Rural Revitalization Ping An further promoted Rural Communities Support Program so as to consolidate the existing achievements and contribute to the combination of poverty alleviation and rural revitalization. Through creating a closed loop of supporting integrated finance, continuous efforts on building healthy village, bridging the urbanrural gap in technology education, Ping An will contribute to the rural revitalization. Climate change response Ping An built up a comprehensive and effective governance mechanism. Through the analysis of climaterelated risks and opportunities, Ping An constantly adjusts its business development strategies and resource allocation and formulate climate risk management strategies, in order to cope with various risks emerging from climate change, seize opportunities of lowcarbon development and transition to realize its own green development. Ping An's management practices and progresses in all the above work and other ESG issues as fully disclosed in this Report have been examined and approved by the Board of Directors in March, 2022
110 111 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Independent Third Party Assurance Report Independent Assurance Report To the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (the Board of Directors ) We have been engaged by the Boards of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (hereafter PING AN ) to perform a limited assurance engagement on the information disclosed in Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report (hereafter the Sustainability Report') for the nancial period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the completion and presentation (including reporting guidelines, limitations, reporting data and relevant identi cation procedures) of the Report compiled inaccordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to GRI Standards of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The Board of Directors is also responsible for determining the objectives in respect of sustainability performance and reporting, including identi cation of stakeholders and material issues that are relevant to these stakeholders; establishing and maintaining appropriate performance management and internal control systems from which the reported performance information is derived; and maintaining adequate records. Our Responsibilities Inaccordance with the agreed terms with PING AN, we are responsible for performing a limited level of assurance engagement on the following selected data ( the Subject Matter ) in the Sustainability Report, aswell as evaluating whether there is any material misstatement of the ESG performance indicators disclosed in the Sustainability Report. Our work is only for the Board of Directors, and for no other purposes. We do not assume responsibility or accept liability to any other person or third party for our work or the contents of this report. The selected data including Workplace electricity consumption Total water consumption Total natural gas consumption Total diesel consumption Total paper consumption Scope 3 emissions (Travel on Business) Solid waste produced Total GHG emissions Number of green buildings Area of green buildings Average hours of facetoface and online trainings per employee Employee turnover rate Number of suppliers approved in the Selection and Audit section after audit NPS ( ) Number of volunteers from Ping An Employees and Agents Industrial revitalization assistance funds Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization Insurance premium amount provided Coestablished model with primarylevel community and the Party Number of rural revitalization cards issued Total amount of rural revitalization loan Number of anticorruption activities Attendance of anticorruption trainings Total number of annual patent applications Green Investment and Financing Equity Green Investment and Financing Bond Green Investment and Financing Financial Products Inclusive Investment and Financing -Equity Inclusive Investment and Financing -Bond Inclusive Investment and Financing - Financial Products Social Investment and Financing -Equity Social Investment and Financing -Bond Social Investment and Financing - Financial Products Green Banking Green loans Green Banking Green bonds Inclusive Banking - Inclusive loans Inclusive Banking - Other Inclusive Financing Responsible Banking Social Banking Sustainable Insurance Original insurance premium income (Include Environment, Social, Inclusive ) Sustainable Insurance Insured Amount (Include Environment, Social, Inclusive ) Sustainable Insurance Insurance product details (Include Environment, Social, Inclusive ) Sustainable Insurance Number of insurance policies (Include Environment, Social, Inclusive ) Our Independence and Quality Control We conducted our engagement in accordance with the independence and other ethical requirements in the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants. We maintains a comprehensive system of quality control applying International Standard on Quality Control 1. Basis of Our Work We conducted our work inaccordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Federation of Accountants. We planned and performed our engagement to obtain all the information and evidence which we considered necessary to form conclusions. Procedures, Scopes and Limitations of Our Work Our procedures performed included interviewing with PING AN's personnel responsible for collecting, compiling and reporting the information, analyzing the information obtained, and other procedures relevant to the collection of the appropriate evidences. Speci cally we Interviewed relevant sta responsible for providing the underlying data for the selected information, to understand the procedure of identifying stakeholders and material issues, including relevant internal control procedures. Reviewed data and supporting documents to understand the coverage of those identi ed material issues and how it is implemented at a corporate level. Established the Subject Matter and assurance standard in the independent and limited assurance on the Report with PING AN. Based on limited sampling, evaluated information or explanations about selected data, statements and assertions in the Report inaccordance with our work results, and as well as the reporting systems and processes of related to the selected information. In a limited assurance engagement, the evidence gathering procedures are less in scope thana reasonable assurance engagement. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on the e ectiveness of any of the PING AN's management systems, business processes, and related nancial performance data. We only performed above assurance work at Shenzhen and Shanghai headquarters of PING AN, not including any branches and subsidiaries, we did not interview with external stakeholders. Moreover, the scope of this work does not include historical comparative data and nancial data. Our Conclusions Based on our work performed, nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that there is any material misstatement related to the Subject Matter in the Sustainability Report. This is translation of the Chinese language version of the Independent Assurance Report. If there is any con ict between the Chinese and English version, the Chinese version will prevail.
112 113 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Indicator Indexes GRI Standards Index GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 1021 Name of the organization Open(About this Report) P 8 GRI 102 1022 Activities, brands, products, and services GRI 102 1023 Location of headquarters GRI 102 1024 Location of operations GRI 102 1025 Ownership and legal form GRI 102 1026 Markets served GRI 102 1027 Scale of the organization GRI 102 1028 Information on employees and other workers Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 99 GRI 102 1029 Supply chain P 85, P 104 GRI 102 10210 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain Sustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chains)P 85 GRI 102 10211 Precautionary principle or approach Sustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management)P 2429 GRI 102 10212 External initiatives Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Sustainability Management System)P 23 GRI 102 10213 Membership of association GRI 102 10214 Statement from senior decisionmaker Open(Executives Statement) P 7 GRI 102 10215 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities Sustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management)P 24 P 29 GRI 102 10216 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Philosophy of Sustainable Development) Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 18 P 59 P 60 GRI 102 10217 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 59 P 60 GRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 10218 Governance structure Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P 22 GRI 102 10219 Delegating authority GRI 102 10220 Executivelevel responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics GRI 102 10221 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 19 GRI 102 10222 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System), Refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of the Annual ReportP 22 GRI 102 10223 Chair of the highest governance body Refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of the Annual Report GRI 102 10224 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body GRI 102 10225 Conflicts of interest Refer to the Risk Management section of the Annual Report GRI 102 10226 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P 22 GRI 102 10227 Collective knowledge of highest governance body GRI 102 10229 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts P 24 P 29 GRI 102 10230 Effectiveness of risk management processes Sustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management) GRI 102 10231 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 20 GRI 102 10232 Highest governance body's role in sustainability reporting Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System), Appendix (Statement of the Board of Directors)P 22 P 108 P 109 This report is prepared inaccordance to GRI Standard Core option.
114 115 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixGRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 10233 Communicating critical concerns Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P 20 GRI 102 10234 Nature and total number of critical concerns GRI 102 10235 Remuneration policies Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance), Refer to the section Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees in the annual reportP 58 GRI 102 10236 Process for determining remuneration Refer to the section Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees in the annual report GRI 102 10240 List of stakeholder groups Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 19 GRI 102 10242 Identifying and selecting stakeholders GRI 102 10243 Approach to stakeholder engagement GRI 102 10244 Key topics and concerns raised Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 20 GRI 102 10245 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Open(About This Report) P 6 GRI 102 10246 Defining report content and topic boundaries GRI 102 10247 List of material topics Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 20 GRI 102 10248 Restatements of information Open(About This Report) P 6 GRI 102 10249 Changes in reporting GRI 102 10250 Reporting period GRI 102 10251 Date of most recent report GRI 102 10252 Reporting cycleGRI Standards Index GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 10253 Contact point for questions regarding the report Open(About This Report)P 6 GRI 102 10254 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI StandardsP 112 GRI 102 10255 GRI Content Index Appendix (Indicators Indexes) P 112 P 117 GRI 102 10256 External assurance Appendix (Independent Third Party Assurance Report)P 110 P 111 GRI 103 1031 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P 20 GRI 103 1032 The management approach and its components Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P 22 P 29 GRI 103 1033 Evaluation of the management approach GRI 201 2011 Direct economic value generated and distributed Open(Annual Awards and Recognition)P 14 P 15 GRI 201 2012 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Climate Change Strategies)P 29 GRI 201 2013 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Sustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 58 GRI 202 2021 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 101 GRI 203 2031 Infrastructure investments and services supported Sustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing) Feature on ResponsibilityP 66 P 67 P 44 P 53 GRI 203 2032 Significant indirect economic impacts Sustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing; Stainable Insurance) Feature on ResponsibilityP 66 P 67 P 71 P 44 P 53 GRI 205 2051 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Sustainable Business and Operations (Transparent Corporate Governance), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 59 P 60 P 97 GRI 205 2052 Communication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures
116 117 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixGRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 302 3021 Energy consumption within the organization Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 98 GRI 302 3022 Energy consumption outside of the organization GRI 302 3023 Energy intensity GRI 302 3024 Reduction of energy consumption GRI 305 3051 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions GRI 305 3052 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions GRI 305 3053Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions GRI 305 3054 GHG emissions intensity GRI 306 3062 Waste by type and disposal method GRI 307 3071 Noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations No violation of environmental laws and regulations GRI 308 3081 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Sustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chains), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 85, P 104 GRI 401 4011 New employee hires and employee turnover Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 101 GRI 401 4012 Benefits provided to fulltime employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees Sustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 79 P 82 GRI 401 4013 Parental leave P 79 GRI 404 4041 Average hours of training per year per employee Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 102 GRI 404 4042 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Sustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 81 GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator Category Indicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 405 4051 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 97 P 99 P 101 GRI 405 4052 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to menP 101 GRI 414 4141 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Sustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chain), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 85, P 104 GRI Standards Index
118 119 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixESG Content Index of HKEX ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References E NVIRONMENT A 1 Emissions Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste Sustainable Development Business and Operations(Green Operation)P 86 P 88 A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data Appendix (Annual Key Performance) P 98 A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Not applicable A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Appendix (Annual Key Performance) A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them Feature on Responsibility (Green Finance for Sustainable Development)P 38 P 43 A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them Sustainable Development Business and Operations(Green Operation)P 86 P 87 A 2 Use of Resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in 000 s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 98 A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them Sustainable Business and Operations (Green Operation)P 86 P 87 A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themA 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes), and if applicable, with reference toper unit produced Not applicable A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources Feature on Responsibility (Green Finance for Sustainable Development) Sustainable Business and Operations(Green Operation)P 38 P 43 P 86 P 87 A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Climate Change Strategies)P 29 A 4. 1 Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuerESG Content Index of HKEX ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References SOCIETYB 1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare Sustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 79 P 82 B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fullor parttime), age group and geographical region Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 99 P 100 B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical regionP 101 B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards Sustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 79 P 82 B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 102 B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored Sustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 82 B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activitiesP 80 B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management) Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 102 B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category Appendix (Annual Key Performance) B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour Sustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P 79 B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain Sustainable Business and Operations(Product Liability and Customer Protection)P 85 B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region P 104 B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitoredP 85, P 104 B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored P 85 B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored
120 121 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixSASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Index Included Insurance Commercial Banks Asset Management & Custody Activities) ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References SOCIETYB 6 Product Responsibility General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress Sustainable business and operating (Responsible of product customer protection)P 72 P 73 B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Not applicable B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with Sustainable Business and Operations(Product Liability and Customer Protection)P 72 P 77 B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 61 B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures Not applicable B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored Sustainable Business and Operations(Information Security and AI Governance)P 77 P 78 B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 59 P 61 B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Refer to China Judgements Online B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 60 B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P 97 B 8 Community Investment General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests Sustainable Business and Operations( Community Impact), Feature on Sustainability (Focusing on Rural Revitalization, Boosting Common Proseperity)P 89 P 93 B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport) P 89 P 93 P 44 P 53 B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area Code Accounting Metric Corresponding Section References FNIN 270 a. 4 Description of approach to informing customers about products Sustainable Business and Operations (Product Liability and Customer Protection)P 72 FNIN 410 a. 1 Total invested assets, by industry and asset class Refer to Annual Report FNIN 410 a. 2 Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in investment management processes and strategies Sustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing)P 62 P 63 FNIN 410 b. 1 Net premiums written related to energy efficiency and low carbon technology Sustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Insurance)P 70 FNIN 410 b. 2 Discussion of products and or product features that incentivize health, safety, and or environmentally responsible actions and or behaviorsP 70 P 71 FNIN 450 a. 3 Description of approach to incorporation of environmental risks into (1) the underwriting process for individual contracts and (2) the management of firmlevel risks and capital adequacy Green Finance for Sustainable DevelopmentP 24 P 29 FNIN 550 a. 3 Description of approach to managing capital and liquidityrelated risks associated with systemic noninsurance activities FNCB 230 a. 2 Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks Sustainable Business and Operations(Information Security and AI Governance)P 77 P 78 FNCB 240 a. 1(1) Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding qualified to programs designed to promote small business and community development Sustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing)P 64 FNCB 240 a. 4 Number of participants in financial literacy initiatives for unbanked, underbanked, or underserved customers Sustainable Business and Operations (Product Liability and Customer Protection)Sustainable Business and Operations(Community Impact)P 75, P 92 FNCB 410 a. 2 Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in credit analysis Green Finance for Sustainable DevelopmentP 39 FNCB 510 a. 2 Description of whistleblower policies and procedures Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P 60 FNAC 270 a. 3 Description of approach to informing customers about products and services Sustainable Business and Operations(Product Liability and Customer Protection)P 72 P 73 FNAC 330 a. 1 Percentage of gender and racial ethnic group representation for (1) executive management, (2) nonexecutive management, (3) professionals, and (4) all other employees Appendix (Annual Key Performance )P 99 P 101 FNAC 410 a. 1 Amount of assets under management, by asset class, that employ (1) integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability themed investing, and (3) screening P 106 P 107 ESG Content Index of HKEX
122 123 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Feedback Thank you for your support for the improvement of our c orpor ate sustainability pr actices. We are looking forwa rd to hearing y our feedback via email or phone call. Fax (0755) 82 431029 Zip c ode 518048 Mailing addr ess 47 F, Ping An Financial Cent er, Yitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen Email Pub CSR pingan. com. cn Telephone 9551 1 In order to provide you and other stak eholders with professional and valuable sustainability information and further improve the quality of our sustainability r eporting, please give us y our feedback and co mments r egarding the questions in the feedback form belo w thro ugh following channels By mail (Please write sustainability r eport feedback on the envelope.) By email (Please label the subject sustainability report feedback.) By Telephone Are you pleased with this r eport? Please give us yo ur feedback and comments. What do you think of the c omplet eness of the disclosure of our c orpor ate sustainability performance in this r eport? Does this report provide enough disclosur e regarding the issues that y ou ar e inte rested in? And what are these issues? Do y ou think the length of this report is adequate? Do y ou think the c ontent structur e and illustration of this report are reasonable? Any suggestions for impr ovement? Do y ou lik e the design of this r eport? Any suggestions for improvement? What ar e your suggestions for the disclosur e of our c orporate sustainability performance? Your information Name Position Fax Compan y Telephone Email Feedback CODE ACCOUNTING METRIC Corresponding report section Reference FNAC 410 a. 2 Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors in investment and or wealth management processes and strategies Sustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing)P 62 FNAC 410 a. 3 Description of proxy voting and investee engagement policies and proceduresP 63 FNAC 510 a. 2 Description of whistleblower policies and procedures Sustainable Business and Operations (Transparent Corporate Governance)P 60
Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Lt d. Yitan Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Ping An Financial Cen ter Postal Code 518048 Telephone 400 5566 338 Customer service hotline 9551 1 For mor e information at This report is prin ted on recycled paper Ping An We ibo weibo. co m pingan
