
Report Information The 2022 sustainability report (hereinafter referred to SR ) is the 17 th sustainability report of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Sinopec Corp., the Company or We ). The report introduces our sustainability philosophy and policies and our environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance (hereinafter referred to as ESG ) performances in 2022, and highlights on how we responded to the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders. This report covers our business activities from 1 January to 31 December 2022, with some content from beyond this time span for continuity reasons. The information herein comes from internal data and relevant public information. Unless otherwise specified, all monetary figures shown in this SR are expressed in RMB (yuan). Unless otherwise specified, the data in this SR covers the data of Sinopec Corp. and its whollyowned and controlled subsidiaries. The Company's Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report on 24 March 2023. The report is available in Chinese and English versions, and the Chinese version shall prevail incase of any conflict or inconsistency. The report can be downloaded at the website http www. sinopec. com listco en. Report Perimeters This report is prepared inaccordance with the Guideline for the Self Regulatory Supervision of Listed Companies of Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) No. 1 - Standardised Operation, the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide issued by Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX), Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and the criteria of the Global Compact Advanced Communication on Progress, and with reference to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the 2021 GRI Universal Standards (GRI Standards) and GRI 11 Oil and Gas Sector 2021 issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). References This report includes certain forwardlooking statements with respect to the results of our business operations and certain plans and conditions. All statements that address activities, events or developments that we expect will or may occur in the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forwardlooking statements and by their nature involve risk and uncertainty. This means that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forwardlooking statement due toa number of factors and uncertainties. The forwardlooking statements are made by 24 March 2023 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forwardlooking statements unless required by an appropriate regulatory authority. Disclaimer Letter from Chairman Board's Statement on ESG Governance About Us Recognition and Awards 01 03 04 05 Environmental Performance Social Performance Key Performance 103 105103 Independent Assurance Report 107 114 114 115 HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index UNGC Ten Principles Index TCFD Index UNGC Advanced Level Criteria Index Report Content Indexes 111111 Feedback 11607 Building a Solid Safety Defence Line 65 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security 67 69 70 71 74 75 76 Sustainability Management Governance System Business Integrity and Operation Compliance Risk Management and Internal Control Technological Innovation Digital and Intelligent Development 09 14 25 2817 24 Corporate Governance 29 Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents 77 Addressing Climate Change Climate Strategies and Actions Reducing GHG Emissions Promoting Energy Transition 31 37 43 Respecting and Protecting Human Rights Human Capital Management Employee Training and Development Employee Care 79 81 83 86 Protecting the Environment 49 Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation 51 54 57 57 59 61 62 Contributing to Social Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Communication and Engagement Product and Service Management Promoting Winwin Development of the Industry 89 93 95 98 10287 CONTENTS
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 01 02 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility measures to strengthen hazard inspection and rectification while increasing supervision on key links. These actions were instrumental ineffectively reversing the negative situation. We strengthened the implementation of safety responsibilities, promoted the efficiency of the HSE system, and strengthened emergency management, thereby improving our emergency response capacity. By optimising the allocation of safety equipment and improving the working environment, we have consolidated the foundation of occupational health management, effectively ensuring the physical and mental wellbeing of our employees. We strive to fulfil social responsibility. We have made every effort to ensure the supply of petroleum and petrochemical products, maintaining the stability of our industrial chain and supply chain. Our performance in serving the Beijing Winter Olympic Games and the Winter Paralympic Games was highly recognised by all parties. We actively explored distinctive modes of rural revitalisation to promote industrial development with marketing support, boost revitalisation by industry, and enhance rural development through education. During the emergency rescue and disaster relief tasks, we always took promotive actions and donated funds and relief supplies. We further implemented public welfare and charity projects such as Spring Bud Gas Station Programme, Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme, and conducted international business with the concept of paying back to the local communities and contributing to the local economy, and continued to improve our image as a responsible international company. Looking ahead to 2023, Sinopec Corp. is determined to accelerate to become a worldleading company, further integrate ESG into all aspects of corporate strategic planning, production and operation, strengthen the toplevel design of ESG governance, and consolidate its management foundation, actively participating in the construction of China's ESG ecosystem. We hope to work with stakeholders to promote sustainable development, enter a new stage of highquality development, and confidently write a new chapter of Sinopec following the Chinese path to modernisation. We cherish your valuable suggestions for the Company's sustainable development and look forward to joining hands with you to build a better life and create a brighter future! gas production records, reaching a reservereplacement ratio of 165, and ensuring natural gas supply for the warmth of millions of households during the heating season. Regarding oil refining and marketing, we have supplied cleaner VIB refined oils and ensured stable supply of refined oil products. We are actively promoting the development of the domestic hydrogen energy industrial chain, ranking the first globally in terms of hydrogen refuelling stations in operation and under construction. We have accelerated the development of charging and battery replacement infrastructure and built over 1, 000 charging and battery replacement refuelling stations. Our business inwind power, photovoltaic, and other sectors also developing well, and our biojet fuel business has achieved largescale production and application. We strive to improve our green and lowcarbon competitiveness. We are committed to promoting carbon peaking and carbon neutrality in an integrated and orderly manner with the launching and implementation of the Action Plan for Carbon Dioxide Peaking Before 2030. Adhering to the principle of reducing carbon emissions of existing energy consumption, lowering carbon emissions of energy consumption increment, seeking zero carbon emissions, and developing carbonnegative technologies, we have completed and put into operation China's first milliontonne CCUS demonstration project. This achievement has made Sinopec Corp. a technology company with a complete carbonrelated industrial chain. We have comprehensively strengthened our environmental compliance management, established a supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and conducted environmental compliance verification of construction projects. We have continued to deepen pollution prevention and control actions and effectively implemented our Green Enterprise Campaign. We promoted the protection and restoration of major ecosystems and launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Project. We strive to strengthen technological innovation. We have accelerated the cultivation of innovative enterprises, continuously strengthened the wholeprocess innovation from basic research to industrial application, and achieved numerous key innovation results. We have made significant breakthroughs in key technologies such as large tow carbon fibre and highgauge polybutene 1, and new progress in major technologies including the exploration and development of ultradeep oil gas, direct crude oil cracking for producing ethylene, and special rubber. We actively promoted digital transformation and enhanced the digitalisation and intelligentisation of our business via demonstration projects such as Industrial Internet. We strive to build a solid line of defence for safety. In response to the oncesevere situation of safety production, we took decisive Letter from Chairman Dear Friends, On behalf of the Board of Sinopec Corp., I would like to express our sincere gratitude for your continued attention and support! Sustainable development is a golden key to addressing the current global challenges. ESG, as a tangible manifestation of a company's development philosophy at the microlevel, aligns closely with the Chinese government's fundamental principles of highquality development and harmonious coexistence between man and nature. Strengthening ESG governance is a crucial step in fully and accurately executing the new development concept and an inherent necessity for promoting highquality economic and social growth. As we navigate through the complex challenges of geopolitical conflicts, energy security, and climate change in 2022, Sinopec Corp. - an integrated energy and chemical company anda LEAD member of the United Nations Global Compact - is resolutely committed to sustainable, lowcarbon, safe, and responsible development. We have fully integrated environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations into our corporate operations and development strategies. In the past year, we have made significant progress in strengthening corporate governance, ensuring a secure and stable energy supply, promoting green and lowcarbon development, driving technological innovation, enhancing safety management, and fulfilling social responsibility. We strive to improve our corporate governance. The Board of Directors is wholly dedicated to enhancing strategic planning and has thoroughly deliberated and approved the Company's medium and longterm development plans. Our independent directors have carried out their duties and offered valuable suggestions for corporate reform and development. We have revised multiple governance policies to consolidate the institutional foundation for standardised governance and deepened the construction of internal control system to continuously improve its effectiveness. For the first time, we repurchased shares both domestically and overseas to increase our value and shareholder returns. We deeply promoted the Demonstration Action for Scientific and Technological Reform to stimulate the impetus and vitality of technological innovation. We have formulated and implemented the Sinopec Medium and Longterm Talent Development Plan in the 14 th Five Year Plan Period to build a team of highquality and professional talent. We carried out regular audits and supervision to strengthen anticorruption and continuously enhance our compliance management. We strive to ensure a secure and stable supply of energy. Regarding upstream oil and gas exploration and production, we have improved our reserve capacity, stabilised oil and gas production, and reduced costs. We have also increased investment in oil and gas exploration and production, achieving new domestic oil and Ma Yongsheng, Chairman March 24, 2023
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 03 04 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Board's Statement on ESG Governance About Us The Company's Board of Directors made the following statement inaccordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ). The Board of the Company promises that the Company and its Board of Directors strive to follow the Requirements of the Guidelines for the Governance of Listed Companies issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines issued by Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and continuously optimise its environmental, social and corporate governance mechanism. We will further strengthen the Board's role in supervising and participation in ESG related issues, and vigorously integrate ESG considerations into the Company's major decisionmaking processes and various business practices. Sinopec Corp. was established on February 25 in 2000, listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange and London Stock Exchange in October 2000 and the Shanghai Stock Exchange in August 2001. Sinopec Corp. is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in China, with its business scope allover the world, mainly including oil and gas exploration and production, oil refining, oil sales and chemical industry. It is a large oil and gas and petrochemical product manufacturer in China and has a complete sales network of refined oil and chemical products in China. The Board of Directors is the highest responsibility and decisionmaking agency, bearing the ultimate responsibility for Sinopec Corp.'s ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and deliberating the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainability and ESG strategies and plans; overseeing the commitments and performances of the Company on key ESG issues such as climate change, environmental protection and compliance management; overseeing key information regarding sustainability issues related to the Company's businesses and approving the Company's annual The Company attaches great importance to ESG management, adheres to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, and sharing, and deeply implements development strategies of valueleading, marketoriented, innovationdriven, green and clean, open and cooperation, and talents to revitalise the enterprise. The Company analyses ESGrelated risks and opportunities in the context of macro policies, socioeconomic The Company has established an ESG target management mechanism, and set up ESG performance targets in its development plans and key tasks, such as clean energy, climate change, environmental protection, resource utilisation, safe production management, occupational health and safety, anticorruption and compliance, etc. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the progress of the targets and reports it to the Board of Directors. To ensure the achievement of these targets, Board's Role in ESG Governance ESG Management Strategy and Policy Targets, Indicators and Review of Progresses China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Board of Directors March 24, 2023 Sinopec Corp.'s main oil and gas assets are located in China. We only participate in four joint projects overseas, including UDM in Russia, Block 18 in Angola, CIR in Kazakhstan, and Mansarovar in Colombia respectively, and there is not any other oil and gas assets overseas. In 2022, Sinopec Corp.'s crude oil production was 280. 86 million barrels and natural gas production was 1, 248. 75 billion cubic feet. Sinopec Corp.'s primary refining facilities are located in China. Overseas, we hold shares in a refining joint venture project in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. processed 242. 27 million tonnes of crude oil and produced 140. 15 million tonnes of refined oil products. Sinopec Corp. has a wellestablished marketing network for refined oil products in China, with 30, 808 service stations. Sinopec Corp. sold a total of 206. 74 million tonnes of refined oil products in 2022. Sinopec Corp.'s primary chemical production facilities are located in China, producing synthetic resin, synthetic fibre, synthetic rubber, basic organic chemicals and other petrochemical products. The only overseas projects include the Sibul project and the Amur project under construction. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. produced 13. 44 million tonnes of ethylene. Sinopec Corp. is an important trader of crude oil in China, engaging in the international trade of crude oil, refined oil products and chemical products. We have four State Key Laboratories, five National Engineering Research Centres, a National Provincial Joint Engineering Research Centre, a National Engineering Lab, four National Energy R&D (Experiment) Centres, a National Testing and Evaluation Platform, and two State Certified Enterprise Technology Centres. As of the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had been granted 49, 852 patents cumulatively, of which 6, 289 were granted within the year. Exploration and Production Refining Marketing and Distribution Chemicals International Trade Technology R&Dsustainability reports; coordinating with other committees and functional departments to incorporate ESG factors into internal control, risk management, strategic planning, remuneration and incentives, etc., and reporting ESG performances and major plans to the Board of Directors. The Sustainability Committee is composed of four directors, including one independent director, with Chairman of the Board serves as the chairperson of the Committee. The Committee convenes at least once each year, and can hold ad hoc meetings when necessary. The Committee shall inform the Board on ESG related issues in a timely manner. environment, and the strategy, production and operation, and stakeholder engagement of the Company. It also carries out materiality analysis by conducting stakeholder research and expert consultation, to identify key ESG issues for the Company's development, continuously optimise its ESG governance and risk control, and improve the overall ESG management level. the Company signs annual performance commitment documents with management staff and subsidiaries to integrate part of key ESG performance indicators as the KPIs for key management staff. To ensure the reliability of our ESG performance indicators, the Company hired KPMG Hua Zhen LLP to conduct an independent assurance of the Sinopec Corp. 2022 Sustainability Report, and issue independent assurance opinions regarding 18 ESG performance indicators of the Company.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 05 06 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Recognition and Awards Responsible Enterprise in 2022 The only Chinese central stateowned enterprise that has won this honour for 12 consecutive years The 2022 Corporate Leadership Award Chinese Central Stateowned Enterprises ESG Pioneer 50 Chinese Central Stateowned Enterprises Responsibility Management Pioneer 30 Contribution to Sustainable Development Award by 2022 Changqing Awards China Low Carbon Model for the 12 th consecutive year The Golden Bauhinia The Best Listed Company China Securities China Newsweek International Association for Continuing Engineering Education (IACEE)China Social Responsibility 100 ForumCAIJING Magazine China Newsweek 2022 China Corporate ESG Best Social (S) Responsibility Award Sina Finance
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 07 08 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Corporate Governance 01 Sustainability Management Governance System Business Integrity and Operation Compliance Risk Management and Internal Control Technological Innovation Digital and Intelligent Development 09 14 25 2817 24
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 09 10 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sustainability Management Sinopec Corp. actively fulfils its sustainable development concept by focusing on the objective of refuelling for a better life, establishes and continues to improve ESG governance structure and ESG management policies, and promotes the integration of ESG into corporate strategy, production and operation and corporate culture. The Company keeps strengthening the CSR management and practice, and attaches importance to communications with stakeholders, to promote a winwin situation for the economy, environment and society. ESG Governance Structure Investor Relations Management and Stakeholder Engagement The Company establishes the Sustainability Committee under the Board and promotes the integration of ESG factors into corporate decisions by improving ESG toplevel design, providing a solid foundation for the Company's sustainable development. Inaccordance with relevant laws, regulations and supervision rules of securities both home and abroad, Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to investor relations management, and formulates the Sinopec Management Regulations on Information Disclosure and Sinopec Management Regulations on Investor Relations. Conforming to regulatory requirements, the Company maintains positive interaction and communication with investors through the General Meeting of Shareholders, institutional investor meetings, roadshows, investor hotlines, and online platform communication. The Company strengthens the communications with stakeholders, including government, regulators, customers, employees, communities, etc., and has established various channels for regular and special communication with multiple stakeholders to thoroughly understand their demands and expectations. The Board of Directors is the top ESG decisionmaking body, responsible for the overall planning and coordination of its ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee, with the Chairman of the Board as the chairperson of the Committee, is responsible for supervising and deliberating the Company's ESG strategy, targets and annual plans, and reporting ESG implementation results and major plans to the Board of Directors. Both the Strategy Committee and the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors also participate in the deliberation and decisionmaking of the Company's ESG risk management and other related issues such as addressing climate change and protection of health and safety. Our headquarters is responsible for the overall coordination and implementation of the Company's ESG management, and functional departments, such as Energy Management and Environmental Protection, Security Supervision, Human Resources, Enterprise Restructuring and Legal are responsible for the management of specific ESG issues. Our subsidiaries operate in accordance with the Company's ESG management policies, ESG master plan, targets and tasks. Business performance Address climate change Greenoriented transition of energy Invest in new energy Research and innovation Risk management and operation compliance Information disclosure required bylaw Performance release and meeting Teleconference and online interaction Website, investor hotline, visit and roadshow Capital market conference Business ethics and anticorruption Risk management and operation compliance Invest in new energy Address climate change Ensure energy supply Taxation and job creation Research and innovation Daily communication and reporting Discussion and seminar Project approval Government supervision and regulation Quality of products and services Invest in new energy Ensure energy supply Research and innovation Digital transformation Daily service communication Customer visits Questionnaire survey Website, We Chat and other online media Workplace health and safety Training and career development Diversity and equal opportunity Respect human rights Collective negotiations and employee representative conference Visit and research Annual commendation Regular trainings Corporate cultural activities Website, We Chat and other online media Community communication and engagement Taxation and job creation Responsible supply chain Support common prosperity Corporate philanthropy Onsite research Community communication activities Open Days Complaint hotline Media communication Address climate change Greenoriented transition of energy Pollution and emission management Biodiversity and land use Resource recycling and reuse Water resource management Project environmental and social risk assessment Environmental information disclosure Environmental performance monitoring and disclose Respond to external investigation Science popularisation activities of environmental protection Stakeholders Key Communication Topics Communication Channels Government and Regulators Shareholders and Investors Customers Employees Communities Board of Directors Sustainability Committee Corporate Headquarters HQ Departments Subsidiaries Reporting Decisionmaking Feedback Decisionmaking Feedback Reporting Approval Communication Coordination Implementation Audit Committee Strategy Committee Nomination Committee Remuneration and Appraisal Committee Anticorruption Management System Human Rights Management SystemHSE Management System Risk Management System
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 11 12 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility 2 5 8 103 17 12 116 4 14 15 1613 171819 21 209 Significance to stakeholders Materiality Analysis In 2022, the Company continued to identify, screen, and evaluate sustainability issues. This report discloses and responds to the Company's management and practical performance in addressing the 21 identified issues. The sustainability issues for 2022 remained largely unchanged from those in 2021. The relevant changes come from the indepth interpretation of the issues based on the national macropolicy guidance, such as energy supply guarantee and greenoriented transition and community communication and engagement. We studied macro policies, energy and chemical industry trends and regulatory requirements, and benchmarked with the sustainability performance of industry peers as well as business characteristics and strategic plans of the Company. We reviewed our development strategy and plans, and identified 21 issues of significance both to the Company and its stakeholders. Identification We invited both key stakeholders, such as investors and sustainability experts, and employee representatives, to evaluate the identified issues from their perspectives, and constructed a twodimensional mapping of the issues based on their significance. Evaluation Based on the materiality matrix constructed, we ranked the material issues based on their significance, and selected the issues with high significance for focused disclosure in this report. Screening Core Important Regular Significance to Sinopec Core Regular Core Issue hierarchy No. Material issue Indicator aspect Core 1 Risk management and operation compliance 2 Invest in new energy A 4 Climate Change 3 Address climate change A 4 Climate Change 4 Research and innovation - 5 Occupational health and safety B 2 Health and Safety 6 Energy supply guarantee and greenoriented transition A 4 Climate Change 7 Pollution and emissions controlA 1 Emissions, A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources 8 Corporate governance - 9 Business ethics and anticorruptionB 7 Anticorruption 10 Quality of products and services B 6 Product Responsibility 11 Digital transformation - 12 Respect human rights B 1 Employment, B 4 Labour Standards Important 13 Resource recycling and reuseA 2 Use of Resources 14 Employee training and career development B 3 Development and Training 15 Support common prosperityB 8 Community Investment 16 Biodiversity and land useA 3 The Environment and Natural Resources 17 Water resource management A 2 Use of Resources 18 Community communication and engagementB 8 Community Investment 19 Responsible supply chainB 5 Supply Chain Management Regular 20 Taxation and job creation B 8 Community Investment 21 Diversity and equal opportunity B 1 Employment
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 13 14 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility SDGs Mapping Table SDGs SDGs Sinopec Corp. Actions in 2022 Sinopec Corp. Actions in 2022 We vigorously participated in the rural revitalisation. In 2022, we provided RMB 211 million and introduced RMB 231 million in rural development support and procured RMB 1. 156 billion of products from poverty areas, including 1, 963 products, covering 22 provinces and 149 poverty alleviation counties across the country. We supported the development of specialty agriculture in rural areas. Over 16, 175 mu of quinoa were grown in 10 townships of Dongxiang County, Gansu Province, and sold over RMB 70 million all year, helping 4, 964 households grow their incomes. We respect human rights, strictly forbid the use of child labour and forced labour, and forbid any form of discrimination such as due to gender, region, religion and nationality. We strive to further increase the diversity at our workplace, such as in gender and ethnicity, and fully ensure equal opportunities for employees. We actively cooperated with the development of the new energy vehicle industry and accelerated the construction of new energy vehicle charging and swapping facilities and hydrogen refuelling stations. We spent RMB 100 million to build village roads in Dongxiang County, Gansu Province. We kept optimising HSE management to ensure continuous improvement in workplace safety, occupational health and environmental compliance. We worked together with our suppliers to promote green procurement and responsible procurement, and the percentage of our contractors certified in OHS management system keeps 100 fora long time. We disclosed our sustainability performance in our annual sustainability report to improve transparency. We promoted carbon emission reduction technologies, and strengthened the monitoring and managing of greenhouse gas emissions. We strive to create the energy conservation and environmental protection industry by promoting the development and industrialisation of CO 2 resource utilisation technology and building the whole industry chain of CCUS, and recovered CO 2 1. 534 million tonnes in 2022. We continued to implement energy efficiency improvement projects. We carried out 479 energy efficiency improvement projects throughout the year, saving 946, 000 tonnes of standard coal. We conducted site visits to enterprises along the Yangtze River, the Yellow River and other key river basins to protect the environment of the river systems. We maintained our membership in the Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW) to protect the marine environment and marine life. We took meticulous measures to prevent oil spill accidents at sea, recycle and reuse more wastewater, and decrease the amount of fresh water withdrawal. We conducted soil and groundwater assessment to prevent soil and groundwater contamination. We required all new and underconstruction projects to pass environmental impact assessment first, and identify the ecoenvironmental sensitivity of projects to avoid ecosensitive areas and ecological conservation areas. We also conducted ecological environment assessment for decommissioned facilities, and carried out ecological restoration work if needed. Our biodiversity practice was selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP 15) in Montreal, Canada. We complied with the code of business ethics, continued to improve integrity and compliance management to ensure business integrity, and implemented a zero tolerance policy for corruption and violations of business ethics to eradicate all forms of corruption. We also urged our suppliers and contractors to strengthen their security management and environmental protection efforts. We continuously supported UN Global Compact and other global initiatives, and cooperated closely with international organisations, trade associations, research orgnisations and business partners to explore cuttingedge technology development. We also continued to invest in ecommerce platforms such as EPEC and Sinopec Chememall to achieve winwin development of the industrial chain. Governance System Inaccordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Mandatory Provisions of the Articles of Association of Companies Listed Overseas and other national laws and regulations, aswell as the provisions on the supervision and administration of securities at both domestic and international levels, Sinopec Corp. has formulated the Articles of Association and other governance documents, to continuously improve the corporate governance system. Board of Directors The General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors to establish legally binding provisions on the composition, functions and authorities, rules of procedure, and other related matters of the Board and its committees. The session of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and adopting the working rules and amendments of its committees. Inaccordance with relevant laws, regulations, and the Articles of Association, all members of the Board are diligent and conscientious in exercising their professional knowledge and skills, standardising the exercise of their functions and authorities, earnestly implementing the resolutions of the General Meeting of Shareholders, and making scientific decisions for the sustainable development of the Company. In 2022, the Company held nine Board meetings with full attendance of the directors, and approved 42 motions. Relevant information about the meetings is disclosed on the websites of related stock exchanges and our corporate website in the form of announcements. Inaccordance with the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, and to ensure that independent directors have enough time and energy to effectively perform their duties, the Company stipulates in the Articles of Association that those who have concurrently served as an independent director in five listed companies are not eligible to bean independent director of the Company. Directors shall be elected or replaced by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and each Board has a threeyear tenure of office. Independent nonexecutive directors may not be reelected for more than 6 years. The Company outlines the nomination methods and procedures of directors in the Articles of Association and the Procedures for the Nomination of Director Candidates of Sinopec. Attendance of the Board Other positions of independent directors Board election As the decisionmaking body of Sinopec Corp., the Board plays a critical role incorporate governance. In strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Guidelines for the Governance of Listed Companies issued by the CSRC, the Company has clarified and defined contents such as the selections and obligations of directors, the performance and evaluation of directors, the composition and responsibilities of the Board, and the rules of procedure of the Board by establishing and improving the related system and working mechanism, to lay a solid foundation for the effective governance of the Board. The Company has included a chapter in the annual report dedicated to the Report of the Board of Directors, which fully discloses the annual performance of the Board. The Company has formulated and implemented the Board Diversity Policy, taking several factors in relation to the diversity of the Board into consideration during Board selections. These factors include professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of service, regions, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender and age, etc. This policy aims to enhance the sensitivity of the Board toa wider range of risks and effectively improve its scientific decisionmaking abilities. The present Board of Directors has extensive professional theoretical and practical experience indifferent industries both home and abroad. Their professional backgrounds include petroleum and petrochemicals, economics, accounting, finance, management, etc. As of the end of 2022, the proportion of female directors in the Company was 10. Effectiveness of the Board Diversity of the Board For details of the members of the Board, please refer to the Board of Directors section on the Company's website. We set annual water consumption targets and reduced our annual industrial fresh water withdrawal by 1 or greater yearonyear. To achieve this, we optimised water sourcing strategy to replace the use of fresh water with unconventional water resources. We upgraded water facilities in Dongxiang County to bring tap water to villages in Dongxiang County, Gansu Province. We uphold gender equality and has established the Female Employees Committee to protect the rights of female employees. We strive to eliminate gender discrimination in recruiting and promotion, and encouraged female employees to participate in democratic management of the enterprise. We paid attention to the needs of female employees during pregnancy and maternity, aswell as the physical and mental health of female employees. We provided a variety of training for our employees and organised 33 key training programmes in 54 sessions throughout the year, centralised training with 5, 732 participants, and online training with 6, 375, 520 accumulative participants, with 60 million training hours. We actively carried out education assistance, donated RMB 50 million for hardware upgrading of rural schools, trained more than 2, 000 teachers, provided financial aid to more than 1, 500 students by our employees, and dispatched 245 volunteer teachers to recipient schools, with a total duration of 1, 196 days. We protected the health and safety of our employees, and provided all employees with occupational disease screening, prevention, physical examination, and special intervention for highexposure personnel. Sinopec Corp. has maintained zero fatalities for overseas security for 15 consecutive years. The Sinopec Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) Committee adopts positive psychological care initiatives to promote the physical and mental health of our employees. We actively invested in new energy businesses to increase the share of natural gas and other clean energy in our energy supplies, with 7. 44 billion cubic metres of natural gas production capacity. We have accumulatively built and operated 98 hydrogen refuelling stations. Our biojet fuel capacity reached 100, 000 tonnes per year. We supported to construct a clean and lowcarbon energy supply system, deepening new infrastructure and services such as charging and swapping facilities and hydrogen refuelling stations, and supporting green transportation and hydrogen energy transportation development. We have built six intelligent factories and piloted digitalised and contactfree intelligent gas stations in nearly 20, 000 Sinopec service stations. We strive to support local economic development through investing, paying taxes, creating jobs and increasing localised procurement. We generated job opportunities for migrant workers and new recruits from previous employment history. We also actively recruited female employees, overseas employees and minority employees to ensure equal employment opportunities.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 15 16 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Independence of the Board The Company stipulates the terms of appointment and election procedures of independent nonexecutive directors in the Articles of Association. The number of independent nonexecutive directors shall account for at least onethird of the Board's total members. The nominators to express their opinions on the qualifications and independence of the nominees as independent directors, and the nominees shall make a public statement to declare that they do not have a relationship with the Company that would influence their independent and objective judgment. The Company confirms the independence of its independent nonexecutive directors annually. The Board reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference of the Independent Non Executive Directors in November 2021. Each independent nonexecutive director fulfils his or her duties in good faith as required by the Company's Terms of Reference of the Independent Non Executive Directors, providing independent opinions on matters such as the Company's appointment of senior management personnel, related transactions, profit distribution plans and other matters, and safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of small and mediumsized investors. Independent directors are also granted special powers, such as putting forward specific requirements for audit work, participating in the selection of external auditing agencies, proposing to convene a Board meeting, etc. By the end of 2022, the Company had four independent nonexecutive directors in the Board, accounting for 40 of its total members. Independent nonexecutive directors participate deeply in the work of each committee of the Board and contribute to the reform and development of the Company, three of whom serve as chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nomination Committee respectively. Board Committees The Company has established five committees under the Board, which are the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, and the Sustainability Committee. The committees conduct research on professional matters, and present opinions and suggestions to the Board for decisionmaking. The members of the Board committees are directors of the Company. The Chairman of the Board serves as chairperson of the Sustainability Committee to promote the indepth integration of sustainable development with the Company's operations. The Articles of Association and related policy documents can be found at Board of Supervisors The Board of Supervisors is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders by inspecting and supervising the legality of the performance of the directors and senior management personnel. To standardise the discussion methods and voting procedures of the Board of Supervisors, and improve the corporate governance structure, the Company has formulated the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the regulatory laws and regulations of listed companies at home and abroad aswell as the Articles of Association, which specifies the powers, composition, meeting system, discussion procedures, information disclosure and other contents of the Board of Supervisors. In addition to the qualifications specified in the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Articles of Association, supervisors of the Board of Supervisors must possess professional knowledge and working experience in legal, accounting or other professional fields to effectively support the stable and orderly operation of the Company. Supervisors who are not employee representatives of the Company are elected and dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and those who are employee representatives are democratically elected and dismissed by employees of the Company via employee congress or other means. According to the Articles of Association, employee representative supervisors must constitute at least onethird of the total number of supervisors. By the end of 2022, the Company's Board of Supervisors consisted of eight members, of whom three were employee representatives, accounting for 37. 5 of the Board. In 2022, the Board of Supervisors convened four meetings and deliberated on nine topics, with a 100 attendance rate of supervisors. Making recommendations to the Board on the longterm development strategies and significant investment decisions of the Company. Consists of eight directors, including Chairman of the Board, who serves as chairperson of the Committee, and three independent nonexecutive directors, who serve as members. In 2022, the Strategy Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Sinopec's 14 th Five Year Plan for Economic and Social Development and the Long Range Objectives through the Year 2035 and the Motion on 2022 Investment Plan. Researching and reviewing the remuneration policies and plans of directors, supervisors and senior managers. Researching the evaluation criteria for directors and senior managers, conducting evaluations and making recommendations. Composed of three directors, with an independent nonexecutive director serving as chairperson of the Committee. In 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Report on the Implementation of the Remuneration System for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Managers in 2021. Making recommendations to the Board on the size and composition of the Board, aswell as the selection criteria, procedures and candidates for directors and senior management personnel based on the Company's requirements. Composed of three directors, with an independent nonexecutive director serving as chairperson of the Committee. In 2022, the Nomination Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Motion on the Appointment of Senior Vice President. Making recommendations to the Board on major decisions related to the Company's sustainable development. Supervising the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainable development strategies and plans. Supervising the Company's commitment and performance on key issues such as climate change, health and safety, and social responsibilities. Composed of four directors, including Chairman of the Board, who serves as chairperson of the Committee, and one independent nonexecutive director. In 2022, the Sustainability Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the 2021 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report, the Report on Environmental Protection Work in 2021 and Work Plan for 2022, and the Report on Anticorruption Compliance Work in 2021 and the Working Arrangements in 2022. Responsible for proposing to hire and replace external auditing agencies, supervising the Company's internal audit system and its implementation, handling the communication between internal auditing and external auditing agencies, reviewing the Company's financial information and its disclosure policies, reviewing the Company's internal control system, etc. The Audit Committee consists of 4 independent nonexecutive directors, with an independent director who is an accounting professional as the chairman. In 2022, the Audit Committee convened five meetings in total to review and approve 17 topics, including the Internal Control Manual (2022 Version), the Description on the Business Performance, Financial Status and Related Matters in 2021, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd., the Report on the Implementation of Financial Derivatives Business in 2021 and the Work Plan in 2022, the Financial Report 2021, the Annual Report 2021, the Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2021, the Report on Auditing in 2021 and Arrangement of Auditing in 2022, the First Quarterly Report for 2022, the 20 F Report for 2021, the Notes on Business Performance, the Financial Status and Related Matters in the First Half of 2022, the Semi Annual Financial Report 2022, the Semi Annual Report 2022, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd. in the first half of 2022, the Report on Auditing in the First Half of 2022 and Arrangement of Auditing in the Second Half of 2022, the Third Quarterly Report for 2022, and the Report on the Implementation of Internal Audit Plan in the Third Quarter of 2022, with a 100 attendance rate. Strategy Committee Remuneration and Appraisal Committee Nomination Committee Sustainability Committee Audit Committee
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 17 18 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Remuneration and Appraisal of Directors and Senior Management Personnel The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors formulates and reviews the remuneration policies and plans for directors and senior management personnel according to the corporate policies and goals set by the Board of Directors. The Committee also takes into account the remuneration level of peer companies, aswell as their specific responsibilities and the time they paid, and puts forward suggestions on their appraisal. Meanwhile, the Committee supervises the implementation of the remuneration system, ensuring that neither any director nor their contact person participates in the formulation of their own remuneration. The remuneration structure of the Company's senior management personnel includes basic salary and performance bonus, which are implemented in accordance with the Company's Measures for the Implementation of Senior Management Remuneration. The annual performance bonus is determined mainly based on the appraisal of key performance indicators. The Company discloses the remuneration information of the Board of Directors and senior management in the annual report, which can be found in the Strengthen Compliance Management Business Integrity and Operation Compliance The guarantee of integrity and compliance management is the basis of the Company's stable and longterm development. Sinopec Corp. adheres to the rule of law and continues to improve compliance management policies and systems. The Company has developed compliancerelated systems such as Opinions on Strengthening Management in Accordance with the Law, Integrity and Compliance Management Handbook, and Compliance Management Measures, to integrate the compliance into the management system and employee code of conduct. The Company maintains high standards of business ethics, and always implements a zero tolerance policy towards corruption and violations of business ethics by strictly eliminating all relevant cases. The Company continuously strives to promote integrity and compliance management and integrity risk prevention and control. The Company has established the five inone lawbased governance plan including law, compliance, internal control, risk control and system, and promoted the construction of the compliance risk identification, monitoring, inspection and reporting operation mechanism. In 2022, the Company comprehensively classified and defined the scope of highrisk businesses, highrisk positions and key personnel. Furthermore, the Company has integrated compliance management into internal control, business processes, and individual responsibilities. During the reporting period, the Company had no major legal compliance incidents. Sinopec Annual Report 2022. The Company conducts regular market benchmarking of salary performance, utilising the results to guide subsidiaries in controlling income distribution gaps between personnel at different positions and levels. This is achieved by referring to labour market prices, improving salary competitiveness for key talents, and establishing a reasonable distribution system. To enhance its medium and longterm incentive mechanism, the Company has developed comprehensive guidelines for incentives, including the implementation rules of equity and dividend incentives for technologybased enterprises, employee stock ownership, excess profit sharing and joint investment for mixed ownership enterprises. The Company has also established other systems to encourage eligible subsidiaries to expedite the implementation of medium and longterm incentives, thereby effectively stimulating the innovation capacity and efficiency of management personnel and key employees. The Company incorporates ESG indicators into the performance appraisal in the form of obligatory targets, mainly including workplace safety (including but not limited to safety violations, accidents), energy conservation and environmental protection (including but not limited to greenhouse gas emission, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, environmental protection violation), anticorruption management, operation compliance, risk management, etc. Failure to meet the assessment targets will result in the deduction of the comprehensive appraisal scores. The performance appraisal is tied to the remuneration. For each deduction of 1 point, a certain percentage of the performance bonus, up to 20, will be deducted. Besides, the Company has set up an incentive mechanism for key ESG indicators, and established a special award for energy conservation and environmental protection, mainly awarded to subsidiaries and individuals who have make outstanding achievements in preventing environmental protection, promoting cleaner production and implementing energy conservation and carbon emission reduction. Formulating and implementing Sinopec Compliance Management Measures in 2022, aswell as special system specifications and business compliance guidelines (issued a total of 12 sets from 2020 to 2022). Publishing the revision of Sinopec Compliance Management Measures in November 2022 to further clarify the division of responsibilities, workflow, operation mechanism and other contents. Improving the compliance management system Finishing the pilot construction of the compliance management system in 14 subsidiaries in 2021 to complete the overall construction of the compliance management system and conducting compliance selfinspection via the system in 2022, to rectify relevant problems systematically. The Company formed 97 compliance management evaluation indicators inaccordance with the Sinopec Compliance Management Inspection and Evaluation Guidelines, and evaluated the compliance management of its 134 directly affiliated subsidiaries, completing the construction of the compliance management system for its directly affiliated subsidiaries. Promoting the construction of the compliance management system Identifying compliance risks in the fields of safety in production, ecological environment protection, finance and taxation, bidding, labour and employment, etc. Preparing the two lists, the compliance responsibility list of key posts and the compliance management list of key business processes. Adding the requirements for compliance risk identification and review in the comprehensive risk management matrix, and preparing the compliance handbooks for different businesses and functional departments. Preparing Risk List and Compliance Manual to integrate compliance into comprehensive risk management Formulating a series of policies and systems in terms of overseas compliance operation, specify 17 aspects and 58 specific provisions on overseas investment and operation behaviour and strictly prevent overseas compliance risks. Prioritising the prevention and control of foreignrelated compliance risks such as national security review, antitrust, intellectual property, and information disclosure, insisting on holding joint meetings and compiling monthly reports on foreignrelated legal compliance risks, and enabling effective risk prevention and response. Establishing a laws and regulations database in major overseas compliance areas. Strengthening overseas compliance risk control Making legal compliance training a compulsory course for management training, professional training, new employee training, and foreignrelated personnel training, and focusing on strengthening the compliance training for highrisk positions and key personnel. Actively promoting compliance culture and integrating the legal compliance concept into the core values of the Company. Setting up the Civil Code for Better Life column on the Company's platform, and sharing explanations of one piece of civil code every day, with a total of 398 articles published anda reading volume exceeding 30 million. In 2022, providing compliance training to 330, 000 participants, with a coverage rate of 59. 13. Creating a corporate culture of good faith and compliance Sinopec's Key Compliance Management Measures in 2022 202020 202130 202153. 76 202233 202035. 84 202259. 1359. 13 Number of Compliance Trainees (10, 000 persontimes)Employee Coverage Rate of Compliance Training ( )
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 19 20 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Employee Codes of Conduct Anti Corruption Organisation System The Employee Codes of Conduct is formulated inaccordance with the law, applying to all employees of the Company. The employees must abide by the laws and regulations of China or the country (region) where the Company operates, aswell as the rules and regulations of the Company, including the Employee Codes of Conduct. The Employee Codes of Conduct provides behaviour guidelines in areas such as health and safety, environmental protection, business conduct, ethical standards, workplace protocols, quality requirements, confidentiality, etc., and requires all employees to adhere to relevant rules such as business integrity, antidiscrimination, and information confidentiality. Any employee who violates the Employee Codes of Conduct will face disciplinary measures under the Sinopec Regulations on Punishment for Violations of Disciplines and Rules. In circumstances where the offender may be charged with a crime, the offender will be transferred to the judicial system for legal liabilities. The Company has developed and continuously optimises the Integrity and Compliance Management Handbook, which focuses on ten key areas such as corporate governance and operation, health, safety and environmental protection, social responsibility and employees' rights and interests, antimonopoly and antiunfair competition, anticommercial bribery and anticorruption, consumer rights and interests protection, intellectual property rights and data information, taxation and assets. The Company has specified 54 codes of conduct that the Company should follow and 50 codes of conduct that staff should abide by. The Board of Directors of Sinopec Corp. is responsible for leading the Company's anticorruption efforts, and the Supervision Department of the Company is tasked with organising or coordinating specific anticorruption work. Each branch (subsidiary) has a special supervisory organisation or post to implement specific anticorruption measures inaccordance with national laws and regulations aswell as the Company's regulations. The Company continues to improve its internal supervision system, ensuring that directors, supervisors, senior management personnel, and all institutions and personnel are properly supervised while exercising their management power. The Company also regularly conducts research and deploys key supervision tasks. In March 2023, the Company's anticorruption and compliance management and its performance in 2022 was reviewed by the Sustainability Committee of the Board. For details of Employee Codes of Conduct, please refer to Anti Corruption System The Company has established and continued to improve the anticorruption policy and system, which fully cover all its affiliated institutions, businesses and personnel, providing a solid guarantee for the Company's longterm and stable development. In 2022, the Company introduced several relevant systems, including the management regulations for business enterprises operated by relatives of management personnel, the interview mechanism for daily supervision, and the procedures for recording and reporting management personnel intervention in major matters. Management personnel and employees who are also CPC members must strictly abide by party regulations, such as the CPC Code of Integrity and CPC Self Discipline, the CPC Regulations on Anti Corruption, and other regulations, and are subject to relevant supervision accordingly. The Company incorporated the anticorruption assessment into the performance assessment system. The results of which are tied to salary, position, and rank adjustments. The assessment indicators mainly include three aspects the performance of anticorruption responsibilities and support for supervision institutions by the management; the performance of supervision; the performance of accountability. Regulation on the Punishment of Employees Who Violate Disciplines or Regulations Supervision and Discipline Measures of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team (Trial) Opinions on Strengthening Daily Supervision of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Institutions (Trial) Implementation Measures on Accountability for Noncompliance in Investment Management Regulations on Working Procedures for Accountability Investigation (Trial) Measures of Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision Agency for Handling Reports and Accusations Management Regulations on Business Enterprises Run by Relatives of Management Personnel (2022) Measures of Talk for Daily Supervision (2022) Recording and Reporting Procedures for Management Personnel Intervention in Major Matters (2022)Main existing anticorruption policies of Sinopec Corp. Business Ethics and Anti Corruption Management The Company maintains a zero tolerance approach to corruption and is committed to improving its anticorruption and compliance system, aswell as the supervision and management procedures. These efforts have enhanced the effectiveness of restriction and supervision on power operations and created a sound working environment with increased employee satisfaction with anticorruption management. The Company strictly abides by China's anticorruption laws and regulations, the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the anticorruption and antibribery laws applicable to the countries and regions where it operates. The Company complies with the business integrity and anticorruption regulations and commitments of its business partners and always advocates for an integrity culture. The Company strictly forbids its subsidiaries and employees, including labourers and temporary workers, from giving or accepting bribes, or engaging incorruption, fraud, or monopoly behaviour for any reason, in any form and any location. The Company also requires suppliers, contractors, and service providers to follow these requirements. When conducting business overseas, the Company strictly abides by the principles and regulations of anticorruption, anticommercial bribery, antifraud, and antimonopoly. Anti Corruption Statement The Supervision Department of the Company operates under the oversight of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and staff to ensure standardised behaviour and prevent abuse of power. By continuously optimising its internal supervision and restriction mechanisms and processes. The Department has strengthened the supervision and inspection of lowerlevel supervision institutions and standardised their supervision behaviour. Any tipoffs about supervisory authorities and supervisors will be accepted and independently investigated by specialised agencies. The Company strictly investigates and deals with corrupt practices of supervisors in accordance with its systems and relevant laws and regulations.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 21 22 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Key Efforts in 2022 The Company conducted the Anti Corruption and Integrity Education Month event, organised cautionary education by using typical cases in the Company, and set up columns in the Company's internal media to strengthen publicity and education, guiding all employees to consciously keep integrity, and creating a strong atmosphere of strict management and integrity. The Company integrated anticorruption education into business training, defined specific contents in the induction training for new employees, and provided relevant education and training to employees at all levels, achieving a training coverage rate of 100. Management personnel at all levels are also given due attention in terms of anticorruption education, with centralised cautionary education, interviews, and case studies carried out to guide and urge them to follow business ethics. In 2022, the headquarters and subsidiaries of the Company provided 2, 623 anticorruption related courses, totaling 15, 864 hours and maintained a 100 anticorruption training coverage rate. Strengthening anticorruption education comprehensively We have made continuous efforts to strengthen the construction of internal control, risk control, and compliance management systems, focusing on the restriction and supervision of power operations. We revised our internal control system based on the latest requirements of anticorruption and compliance as well as the problems found during internal audits and external inspections, reducing limitations on discretion and promoting standardised power operation through authoritative guidance. We have also made timely revisions and improvements to our investment and operation management system, aswell as the management personnel's benefits and business expenses systems, to reduce the risk of integrity. We also revised and upgraded the system for handling reports and accusations, which serves to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of our employees while ensuring that investigations are conducted inaccordance with regulations and disciplinary procedures. Continuously improving the anticorruption and compliance systems We have clarified the responsibilities of the management, supervision institutions and business departments (subsidiaries) at all levels to carry out normalised daily supervision through coordination, prompt identification and resolution of operation and management issues, and safeguard the rights and interests of shareholders and the public. Based on the actual situation of the Company, we organised and carried out special management in a timely manner to create a more sound system to further standardise the management of relevant business areas. In response to the problems found during supervision and inspection, we formulated and issued Supervision Proposals to urge relevant departments (subsidiaries) to rectify problems and loopholes, improve relevant systems and enhance management efficiency. Deeply conducting daily supervision and special governance The Company maintains astrict zero tolerance stance towards corruption. Drawing lessons from past corruptionrelated cases, the Company has conducted root cause analysis with relevant subsidiaries, strengthened employee education, management and supervision, and improved systems and procedures to prevent the recurrence of similar problems. In 2022, a total of 27 people were punished for violating the Company's anticorruption rules, and the court concluded three corruption lawsuits. Strictly investigating and dealing with corruption Number of employees participated in anticorruption trainings (10, 000 persontimes) Coverage rate of anticorruption trainings ( ) Number of disciplinary legal education training education (10, 000) Number of employees participated in CPC integrity and anticorruption trainings (10, 000 persontimes) Total number of public entries in the Business Disclosure Information System (10, 000)Indicators 105. 2 118. 7 119. 5 1. 3 1. 4 1. 4 85. 2 86. 9 88. 2 533. 78 444. 09 489. 37100 100 1002020 2021 2022 Anti Corruption and Compliance of Supply Chain The Company has developed a series of systems related to the anticorruption code of conduct for contractors and suppliers, including Management Regulations on the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics, Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, Management Regulations on Bidding and Submission of Tendering for Construction Projects, Management Measures for Material Procurement and Resources Supply, etc. In 2022, the Company expanded its focus on integrity control by adding a dedicated section in the Overall Control Plan of Engineering Construction Projects, the Project Management Handbook and the Integrity Control of Engineering Construction (Template). The Company clearly embedded integrity risk control into key project stages such as project bidding, project change, contract settlement, quality and safety management, contractor management, acceptance of projects, and onsite inspection throughout the project preparation, implementation, trial production and acceptance. We determine the risk level according to the types and causes of integrity risks and formulate effective preventive measures based on factors such as system provisions, management responsibilities, working standards and post features. The Company requires all suppliers and contractors to sign a Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics (including those registered on the EPEC online platform) to clarify the Company's requirements for business ethics and anticorruption. The Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics is legally binding as an appendix to the procurement contract and agreement. Meanwhile, the Company entrusts a thirdparty commercial credit evaluation agency to conduct corporate credit certification for suppliers, regularly monitors the credit changes and abnormal operation of its suppliers and contractors using big data technologies, and tracks their operations for any administrative sanctions or penalties for faithbreaking. By doing so, we are able to promptly identify any potential risks associated with our suppliers and contractors, and proactively avoid business risks. The Company has established explicit handling measures effectively address any violations of anticorruption regulations. Depending on the severity of the circumstances, the measures may range from issuing a warning, to suspension or termination of business cooperation, placing the offender on the blacklist, and reporting to the judicial authorities for criminal prosecutions, etc. For registered suppliers of the EPEC platform who violate relevant regulations, the Company will also release the handling results on the platform. In 2022, 2, 937 suppliers passed the corporate credit certification, bringing the accumulative number to 10, 327. In 2022, six suppliers were penalised for violating the Company's regulations on business ethics. Anti Corruption Risk Assessment To ensure effective risk management, the Company considers prevention and control of integrity risk as an essential component of its risk management plan. This includes conducting regular comprehensive risk identification, with a focus on anticorruption and compliance risks. The Supervision Department regularly reports the overall state of anticorruption and important matters to the Sustainability Committee and the Board. The Company prepares major risk management reports every quarter. According to the risk assessment in 2022, the Company's integrity risk is controllable, without significant changes in risk levels. Management Regulations on the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects Management Regulations on Bidding and Submission of Tendering for Construction Projects Management Measures for Material Procurement and Resources Supply Anti Corruption and Compliance Management Systems for Suppliers and Contractors Guangdong Company builds the first Integrity Culture Demonstration Station and organises employees to learn and visit the Integrity Culture Wall
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 23 24 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Risk Management and Internal Control Intellectual Property Protection The Company strictly abides by the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, national criminal law, tort liability law, patent law, trademark law, copyright law, antiunfair competition law, and other relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual property protection, fully undertaking intellectual property protection work. Based on these legal norms, the Company formulates and continuously amends Tax Management The Company formulates tax management measures and other relevant systems. The Company adheres to the principle of paying taxes according to the law, and conscientiously fulfils its tax obligation incompliance with the relevant tax policies and regulations of the country or region where the business is located, aswell as the Company's management systems and operating specifications. With a strong focus on accurate and timely tax payments, we maintain authentic and complete taxrelated data and records to meet regulatory requirements and disclose tax information in accordance with applicable regulations. We support and respond to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project, and commit to paying taxes according to the law in the place where economic activities take place and where business value is created, making due contributions to social and economic development. In 2022, the Company further strengthened tax management. In addition to closely monitoring the issuance of new tax policies by the Chinese government, the Company increased its investment in education and training initiatives focused on tax policies. By promoting the integration of industry, finance, and tax, the Company was able to optimise taxrelated business processes, and enhance the policy understanding and application abilities of its tax management personnel, providing a solid foundation for the highquality development of the Company. To ensure strict prevention of tax risks, the Company continues to improve its internal control system and workflow, and established a quantitative assessment model of tax risks as well as adynamic monitoring and early warning mechanism by leveraging information and digital technologies. In 2022, the Company also organised its subsidiaries to conduct tax selfinspections and promoted compliance awareness. The Company achieved solid results in compliance control at sources and during relevant processes, aswell as result monitoring. In addition, the Company established and improved the longterm mechanism from the aspects of improving management systems, standardising internal processes, optimising the information system, and promoting the normalisation, institutionalisation, and precision of tax risk prevention and control, effectively enhancing the Company's abilities to prevent and control tax risks. In 2022, the Company had no major taxrelated litigation or arbitration incident. Petition and Whistle Blowing Mechanism The Company has setup unimpeded petition and whistleblowing channels, including mail, phone, email and facetoface reports. Reporting channels Handling procedures Reviewing materials. Review the written materials of allegations received to master the basic information of the whistleblower, major problems, the nature of the problems, etc. Summarising and registration. Summarise the main contents of the complaint materials according to relevant regulations and enter them into the petition and whistleblowing management system. Handling. The handling personnel shall put forward suggestions for handling the problems reflected in the complaint materials, and submit them level by level to relevant responsible person of the supervisory authorities for approval before handling. Statistical analysis. The Complaint Management Department regularly makes statistics and comprehensive analysis of the handled data. Protection of the whistleblower The Company fully complies with applicable national laws and regulations on whistleblower protection, regards the protection of whistleblowers' privacy as a significant responsibility, enhances the internal confidentiality mechanism and formulates the Company's approaches to accusations. The Company allows anonymous reporting and stipulates that the whistleblower's handwriting, network IP address, and other information shall not be investigated without authorisation. If the whistleblower is suspected of making false accusation, framing, or other violations of discipline and laws, the investigation of his identity should follow the approval process. Those who intentionally disclose the whistleblower's information or retaliate against the whistleblower will face serious consequences once verified. relevant policies and systems, such as the Sinopec Measures for Patent Management and Opinions on Strengthening the Legal Protection of Intellectual Property Rights to provide clear implementation regulations on the Company's patent management and the legal protection of intellectual property rights. Comprehensive Risk Management The Company has established a networked risk management system which takes each management layer as the main body and each professional field as the mainline, inaccordance with the principle of layering, classification, and concentration. The Company's Comprehensive Risk Management Measures clearly defines risk management duties, fundamental procedures, information system construction, risk management culture, assessment and supervision across all departments. Subsidiaries of the Company have also formulated and improved their risk management systems, to make institutional settings more scientific, management functions more effective, rights and responsibilities more coordinated, and ensure that there are rules and laws to follow for risk prevention and control. The Company carries out comprehensive identification of primary and significant risks and critical points of annual risk management every year and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. In 2022, the Company conducted multidimensional major risk identification and assessment focusing on the prevention and resolution of major risks and the recommendations of the annual risk assessment list proposed by internal and external consulting agencies. To further enhance risk management, the Company developed a quantitative indicator system for major business risks, which involved sorting out the attributes of various risk indicators, collecting historical data from the past 3 to 20 years, and establishing a standardised risk management index file. Each department has formulated relevant countermeasures to effectively deal with risks according to the risk indicators. In addition, the Company insists on carrying out risk management training, and fully integrates risk internal control into various business training, to comprehensively improve the risk management skills of employees. In 2022, 1, 150 employees participated in risk management training. Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to managing the risks that arise during the Company's development process. To this end, the Company continues to improve the comprehensive risk management system, optimises the risk identification and response mechanism, organises comprehensive risk assessment, conducts targeted management on annual primary and significant risks, and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. Meanwhile, the Company continues to improve its internal control system, and strengthens supervision and management of internal control to maintain sustainable development. In 2022, the Company had no significant risk incident, and had no incident of litigation such as antiunfair competition and antimonopoly. The Audit Committee, setup under the Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing risk management and reporting to the Board. The Committee evaluates the Company's annual comprehensive risk management report and conducts timely hearings on significant internal control and risk problems. The Company has developed its relevant departments to manage risks linked to environmental protection, addressing climate change, production safety, finance, legal affairs, anticorruption, and overseas security. Each department collects risk information through multiple channels, conducts research and judgment, and then takes effective measures to actively deal with risks. Inaccordance with the requirements of comprehensive risk management, subsidiaries and professional companies of Sinopec have set up their comprehensive risk management leading groups to promote the effective implementation of risk management. Risk Management Framework We summarised, analysed and sorted the major risks of the Company in 2023, and formed alist of major risks such as market competition and price risk, macroeconomic risk, HSE risk, international operation risk, technological innovation risk, energy security risk, compliance risk, stability risk, etc. Based on the risk list, we clarified the division of responsibilities, and prepared the Sinopec's Annual Comprehensive Risk Assessment Report in 2023. Positive Achievements in Annual Risk Identification and Assessment Questionnaire investigation. We organised 2, 576 employees from the headquarters and subsidiaries to carry out risk assessment from the two dimensions of risk occurrence possibility and impact level. Collecting risk reports. We collected the major risk reports of the leading risk prevention and control departments of the headquarters, and organised subsidiaries to carry out risk assessment, requiring them to report their top ten major risks. Specific analysis and research. We entrusted the internal and external consulting agencies to identify, study and analyse the main risks faced by the Company in 2023, and compiled a risk assessment report.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 25 26 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility The Company continues to improve the support and guarantee mechanism for tackling key technological problems, and continues to smooth the path of technological achievements transformation. We organised to formulate the Implementation Plan of the Being the First to Accept Challenges and Horse Racing New Science and Technology Projects, launched the first batch of the projects, and built a competitive mechanism for tackling key core technologies, to unlock innovation potential and stimulate innovation vitality within the Company. The Company continues to strengthen the construction of the basic research capacity system. We organised the preparation of medium and longterm plans for basic research, to further strengthen the toplevel design and system layout of strategic basic research. Initiatives such as the Programme for Supporting Young Doctors encourage Stimulating Innovation Vitality Internal Control Management The Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and optimising the Company's internal control system and ensuring its effective implementation. The Audit Committee of the Board is tasked with supervising and evaluating the Company's internal control. The Company established a comprehensive risk management leading group to promote the construction of the internal control system, and set up a specialised agency at the headquarters to organise and implement work related to internal control, and corresponding organisations undertook the daily internal control management at each branch or subsidiary. Core Technologies Breakthrough The Company maintained its focus on core technologies and achieved significant advancements in various fields of technology research and development in 2022. Implement a twolevel internal control system. The Company has formulated the Internal Control Handbook for the Headquarters and the Internal Control Handbook for Subsidiaries (Framework). The subsidiaries are required to follow the framework requirements of the headquarters and develop detailed rules for the implementation of internal control based on their actual situation. The Internal Control Handbook for the Headquarters covers the general principles, companylevel system, businesslevel system, authoritative guidelines, inspection, evaluation and assessment methods, etc. Among them, the companylevel system includes four parts internal environment, risk assessment, information and communication, and internal supervision. The businesslevel system covers 24 categories such as capital activities, procurement, and production. The Company established a mechanism for amending the internal control system to identify defects in the system and relevant processes and dynamically update and adjust the system according to policy requirements, market changes, new business formats, and other factors. The Company's internal control system is supported by three lines of defence, including daily supervision by business departments, special supervision by internal control departments, and comprehensive supervision by audit, patrol inspection, and discipline inspection and supervision departments, achieving full coverage of annual selfassessment of all subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has integrated the daily work of internal control, the inspection and evaluation of internal control, and the implementation of rectification into the annual performance appraisal system of management at all levels, assessed and provided cash incentives for the performance of annual internal control. In 2022, KPMG, an external auditor, conducted internal control audits of 43 subsidiaries of the Company, covering monetary capital management, asset management, project management, contract management, information system and other businesses. The Company promptly addressed and corrected any issues uncovered during the audit process, and no major and prominent defects have been found during the auditing. Improving the internal control system Strengthening the supervision and evaluation mechanism Implementing internal control auditing Sinopec Corp. is committed to building itself into a technologyleading enterprise, and remains dedicated to the implementation of its innovationdriven development strategy, striving to achieve breakthroughs in core technologies, strengthening major basic research at the forefront, and promoting reform of the technological system and mechanism. This includes a continuous effort to improve the efficiency of scientific and technological innovation to support and lead highquality development. Technological Innovation In May 2022, China's first 100 thousand tonnes year biojet fuel production unit was successfully put into largescale trial production and won the first global RSB sustainable biojet fuel certificate in Asia. In December, the first commercial cargo flight in China using sustainable jet fuel completed its first international flight, marking Biomass Energy the shift from largescale production towards largescale application of China's biojet fuel by independent research and development. Compared with those of traditional petroleumbased jet fuel, the carbon emissions of biojet fuel in the whole life cycle can be reduced by more than 50. The Company has accelerated energy transformation and industrial upgrading. It has comprehensively promoted the construction of the entire hydrogen energy industrial chain, achieving breakthroughs in fields such as hydrogen refuelling stations, hydrogen production technology, hydrogen fuel cells, and hydrogen storage materials. The selfdeveloped megawatt Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolytic water hydrogen production device was successfully launched in Yanshan Petrochemical Company, producing qualified highpurity hydrogen. It marked the industrial application of Sinopec's complete technology of PEM electrolytic water hydrogen production. We developed a complete set of hydrogen purification technologies for fuel cell vehicles, and built a 3000 Nm 3 h purification unit and a 1000 tonne primary hydrogen supply station. Through tackling key challenges, we have also developed a standard system for the design, construction, and operation of hydrogen refuelling stations and oil Hydrogen Energy Industrial Chain and hydrogen coconstruction stations, which has supported the commercial operation of five highly integrated hydrogen refuelling stations and oil and hydrogen coconstruction stations. We also built six regional hydrogen detection and quality inspection labs, and obtained the first national hydrogen detection CMA certification and CNAS approval, providing strong support for building China's leading hydrogen energy company. In response to the fastgrowing hydrogen energy industry and the rising need for largescale hydrogen storage, Sinopec Corp. has undertaken engineering and technical research on ultrahighstrength highpressure hydrogen storage materials and equipment, aswell as a large doubleshell vacuum insulated liquid hydrogen spherical tank. This effort lays the groundwork for storage tank expansion tests and relevant industrial applications, and provides robust technological support for Sinopec's development of green hydrogen energy. exploration of basic and disruptive technology fields, while the Seed Programme focuses on emerging fields like new refining and chemical processes, and new chemical materials. We carried out pilot programmes of forwardlooking, original, innovative and creative projects for key universities and institutions, and continued to deepen the integration of industry, universities, research and utilisation. The Company has deeply implemented the Technological Reform Demonstration Action. A total of eight research institutions directly under the Company have made substantial progress in optimising the innovation system, clarifying the main research directions, exploring innovative management modes and continuously increasing the vitality of innovation power.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 27 28 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Digital and Intelligent Development Sinopec Corp. focuses on energy transformation and industrial upgrading, and vigorously promotes digital and intelligent transformation. The new model of data platform application has proven to be highly efficient in supporting the Company's management innovation, business innovation and commercial model innovation. In 2022, the Company achieved a leading position in the domestic industry with regard to its efforts towards digital and intelligent transformation. For example, our practice of businessdriven digital transformation won the first prize in the National Enterprise Management Modernisation Innovation Achievement Award, the integrated investment optimisation and management platform won the Excellent Award of the 2022 IDC China Future Enterprise Award, the intelligent contract service won the title of 2022 Pioneer of Industrial Intelligence, and the data service platform won the DAMA China Award for Best Product in Data Management. The indepth application of financial digital and intelligent analysis, optimised management and control of investment integration, integrated big data of industrial auditing, and intelligent operation centre has effectively improved the Company's fine management level and risk prevention ability. Deepen the application of the intelligent operation centre at the headquarters, strengthen the collection and value mining of professional data such as procurement, production and sales, promote the application of models, and effectively support the operation analysis and plan optimisation of crossbusiness sectors. Accelerate the digital and intelligent transformation in oil and gas production, refining and chemical production, oil sales and other business sectors, including online intelligent applications, the building and upgrading of intelligent factories, and the new fuel card systems. In 2022, Beijing Oil Products Company and Hebei Oil Products Company provided driveby, windowup, touchfree refuelling and hydrogenation services for the Winter Olympic motorcade. Significantly improve the informatisation level of safety and environmental protection management. The accident rate of hazardous chemical transportation has decreased significantly. Achieve companywide visual supervision of environmental protection and emissions. 40 subsidiaries have launched the carbon asset system, with the carbon mapping granularity refined to the devicelevel, reducing the carbon mapping period by half. Improving the level of digital and intelligent transformation in various fields Undertake more than 10 national pilot demonstration projects, including the Industrial Internet Production Safety programme which has successfully completed 7 pilot projects. The Digital Twin of Intelligent Ethylene Plant programme has been selected as one of the top tenAI application scenarios by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. In addition, the application of 5 G AI and other new technologies has effectively improved the level of safety, environmental protection, and production and operation. Industrial digital upgrading The Hohhot data centre was completed and put into operation. Our backbone network was upgraded to enhance the capability of mutual backup of applications, cloud resources, and video conference support. Information infrastructure capacity enhancement Enhancing External Cooperation Sinopec Corp. took proactive steps to integrate into the global innovation network, actively implement the going global strategy and enhance its innovation capabilities in the open and cooperative innovation ecosystem. The Company has set up a number of overseas R&D centres, communicated and cooperated with local enterprises to carry out scientific research and provide technical support. The Company enhances the cooperation with internationally renowned research institutions, and, by the end of 2021, has successively joined the International Institute of Synthetic Rubber Producers (IISRP), International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry - Committee on Chemistry and Industry (IUPACCOCI), Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG), American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and actively participated in a variety of related activities to provide support for the construction of technologyleading company. Number of patent applications filed in the year Number of patent applications granted in the year Cumulative number of patents granted globally R&D investment (RMB 100 million)Indicators 6, 808 4, 254 38, 695 1522020 8, 045 4, 853 43, 563 2112021 8, 687 6, 289 49, 852 2252022 The Company has developed anew process of homogeneous bulk olefin polymerisation, built a 1000 tonne highspecification polybutene 1 industrial demonstration unit, and achieved stable operation at full load. Many brands of products have reached the level of similar international products. We conquered the industrial technology of 48 K large tow carbon fibre and realised the localisation We formulated the processing technology and product formula of biodegradable materials with independent intellectual property rights. Biodegradable materials such as PBST, PBAT and PBSA have been introduced to the market. Ecorigin, a biodegradable material brand featuring technical innovation with industrial influence has been established. In August 2022, the biodegradable material PBAT passed The Company continued to increase investment in CCUS technology research and development, accelerated the development of highefficiency carbon capture solvent, and completed the pilot experiment of new highefficiency ionic liquid capture solvent, reducing the average energy consumption by 40, and reducing cost by about 20. The Company built the first domestic industrial demonstration High End Materials Degradable Plastic CCUS Technologiesof key equipment. The 10000 tonne industrial plant (Phase 1) has been completed and put into operation. The product performance has reached the international advanced level, and the composite materials have been used for demonstration application. It marked the large tow carbon fibre'sentry into the stage of largescale production and application. the review of DIN CERTCO, and obtained the certificate of PBAT biodegradable industrial compost and the passport for product export to the EU. The construction of the PBT biodegradable material flexible transformation project, with a capacity of 120, 000 tonnes of PBT and 60, 000 tonnes of biodegradable material, began in October 2022. device of 50, 000 Nm 3 d Membrane gas separation processes for CO 2 capture with independent intellectual property rights, reaching an internationally advanced level of CO 2 capture with a product gas CO 2 concentration of over 96 after evaluation by thirdparty testing institutions and industrial experts.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 29 30 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Addressing Climate Change 02 Climate Strategies and Actions Reducing GHG Emissions Promoting Energy Transition 31 37 43
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 31 32 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Climate Strategies and Actions Sinopec Corp. actively implemented the major strategic decisions and arrangements of the central authorities and national governments on carbon peaking and carbon neutrality. The Company has made the Sinopec Action Plan for Carbon Peaking by 2030 as the main task in the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality work, formulated annual carbon peaking plans, and fully implemented the Eight Actions for Carbon Peaking and 33 practical measures to actively mitigate and adapt to climate change. The Company also discloses its climate change management strategies and progress in line with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Climate Governance The Company is committed to fully integrating climate change into its strategic planning, corporate governance system, comprehensive risk management system aswell as daily operation and management. The Company has established a threelevel climate governance structure, with a clear division of responsibilities at the Board of Directors - Management Level - Executive Body. This structure lays a solid foundation for improving climate governance and coping capacities. Board of Directors Strategy Committee Audit Committee Sustainability Committee Responsible for reviewing development plans, policies, and systems related to climate change, and providing the Board with suggestions on the strategic positioning and industrial layout of the Company; Responsible for reviewing and supervising the development plan and business performance in natural gas, hydrogen energy, renewable energy, energy conservation and emissions reduction. Responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing the risks and impacts related to climate change and ecological environment protection, and reviewing the list of major risks and annual evaluation reports. Responsible for supervising the commitment and performance of the Company on key issues such as climate change, and providing suggestions to the Board; Responsible for reviewing the Company's annual sustainability report and supervising climaterelated information disclosure of the Company. Management level Comprehensive Risk Management Implementation Leading Group Responsible for identifying risks and opportunities related to climate change and relevant countermeasures under the comprehensive risk management system, and reporting to the Board, the Audit Committee, and the Sustainability Committee. Executive Body Headquarters and affiliated enterprises Responsible for implementing the Company's carbon peaking and carbon neutrality strategies, and formulating department subsidiary level carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets and action plans; Responsible for implementing the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan and the Green Enterprise Action Plan, and strictly managing greenhouse gas emissions and energy efficiency targets; Responsible for the implementation of carbon asset management, carbon mapping, and carbon audits, establishing a dedicated carbon trading team to ensure the fulfilment of the carbon quota of the Company.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 33 34 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Analysis of Climate Related Risks Countermeasures Countermeasures Type of Risks Risk Descriptions Physical Risks Acute Risks Increasing frequency of extreme weather events such as rainstorms, typhoons and floods cause damage to manufacturing facilities, transportation difficulties, supply chain disruptions and other risks, leading to decreased operating capacity, increased operating costs, and reduced profitability. Extreme weather events may cause secondary disasters and production accidents, posing threats to both personal safety and ecological environment and causing economic losses. Monitor extreme weather effectively and implement early warning systems, formulate disaster emergency plans according to local conditions, carry out disaster preparedness and emergency drills regularly, and set up materials reserve for disaster prevention and mitigation. Regularly inspect the production and operation facilities and upgrade them as needed to improve disaster protection levels. Physical Risks Chronic Risks Changes in rainfall, extreme fluctuations in climate patterns and longterm average temperature rise may increase construction costs (such as due to extended construction period, early damage of equipment, etc.), and insurance costs for equipment and personnel. An increase or decrease in the average temperature may increase operating costs, such as increased demand for equipment cooling water, and increased demand for cooling and heating of production and office premises. Encourage the subsidiaries to identify the climate vulnerability of their operating regions and consider climate risks in infrastructure construction. Continue to strengthen energy conservation and emission reduction efforts, improve energy, water and other resources efficiency, and reduce dependence on natural resources. Conduct extensive climate changerelated education for stakeholders and advocate the implementation of lowcarbon and environmental protection concepts. Transition Risks Policy and Legal Risks Under the background of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, the government is shifting the focus of the dual control mechanism from energy consumption to the total amount and intensity of carbon emissions. More stringent laws and regulations will be imposed to limit or reduce carbon emissions, and promote the green and lowcarbon transformation of enterprises. This could bring compliance risks to high emission and high energy consumption industries, and increase the Company's investment in energy conservation and emission reduction, leading to an increase incompliance operating costs. The national carbon emission trading market has established and implemented a carbon quota system. In the future, key emission industries such as the petrochemical industry maybe included in the system, which could potentially increase the Company's carbon emission costs for compliance. The government is implementing stricter regulations to reduce methane emissions and venting and leaks. As a result, the Company may need to invest in improving its methane emission monitoring, reporting and verification (MRV) technical system, increase additional facilities and technical investment, and take more effective measures to minimise methane leakage. This may lead to an increase in the Company's operating costs. Promote the Green and Clean strategy, deepen the implementation of the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, and strictly control the energy consumption level; increase the application of Carbon Capture, Utilisation, and Storage (CCUS) technology and other emission reduction technologies and continue to promote clean utilisation of fossil energy, scalingup of clean energy, and lowcarbon production process. Strengthen the monitoring of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and conduct thorough inventory and verification of carbon emissions across subsidiaries; actively participate in nationallevel carbon trading, optimise the trading strategies, and meet carbon quota obligations. Conduct methane emission detection in a normalised manner, strengthen methane recycling and reduce methane emissions. Type of Risks Risk Descriptions Transition Risks Market Risks Social concern about climate change and sustainable development has been increasing. Consumers are increasingly choosing green and lowcarbon products and services, thereby reducing the demand for traditional highcarbon emission energy products. Expand the supply of clean energy products and services, build a comprehensive hydrogen energy industrial chain by taking the advantage of the excellent sales network, promote the hydrogen refuelling business, accelerate the construction of hydrogen supply centres, hydrogen refuelling stations, and charging and replacement power stations, and actively transform and develop into a comprehensive energy provider for oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity, and nonfuel businesses. Develop environmentfriendly, green and lowcarbon highperformance products, and promote the production and sales of green and lowcarbon products such as degradable plastics. Physical Risks Technology Risks To keep upwith the rapid development and updates in technology driven by the lowcarbon economy transformation, the Company will need to continuously increase efforts and investment in R&Din renewable energy, energy conservation and emission reduction technologies and other fields to provide support for achieving the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. This will lead to an increase in operating costs. Increase the investment in R&D, prioritise breakthroughs in key technologies such as lowcarbon, zerocarbon and negativecarbon, and fully complete and put into operation the first milliontonne fullscale CCUS industrial chain demonstration project in China. Transition Risks Reputation Risks Stakeholders are showing increased concern for the petrochemical industry's approach to climate change. Lack of significant action could lead to criticism from investors and other parties, potentially damaging the Company's reputation. Actively implement the concept of green and lowcarbon development, strengthen communication and exchange with related parties. Timely address their concerns regarding climate change. Actively uphold the commitments made in the Declaration on Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality of the Chinese Petroleum and Chemical Industry and to energy conservation and emission reduction.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 35 36 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Climate Action Strategies Indicators and Targets Adopting Green and Clean as one of the six strategies of the 14 th Five Year Plan, the Company places emphasis on transitioning from traditional energy to clean energy sources. The focus is on ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, and promotes the clean utilisation of fossil energy, scalingup of clean energy, and lowcarbon production Accelerate the development of new energy business with hydrogen energy as the core, take the development from hydrocarbon to hydrogen as the highest priority, and accelerate the development of China's leading hydrogen energy company with a hydrogen energy industrial chain. Promote largescale development of biodiesel and biojet fuel, and stand at the forefront of clean and lowcarbon fuel industry. Continue to expand new, green, and lowcarbon infrastructure and services, such as charging and replacement power stations and hydrogen refuelling stations, and help the development of lowcarbon transportation and hydrogen energy transportation. Actively develop photovoltaic and wind power businesses, promote the indepth integration between wind and solar green electricity and traditional businesses, and continue to increase the utilisation of green electricity. By 2025, the supply capacity of new energy will strive to reach the equivalent of 10 million tonnes of standard coal. Accelerate industrial structure adjustments, retire production capacity with high energy consumption and lowenergy efficiency, and promote industrial upgrading and efficiency improvement. Actively develop molecular oil refining, green hydrogen refining, and continue to increase the utilisation of lowcarbon raw materials. Accelerate the pace of natural gas and electricity replacement for coal, to promote a lowcarbon energy structure. Strengthen the recycling of waste oil and grease, waste plastics, and waste rubber products, to encourage the recycle and reuse of resources. Adhere to the principle of prioritising conservation, continue to implement the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, and comprehensively implement the Energy Efficiency Leadership initiative to achieve global leadership in the energy efficiency of key products. Accelerate the construction of a clean and lowcarbon energy supply system Lead the green and lowcarbon circular development of the industry Promote breakthroughs in green and lowcarbon technologies Actively participate in the global response to climate change Sinopec's Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Strategic Road Map Targets Progress In 2022, recovered carbon dioxide 1. 534 million tonnes Used carbon dioxide for oil displacement 0. 657 million tonnes In 2022, implemented new energy projects, saving 550, 000 tonnes of standard coal of energy, equivalent to a reduction of 1. 44 million tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions From 2018 to 2022, totally reduced carbon dioxide emissions 19. 68 million tonnes Recovered methane 834 million cubic metres Reduce carbon dioxide emissions The Company strives to achieve these goals by 2023 Store carbon dioxide each year Develop the annual capabilities to capture carbon dioxide Recover and utilise methane each year 12. 6 million tonnes 0. 3 million tonnes 0. 5 million tonnes 200 million cubic metres Increase investment in R&D, develop complete sets of lowcarbon processes and technologies, and promote the green and lowcarbon transition of the petrochemical industry. Promote technological R&Dand industrial applications for using carbon dioxide as raw material to produce methanol, lithium battery electrolyte, degradable plastics, and other chemical products and highend materials. Continue to research and promote CCUS technologies, and leveraged the integrated operation of the Company to build a milliontonne whole industrial chain CCUS demonstration project. Carry out methane emission reduction actions, promote the detection and repair of methane leakage, increase the recovery and utilisation of venting gas, and enhance the transformation towards closed process. Establish an internal carbon price mechanism, integrate the green and clean strategy into the whole process of the Company's development and operation, and reduce the carbon footprint of the entire product life cycle. Actively carry out exchanges and cooperation with international petroleum corporations on green and lowcarbon technologies, standards, and services to contribute the corporate practices to China's participation in global climate governance. processes. The goal is to lower energy consumption and emission intensity, firmly moving towards the targets of net zero emissions, and making the Company a benchmark for green, clean, and lowcarbon development. 20181, 010 2018226 20191, 263 2019397 20201, 290 2020600 20211, 520 2021717 20221, 534 2022834 Carbon dioxide capture (thousand tonnes) Methane recovery (million cubic metres)In the Green Enterprise Action Plan, Sinopec Corp. has set greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for the period of 2018 to 2023, and was well on track to meet the greenhouse gas emission reduction targets in 2022. Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 35 36 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 37 38 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Reducing GHG Emissions Sinopec Corp. places a strong emphasis on monitoring and controlling GHG emissions and it regularly assesses the carbon emissions of each subsidiary and establishes a scientific carbon asset management system. The Company has reduced GHG emissions by implementing energy efficiency improvement projects, researching and applying the CCUS technology, controlling methane emissions and implementing measures to strengthen the dual control management of the amount and intensity of energy consumption. Carbon Emission Monitoring and Management The Company continues to carry out GHG inventory audits and verification, which encompasses all production units and subsidiaries. Sinopec's Energy Conservation Monitoring Centre conducts internal auditing and verification of relevant data to ensure accuracy. The Company continues to optimise the accounting modules of the carbon asset management information system, streamline data collection processes, and complete the groupwide carbon audit and carbon verification of all devices, laying a solid foundation for formulating emission control measures. Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) and indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) have been included in the scope of the audit process. The carbon emission accounting shall comply with the ISO 140641 2006 standards, the China Oil and Gas Production Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines, and the China Petrochemical Enterprise Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines. Energy Conservation The Company formulated and issued the 2022 Energy and Environment Responsibility Commitment, implementing the target of strictly controlling the total energy consumption and improving energy efficiency. The Company dynamically tracked the energy intensity and total consumption control indicators of its subsidiaries, implementing various energy efficiency measures to achieve its goals. In 2022, the Company implemented 479 energy efficiency improvement projects, saving 946, 000 tonnes of standard coal. The consumption of comprehensive energy per RMB 10, 000 of production value of the Company has reached 1. 010 tonnes of standard coal, a yearonyear decrease of 0. 5. The energy conservation target of Sinopec Corp.'s 14 th Five Year Plan Reducing the consumption of comprehensive energy per RMB 10, 000 of production value by 5 by 2025. Strengthening Energy Management The Company has vigorously implemented the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan to promote the integrated regional energy efficiency improvement of oil injection, production and transportation in oilfields, energy system optimisation, lowtemperature heat utilisation and other energy conservation projects. The Company further strengthened energy measurement and statistics management, and the energy efficiency improvement and supervision over electromechanical equipment. The Company has carried out energy efficiency benchmarking activities, and developed an energy efficiency benchmarking index system, to encourage subsidiaries to strengthen energy efficiency management and improve energy efficiency. In addition, the Company organised subsidiaries to actively participate in the selection of Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Enterprises organised by national and industrial associations. In 2022, several subsidiaries won the title of Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry. Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Ethylene Production Enterprises Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Refining Enterprises Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Xylene Production Enterprises Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Enterprises of key energyusing industries in 2022 Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., ZTHC Energy, Zhong'an Lianhe Coal Chemical Co., Ltd. Key Energy Consuming Products Energy Efficiency Frontrunner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022 In 2022, the Company revised the Green Enterprise Construction and Re Check Index (2022 version), conducted quantitative evaluation and improvement on the procurement of motor transformers, the utilisation of green packaging, the optimisation of material logistics, and the disposal of waste and used materials, and promoted the implementation of green enterprise action plans with high quality. By optimising the design of the motor structure and adjusting the selection principles of raw materials, the weight of a single shell of more than 500 motors of common specifications was reduced by 10, the consumption of magnetic materials was reduced by 15, the overall operating noise was reduced by 10 to 15 decibels, and the comprehensive energy efficiency was improved by 2. 3, saving 36. 8 million k Wh of electricity and reducing RMB 25 million of electricity bills annually. Case Significant energysaving benefits brought by material and equipment optimisation Guangzhou Petrochemical Company continued to promote the implementation of the Measures for Building a World Class Green Energy and Chemical Enterprise (Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction), formulated supporting plans and organised project implementation for water, electricity, steam, wind and other public engineering systems aswell as waste heat and new energy utilisation, and sorted out and formulated 61 measures for First Class Achievements, with a total of 42 completed. Meanwhile, the company actively optimised the utilisation of resources, and accumulatively recycled 16, 850 tonnes of standard oil in 2022, which is equivalent to reducing the comprehensive energy consumption of oil refining by 1. 70 kg standard oil tonne. Case Guangzhou Petrochemical Company continued to implement the projects of energy conservation and carbon reduction The plastic film plays a great important role in the agricultural production process in terms of temperature control, moisture retention and moisture preservation. To prevent the white pollution caused by the extensive use of plastic films, Sinopec Corp. leveraged the advantage of its production, marketing, research and utilisation integration and successfully developed a green agricultural film special material with low environmental pollution, strong weather resistance, affordable price, and recyclability, which not only increased production and income for farmers, but also promoted the local to achieve green and lowcarbon development. Sinopec Corp. also made full use of its own advantages in R&D capacity and resource supply to guide local recycling enterprises to process the residual films by filmresidue separation, granulation, and reprocessing, making the films into reusable recycled materials. Through the whole process of raw material supply - film production - film paving - residual film recovery - recycling of recycled materials, the Company has formed a set of economic and propagable demonstration schemes for residual film pollution control, realised the cycle of plastics - applications - raw materials - plastics, and significantly reduced the carbon footprint of the products. The project not only helped the local to achieve green and lowcarbon development, but also effectively promoted the increase of production and income for farmers. Since the establishment of a thousandmu demonstration cotton field with highstrength weatherresistant film in Shaya County, Aksu City in April 2022, the Company has been tracking the operation of the cotton field together with local agricultural experts. During this period, the emerald cotton seedlings emerged neatly and kept growing well. The highstrength weatherresistant film paved was also in excellent condition, with almost no cracks. After cottonpicking, the head of the local cooperative said that the yield of the demonstration field was significantly better than that of the nearby fields, and the cotton blossomed earlier and whiter in colour with excellent quality. The yield per mu of the demonstration field has reached about 480 kg, anew high in recent years. The Company prioritises the research and analysis of the carbon footprint of its petrochemical products. Utilising its internal resources and expertise, it has established carbon footprint accounting and evaluation methods and accounting models for products such as jet fuel, lubricant base oil, polypropylene, and xylene, aswell as conducting a fullscale assessment of GHG emissions over the products' complete life cycle. In 2022, the Company completed the research on the carbon footprint of 16 products from 39 subsidiaries, and actively participated in the formulation of industrial standards, contributing to the transformation of corporate practice into feasible standards. Featured Case Green Agricultural Film Product Carbon Footprint
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 39 40 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Strictly Controlling Coal Consumption The Company implements strict measures to control the consumption of thermal coal, and formulated action plans for energy conservation, carbon reduction, and efficiency upgrading for coalfired thermal power units. The plan focuses on replacing highcarbon fuels, enhancing operational efficiency, upgrading equipment, and optimising processes to ensure that the energy efficiency of coalfired units is improved. The Company replaces highcarbon fuels such as coal and coke with lowcarbon options such as natural gas and fuel gas, and promotes the cogeneration of heat and power and simultaneous cooling, heating, and power generation of natural gas. The Company has strengthened cooperation with neighboring enterprises to enhance heat and power utilisation, opting for more efficient outsourcing solutions instead of relying on selfgenerated heat and power. Application of Energy Saving and Low Carbon Technologies The Company continues to strengthen R&Dand promotion of energysaving and lowcarbon technologies. Through research and innovation, the Company upgrades its energysaving methods, technologies, and equipment, and actively participates in the creation of pilot and demonstration projects to showcase the effectiveness and potential of these technologies. Through comprehensive analysis and diagnosis of the energy consumption of the whole processor whole factories, the refining and chemical subsidiaries implemented a series of improvement and innovation measures for the comprehensive utilisation of waste heat, and thereby enhanced their energy utilisation efficiency significantly. Maoming Petrochemical Company Conducted energysaving transformation of diesel hydrotreating process, and recycled the waste heat discharged from the original cooling process in the unit directly, achieving energysaving of 40. Yanshan Petrochemical Company Using the hightemperature waste heat at about 100 of catalytic, jet fuel hydrogenation and SZorb (catalysing gasoline adsorption and desulphurisation) units to drive the Type I absorption heat pump units, increase the lowtemperature waste heat of 3050, and thereby generate the mediumtemperature waste heat of 6070 as the source of heating to replace the original coalfired boiler for heating. Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Using the low temperature heat of SZorb units as the energy source to build a new lithium bromide refrigeration energy saving system with a residual hot water lithium bromide water heatexchanging model. After the project is put into operation, the annual power saving will reach 4 million k Wh, and the annual steam saving of the refinery area will reach 21, 400 tonnes. Case Comprehensive utilisation of waste heat in refining and chemical subsidiaries Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS)The Company continues to conduct key CCUS technologies and industrialisation application, and has intensified R&D investment and implemented key projects, actively promoting to build a demonstration project of the whole CCUS industrial chain. In 2022, refining and chemical subsidiaries continued to implement the recovery and utilisation of high concentration carbon dioxide generated during hydrogen production and synthetic ammonia production processes, resulting in the capture of 1. 534 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Oilfield subsidiaries used 657, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide for oil displacement and achieved remarkable results in reducing carbon and increasing oil extraction. Carbon dioxide capture (10, 000 tonnes)Indicator 129. 02020 152. 02021 153. 42022 The Qilu Petrochemical Shengli Oilfield milliontonne CCUS project The Qilu Petrochemical Shengli Oilfield CCUS Demonstration Project launched by the Company in July 2021 was completed and put into operation in August 2022. This project is the first milliontonne CCUS project in China, which serves as a model for the integration of the whole Technical features of milliontonne CCUS project Innovatively put forward the CO 2 highpressure miscible oil displacement technology, and establish the injection mode of pressure displacement alternative displacement of water and gas, which can effectively solve the problem of no injection, no production, low recovery speed and low oil recovery in lowpermeability reservoirs, and improve oil recovery and CO 2 storage. Deepen the development of CO 2 highpressure oil displacement theory and matching injection mode Optimise the first set of highefficiency lowtemperature closed loop liquid injection equipment in China, and solve key technical problems such as zero emission, lowtemperature measurement, partial pressure and partial injection. Develop and test the first set of dense phase injection device in China, filling the gap in equipment manufacturing and application in this field in China. Jointly research and develop localised liquid CO 2 multistage centrifugal transfer pump to ensure safe and stable longdistance highpressure and normal temperature liquid phase CO 2 pipeline transportation. Strengthen equipment R&D to ensure the smooth operation of CO 2 pipeline transmission and injection Develop intelligent control module of the gas injection station based on the oil and gas production command system to realise the production and operation mode of unmanned, mobile patrol and centralised control in the whole production region. Build CCUS oil casing pressure realtime monitoring and early warning module to realise realtime monitoring, analysis, abnormal early warning and disposal of injectionproduction end pressure. Build CCUS operation tracking management module to realise the summary query of gas injection and production conditions of blocks and single wells. Build a fullprocess intelligent operation and control system of CCUS to comprehensively improve the management level and efficiency of the demonstration areaindustrial chain and the upgrading of the value chain with the innovation chain. The project has established a series of technologies for the entire CCUS industrial chain that can be industrialised and scaled up, driving significant advancement in the industry. Qilu Petrochemical Shengli Oilfield CCUS Demonstration Project is put into operation in Zibo, Shandong East China Oil and Gas Company CCUS Peak Shaving Centre Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 39 40 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 41 42 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Methane Emission Control As a national pilot for carbon emission monitoring and assessment for the oil and gas extraction industry, Sinopec Corp. formulated the Sinopec Implementation Plan of Methane Monitoring and Assessment Pilot Projects, and implemented a series of measures, including personnel monitoring, satellite remote sensing, cruising observation, drone sensing, etc., to monitor the methane concentration in escape, process venting, and flare combustion. At the same time, as a member of the China Oil and Gas Methane Alliance, the Company actively undertakes the tasks of the methane detection working group of the alliance. In 2022, the Company selected Shengli Oilfield, Zhongyuan Oilfield, Southwest Oil and Gas Branch and other oil and gas fields to carry out methane detection, and collate and analyse the detection data, laying a solid foundation for the methane emission data statistics and the development of methane emission reduction measures. In 2022, our oilfield subsidiaries recovered approximately 834 million cubic metres of methane, which was the equivalent toa greenhouse gas emissions reduction of approximately 12. 5 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Participating in Carbon Trading Sinopec Corp. actively participated in the national carbon emission trading market, formulated and implemented the Sinopec Carbon Trading Administration Measures, and standardised the fulfilment of carbon quotas. The Company established a dedicated carbon trading team, made comprehensive arrangement based on carbon quota surpluses and shortages of its subsidiaries, formulated carbon trading plans scientifically, and centralised management of carbon trading, ensuring that all its subsidiaries fulfilled their carbon quotas on schedule. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. had 15 subsidiaries participated in the national carbon trading market, and 19 subsidiaries participated in pilot regional carbon trading market, with a carbon trading volume of 2. 41 million tonnes. Oilfield subsidiaries By continuously strengthening the application of closedloop mixed transmission process, we vigorously implement the recovery of casing gas, promoted the comprehensive utilisation of flare gas, and strengthened the recovery from remote scattered wells, thereby reducing methane emissions. Refining and chemical subsidiaries Refining and chemical subsidiaries continued to carry outflare elimination, promoting process management stability and efficiency and reducing flare discharge caused by production fluctuations and unexpected shutdown, and made full use of information technology to strengthen the balance management of high and low pressure gas and hydrogen, reducing the flare discharge caused by excess gas or hydrogen. In addition, refining and chemical subsidiaries optimised startup and shutdown operations, implemented closed purging measures, reducing or even eliminating the discharge of flare, strengthened benchmarking management, and established flare venting time and venting loss indicators in the refining production technology management system, urging subsidiaries to strengthen relevant management. Forest Carbon Sink Sinopec Corp. actively practises the concept of green development, vigorously promotes corporate greening management, and enhances the greening of its facility. The Company guides and encourages its employees to participate in treeplanting activities to increase forest reserves and maximise the positive effects of forests on carbon storage and ecological improvement. In line with this commitment, Shanghai Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company, Tianjin Oil Products Company, Ningbo Engineering Co., Ltd., and other Sinopec subsidiaries participated in the Ecological Protection and Restoration of the Yellow River Basin - Special Action for Voluntary Tree Planting demonstration project launched by the Office of the National Greening Commission and donated nearly RMB 500, 000 to help improve the ecological environment and land greening of the Yellow River Basin. In March 2022, before Tree Planting Day, Sinopec Corp. and the China Greening Foundation launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project on the platform of the National Voluntary Tree Planting official website. The project received warm responses from the Company's employees and the public. More than 154, 000 people participated in the donation and raised a total of RMB 6. 75 million. The Company adjusted the implementation plan according to the scale of funds, and planned to implement the afforestation area of 1, 600 mu, plant 263, 600 trees, build 17. 3 kilometres of forest roads and erect 20. 1 kilometres of fences within 2 years. In May 2022, the construction of the ecological demonstration forest project was officially implemented. By the end of 2022, the Company has completed 1, 000 mu of land preparation and afforestation and 13. 1 kilometres of management and protection fence, and planted 162, 500 trees. Case Sinopec Corp. launched the Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project of Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest In 2022 The greening rate of the industrial area of the Company was The green coverage rate was 28. 5 32. 3 Employee volunteers planted 1. 939 million trees The total amount of green space was The area of newly built or restored green space was 118. 05 million square metres 1. 869 million square metres Methane recovery Methane emissions Oil & gas exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing segment Indicators (million cubic metres) Yearonyear 834 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 412022 717 299. 90 269. 88 10. 01 20. 012021 16. 3 -15. 4 -17. 6 10. 5 2. 0
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 43 44 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Promoting Energy Transition Green and Clean Energy Strategy Natural Gas Sinopec Corp. takes green and clean as one of its development strategies, adheres to ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, actively promotes energy transformation and development, and commits to constructing a clean and lowcarbon modern energy supply system anda safe and efficient production, supply, storage, and marketing system, to achieve clean, diverse, and safe energy supply. As a fossil energy with low carbon emission intensity, natural gas plays a key role in the process of energy transition towards green and lowcarbon development. The Company accelerates the construction of natural gas production, supply, storage and marketing, and continues to enhance the natural gas supply capacity. In 2022, the Company's newly built natural gas production capacity reached 7. 44 billion cubic metres, a yearonyear increase of 610 million cubic metres. The production of natural gas was 35. 3 billion cubic metres, a yearonyear increase of 1. 38 billion cubic metres. In the future, the Company will continue to expand the scale of natural gas business, and improve the supply capacity of natural gas and its proportion in oil and gas production. Actively implemented centralised wind power and photovoltaic generation projects on refining and chemical industrial facilities, carried out the largescale renewable energy power generation - energy storage - hydrogen production with green electricity project, and gradually promote green power utilisation and green hydrogen refining, so as to achieve indepth decarbonisation in the refining and chemical sectors. Aiming at achieving the goal of lowcarbon energy for production, and clean energy for consumption, developed and used clean energy such as wind energy and solar energy available onsite, and continued to enhance lowcarbon development capabilities of the subsidiaries. Explored hydrogen energy application scenarios, invested in key processes of hydrogen production, storage and transportation, and filling, strove to gradually expand the proportion of green hydrogen supply, and actively constructed distributed photovoltaic power generation projects. Oilfield subsidiaries Refining and chemical subsidiaries Marketing subsidiaries 2018 201827639 2019 201929641 2020 202030342 2021 202133944 2022 2022353 45 Domestic natural gas production (100 million cubic metres)Proportion of natural gas in domestic oil and gas equivalent Tianjin LNG Terminals Hydrogen Energy The development of hydrogen energy is one of the essential paths to achieve the transformation of global energy structure to cleaner and lowcarbon models. With its extensive industry experience and competitive advantages in the hydrogen energy sector, Sinopec Corp. is strategically positioned to capitalise on the major opportunities for the development of hydrogen energy. The Company is accelerating the development of hydrogen energy as a core business of its new energy portfolio, with a particular focus on the utilisation of clean transportation energy and green refining hydrogen energy, and strives to build China's largest and leading hydrogen energy company with leading technologies and firstclass management. The Company leverages its industry, technology, and network resources to establish a comprehensive industrial chain of hydrogen energy production, purification, transportation, and sales. Its oilfield subsidiaries are actively developing green electricity for hydrogen production, while its refining and chemical subsidiaries are focused on building national fuelcell electric vehicle demonstration city clusters, and promote the construction of fuel cell hydrogen supply centres by utilising byproduct hydrogen resources. Meanwhile, its marketing subsidiaries are actively and steadily promoting the hydrogenation business, and collaborating with research institutions and relevant enterprises to jointly promote the construction of China's modern hydrogen energy industrial chain. Maintain the largest number of hydrogen refuelling stations and the largest hydrogen refuelling capacity in the country; 100 of hydrogen produced with nonfossil energy; develop a fully functional and nationwide lowcarbon transportation energy supply network to help the national road transportation system achieve carbon neutrality. Hydrogen energy mobility 100 of the hydrogen used by refineries is blue hydrogen or produced with nonfossil energy, and help Sinopec Corp. achieve its carbon neutrality target with high quality through green hydrogen refining. Green hydrogen refining Sinopec's 2050 Hydrogen Energy Vision To ensure the supply of oil, gas and hydrogen for the Beijing 2022 Olympics and Paralympic Winter Games, the Company has built three new hydrogen refuelling stations and one oil and hydrogen mixing station, and rebuilt 49 oil stations of Beijing Oil Products and Hebei Oil Products for the Winter Olympics. Four hydrogen refuelling stations, three CNG stations, two LNG stations and 15 gas stations have been set as the supply guarantee stations. The Company served 5, 000 Winter Olympic vehicles in total for more than 30, 800 times of refuelling services and provided 1, 100 tonnes of diesel, hydrogen and natural gas. In September 2022, Sinopec's first shortpipeline hydrogen transmission station, the Pinghu Binhai Comprehensive Energy Station in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province, was put into operation. Relying on the advantages of integration, the station actively constructs the application scenario of hydrogen energy transportation, realising the pipeline hydrogen transmission within the station. The pipeline is 1. 7 kilometres long and the pressure is 1. 2 MPa. It can effectively reduce energy consumption while improving the safety of the hydrogen refuelling station. The station can also serve as a hydrogen parent fueling station, and provide filling services for 56 tube trailers everyday, realising the wholesale function of hydrogen filling, and improving energy efficiency and economic benefits of the hydrogen refuelling station. Case Case Clean energy boosting green Winter Olympics Sinopec's first shortpipeline hydrogen transmission station was put into operation Progress and Achievements of Hydrogen Energy Business in 2022 The first proton exchange membrane (PEM) hydrogen production demonstration unit with a capacity 30 normal cubic metres hour and the first megawatt level (200 Nm 3 h) PEM hydrogen production unit have been put into use in Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Hydrogen Production As of the end of 2022, the Company has built and operated 98 hydrogen refuelling stations, with a total hydrogen refuelling capacity of about 45 tonnes day, making the Company with the most hydrogen refuelling stations in the world. Hydrogen Refuelling Station As of the end of 2022, nine hydrogen supply centres had been built to provide highpurity hydrogen for fuel cells, with a capacity of 19, 000 normal cubic metres hour (about 16, 500 tonnes per year). During the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games, Yanshan Petrochemical Company and Tianjin Petrochemical Company ensured the hydrogen demand for the event. The four hydrogen refuelling stations added 87 tonnes of hydrogen to the vehicles for the Olympic Games, serving 8, 689 vehicles, effectively guaranteeing the hydrogen energy supply for the Beijing Olympic Winter Games. Hydrogen Supply Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 43 44 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 45 46 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility In 2022 By 2025 As of the end of 2022 Number of distributed photovoltaic power generation stations built Generating power to serve both the energy needs for the stations and the charging needs for electric vehicles 7, 000 Number of photovoltaic power generation stations newly built 1, 199 A total new installed generation capacity of 44. 2 MW Photovoltaic Project Sinopec's marketing subsidiaries have continued to promote the construction of Building Integrated Photovoltaic (BIPV) systems, fully utilising the spare space on canopies and rooftops of over 30, 000 gas stations nationwide. The Company has developed distributed photovoltaic power generation, built Carbon Neutral gas stations, and fully combined photovoltaic power generation with energy conservation, carbon reduction, and brand marketing. Sinopec's oilfield subsidiaries continue to promote the largescale photovoltaic power generation, and have developed a regional energy management mode of waste heat photovoltaic oil production and other multienergy complementation and the load and storage between source and network integration for oil and gas fields. Shengli Oilfield has successfully commissioned a 100 MW distributed photovoltaic power generation project, increasing the installed capacity of photovoltaic power generation by 186 MW throughout the year and annual power generation capacity by 120 million k Wh, and reducing annual carbon dioxide emission by 104, 000 tonnes. Sinopec's refining and chemical subsidiaries have been actively developing centralised photovoltaic resources in the surrounding areas. As of the end of 2022, the Company has 30 photovoltaic projects under construction and in planning, with a total capacity of 246 MW. Shijiazhai Station, Yunnan Honghe Oil Products Company's Carbon Neutral Energy Station, is put into operation The largest photovoltaic power generation projects of Shengli offshore oil field is synchronised to the grid for power generation Green Electricity Transaction In 2022, subsidiaries such as Northwest China Petroleum Bureau, Jianghan Oilfield, Maoming Petrochemical Company, Luoyang Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company, Yangzi Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Jingmen Petrochemical Company and Zhongke Refining and Petrochemical Co., Ltd. actively carried outgreen electricity transactions, with a trading volume of green electricity exceeding 3 billion k Wh. In 2022, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. vigorously promoted new energy utilisation projects by leveraging the natural conditions of Qingdao, a region rich in solar energy resources and suitable for the construction of photovoltaic power stations. The first project is the rooftop photovoltaic power generation project, which installed photovoltaic modules on the roof of office buildings and other buildings by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 0. 773 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 800, 000 k Wh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 465 tonnes. The second project is the regional photovoltaic power generation project, which took the area of open space such as parking lotto install the photovoltaic car shed by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 1. 32 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 1. 55 million k Wh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 901 tonnes. The total installed capacity of the above two photovoltaic power generation projects was about 2. 1 MW, achieving 934, 100 k Wh of cumulative power generation and reducing 543 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions by the end of October. Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. actively carried out research on green electricity trading policies in the power market, and actively coordinated the trading centre, power selling companies and new energy power generation enterprises. The company became one of the first enterprises in Shandong Province to participate in the green electricity transaction and obtain a green electricity consumption certificate, and was one of the first units to have the qualifications for the green electricity pilot transaction in Shandong Province in 2022. In March 2022, the company completed green electricity transaction of 5 million k Whand obtained the green electricity consumption certificate issued by the Beijing Power Exchange Centre, opening a new chapter for the company's energy conservation and carbon reduction efforts. Case Case Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. made use of its geographical advantages to vigorously promote photovoltaic power generation projects Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. actively participated in green electricity pilot transaction 88 MWInstalled capacity 2, 452 Number of distributed photovoltaic power generation projects accumulatively built 23 Number of carbonneutral energy stations built 3 Number of carbonneutral oil depots built
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 47 48 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Facility Material Type City, State Province First Collector Annex to the certificate SCSRSB PC 0048 The following facilities are included in the certificate scope No. 1402, 14 th Floor, Innovation Building, Southwest Jiaotong University, No. 111, North 1 st Section of 2 nd Ring Road, Intelligent City, Jinniu District, Chengdu city, China Sichuan Lansu Environmental Protection Technology Co., LTDUsed Cooking Oil Facility Material Type City, State Province Industrial Operator Jiaochuan Street, Zhenhai district, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. ChinaSINOPEC Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Sustainable Aviation Fuel Facility Material Type City, State Province Point of Origin Confidential Confidential Used Cooking Oil SCS Global Services Stanley Mathuram, PE, Executive Vice President 2000 Powell Street, Ste. 600, Emeryville, CA 94608 USA SINOPEC Zhenhai Refining & Chemical CompanySCS Global Services does hereby certify that an independent assessment has been conducted on behalf of Printed 4 11 2022 Jiaochuan Street, Ningbo, Zhejiang 315207, China Has demonstrated the operation of a management system that is compliant with the requirements of Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials Standard(s) RSB Global RSBSTD 01001 V 3. 0, RSBPRO 20001 V 3. 2, RSBPRO 30001 V 3. 3, RSBPRO 50001 V 3. 5, RSBPRO 60001 V 3. 3, RSBSTD 0100301 V 2. 3, RSBSTD 01010 V 2. 3 The scope of this certificate shall be limited to 1 Industrial Processor SAF facility 1 First Collector Confidential Points of Origin Input Used Cooking Oil Output Sustainable Aviation Fuel This RSB certificate was issued under accreditation by a RSB recognized certification body for compliance with the RSB standards and the RSB certification systems. Certificate Code SCSRSB PC 0048 RSB Participant Code 2217 Valid from 6 April 2022 to 5 April 2027 This RSB certificate is only valid if duly registered in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates and that the validity of this RSB certificate shall be verified in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates. Please see http rsb. org certification participatingoperators. This certificate itself does not constitute evidence that a particular product supplied by the certificate holder is certified to RSB standards. This certificate shall remain the property of SCS, and all copies and reproductions shall be returned to SCS immediately upon request. Products offered, shipped or sold by the certificate holder can only be considered covered by the scope of this certificate when the required RSB claim is clearly stated on product delivery note. SCS Global Services Stanley Mathuram, PE, Executive Vice President 2000 Powell Street, Ste. 600, Emeryville, CA 94608 USA CB Registration No. 592 Biomass Energy Layout of New Energy Vehicle Related Businesses Sinopec Corp. actively explores the research and application of biojet fuels and increases the production, promotion and supply of biomass energy. Sinopec Corp. actively embraces the electric, intelligent and networking development trend of new energy vehicles, and continues to promote the construction of charging and replacement stations based on the location advantage of its gas stations. The Company plans to build 5, 000 charging and replacement refuelling stations by 2025. It cooperates with relevant enterprises to build replacement refuelling stations and actively promote the power bank service. Carbon emissions resulting from the combustion of jet fuel account for approximately 79 of the total aviation transport industry emissions. Therefore, the adoption of more environmentally friendly and sustainable jet fuel has become crucial to reducing carbon emissions in the civil aviation industry. Biojet fuel, generated from renewable resources such as vegetable oils, animal fats, and catering waste oil, is a sustainable alternative to traditional petroleumbased jet fuel. Over the course of its life cycle, biojet fuel can reduce carbon emissions by more than 50 compared to traditional jet fuel. In August 2020, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company completed the construction of China's first biojet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year. In April 2022, the facility was awarded Asia's first global Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB) sustainable biojet fuel certificate by SCS, an international certification body. In September of the same year, the facility became the first to receive the domestic biojet fuel airworthiness certification, allowing it tobe put on the market as a sustainable alternative to traditional jet fuel. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company has partnered with many airlines touse the produced sustainable jet fuel in commercial flights at home and abroad. Compared with traditional jet fuel, biojet fuel reduce carbon dioxide emissions by up to 85 through the whole life cycle. Case Sinopec Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company built China's first biojet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year and won the first global RSB certification in Asia In 2022, 959 charging stations and 45 replacement stations have been built. The annual cumulative charging and replacement capacity was 170 million k Wh, a yearonyear increase of 272. By the end of 2022, the Company had built 2, 171 charging stations and 128 replacement stations. Sinopec Corp. has deepened the integration of IUR (Industry University Research), to drive technological innovation in lightweight materials for automobiles. This collaborative effort has led to the establishment of a joint centre for automobile lightweight nonmetallic materials, with research conducted on the lightweight processing technology of synthetic resin, synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre, and other composite materials and products. Additionally, Sinopec Corp. has developed a highvalue recycling technology for waste plastics, successfully recycling and utilising automobile lightweight materials, and effectively reducing the carbon footprint. The Company has successfully developed functionalised solutionpolymerised styrenebutadiene rubber for green tires, hydrogenated styrene butadiene thermoplastic elastomer for automotive skin, high thermal conductivity rubber for nonpneumatic tires, and ultralowpressure ethylenepropylene rubber polypropylene dynamic vulcanised rubber materials, further enriching the types of Sinopec's lightweight rubber products. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. constructed its first heavy truck replacement station at the Baijiawang Comprehensive Energy Station in Yibin, Sichuan. The station provides battery replacement services for trucks transporting ore, commercial concrete, and waste in the surrounding areas. The replacement station uses a topmounted battery replacement mode and carries seven 282 k Wh power batteries, each capable of supporting vehicle operations for approximately 150 kilometres. Since every single battery replacement needs to take about 3 minutes, the station is able to meet the battery replacement demands of 168 electric heavy trucks per day. The completion and operation of the heavy truck replacement station mark Sinopec'sentry into the field of heavy truck battery replacement. This move follows the Company's successful development of businesses in hydrogen energy, photovoltaics, and automobile charging and replacement, and is another substantive step in its transformation into an integrated energy service provider for oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity, and nonfuel businesses. In September 2022, Fujian Longyan Lianhua Charging Station was put into operation. The station features a photovoltaic canopy that integrates light and charge technology, generating up to 370 k Wh of power daily. With 24 parking spaces and charging infrastructure, the station's group charging and control technology equipment delivers a maximum output of 180 kW per pile, enabling the complete charging of a family car within just 25 minutes. In addition, there are rest areas in the station, with vending machines, WIFI, teahouse, coffee machines and other facilities, providing customers with comprehensive and diversified services. Case Case Sinopec Corp. built the first heavy truck replacement station Comprehensive services for customers at the Lianhua Charging Station in Fujian Province
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 49 50 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Protecting the Environment 03 Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation 51 54 57 57 59 61 62
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 51 52 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and Targets In line with its commitment to sustainable development concept, Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection. The Company has established and continuously improved its environmental protection policies and systems. Through its Green Enterprise Campaign, the Company has implemented a series of measures aimed at actively encouraging all subsidiaries to strengthen their environmental impact and risk management efforts, with the ultimate goal of minimising their operational environmental footprint. Environmental Management System and Targets The Board of Directors and its Sustainability Committee are responsible for reviewing the Company's major environmentrelated decisions. The HSE Management Committee which is part of the management body, is responsible for reviewing the Company's environmental protection plans, relevant regulations and rules, and supervising the implementation of environmental protection initiatives. The Company setup a team of HSE management system auditors to regularly review the system documents of its subsidiaries. By the end of 2022, a total of 28 subsidiaries of the Company had obtained the certification of the ISO 14000 environmental management system. In 2022, the Environmental Protection Sub Committee of the HSE Management Committee implemented a series of measures aimed at optimising the monitoring indicators of environmental protection. These measures included monthly tracking and analysis of indicators, with improvements and rectifications made as necessary, promoting the completion of 17 research topics and key tasks, completing the professional review of 7 firstlevel environmental protection enterprise standards, and gradually improving the Company's environmental protection standard system. In addition, the Company formulated a special supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and appointed environmental protection supervisors to carry out special supervision on 30 subsidiaries including oil and gas field subsidiaries, refining and chemical subsidiaries and marketing subsidiaries, to identify the shortcomings of environmental protection management, put forward systematic solutions, raise the awareness and ability of all employees in ecological and environmental protection, and demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its ecological and environmental protection responsibilities. Sinopec Corp. launched the Green Enterprise Campaign in 2018 as an essential step in implementing its green and clean development strategy. In 2022, the Company made significant headway by implementing various measures under the campaign with particular emphasis on the grassroots level. All subsidiaries were directed to establish green grassroots units, resulting in comprehensive consolidation of the foundation for green development. Indicators such as clean energy, green products, resource and energy utilisation, pollutant emissions, GHG emissions, and facility greening were completed as planned. 12 subsidiaries were awarded the title of Sinopec's Green Enterprise in 2022. By the end of 2022, the Company had established 114 green enterprises, and 19, 900 green grassroots units, meeting the annual goals and requirements. The Company continues to improve the HSE (Health, Safety and Environment) management system, and officially issued the Manual for the HSE Management System in 2022. Each subsidiary has issued its specific version of the manual according to its own production and operation characteristics. These manuals form the foundation of the environmental protection system, consisting of 16 core policies as the main body, including the Measures for the Environmental Information Management, the Measures for Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Accountability of Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Response to Environmental Emergency Risk and Management, the Measures for Radioactive Accident Management, etc. Targets for 2023 Water resources management targets Effluents and emissions management targets 12 12 18 18 Ammonianitrogen reductionCOD reductionSO 2 reductionNO X reduction Striving to reduce the amount of fresh water withdrawal for industrial use by no less than 1 per year Note Taking the 2017 data as baseline data. Management of Environmental Impact The Company continues to strengthen the management of environmental impact. To this end, it has formulated regulations such as the Measures for Environmental Management, the Measures for Ecological Management, the Measures for Environmental Management of Construction Projects, and the Management Regulations for Environmental Protection Inspection after Completion of Construction Projects to strengthen the environmental protection management throughout the construction projects and minimise any negative impact on the surrounding ecological environment and communities. Strictly checked on the environmental protectionrelated content within the feasibility studies and the design of construction projects in the report, such as the identification of environmentally sensitive targets, pollution prevention and control measures, ecological protection measures, strictly controlled the total amount and intensity of energy consumption and other environmental indicators of projects, took the environmental protection feasibility as the foundation of the project feasibility studies and design approval, and improved the environmental protection efficiency of construction projects. Project Evaluation Adopted green construction plans, conducted special action to improve the standardised management of solid waste at construction sites, and clarified and strictly implemented the measures of three simultaneities for environmental protection. Construction All production facilities belonging to the upstream, midstream and downstream subsidiaries of the Company, including their subordinate units, have obtained the pollutant discharge permits or have completed the registration of the pollutant discharge permit information. Relevant information is available on the national management information platform for pollutant discharge permit. Key pollutant discharge units have cooperated fully with regulatory authorities to conduct monitoring activities. The units have installed online monitoring facilities that transmit realtime data to national and local regulatory platforms. Environmental Monitoring Actively implemented the national Notice on the In Depth Implementation of the Clean Production Audit Work in Key Industries, continued to optimise clean production related systems and processes, and supervised and guided subsidiaries to continuously reduce the total amount of pollutant emissions. Cleaned the waste materials and garbage on the construction sites after completing the project according to the principle of work completed, material collected, site cleaned, and recycled the waste as much as possible. Clean Production Formulated the Guidelines for the Preparation of Emergency Plans for Emergent Environmental Incidents and the Guiding Opinions on the Provision of Emergency Supplies for Emergent Environmental Incidents to ensure timely and proper treatment of environmental incidents to reduce pollution loss and mitigate the ecological damage. Emergency Response Standardised the conduction of environmental protection inspection after completion, and controlled the audit and verification pass before the project is officially put into production. Conducted postenvironmental impact assessments as required, carried out ecological rectification and restoration according to the assessment results, and continuously improved the environmental protection management level of the whole life cycle of construction projects. Project Exit Policy Assurance The Green Enterprise Campaign System Assurance
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 53 54 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Risk Management Environmental Complaint and Handling Mechanism Sinopec Corp. organises and conducts annual environmental risk identification and assessment to comprehensively prevent and control various environmental emergency risks. The Company has optimised the environmental risk identification and assessment methods and processes by assigning risk control capability index, risk index correction coefficient, and environmental risk level distribution. The Company has also prepared the Technical Guidelines for the Assessment of Environmental Emergencies Risk Index, and organised its subsidiaries in all sectors to carry out trial assessments. In 2022, the Company identified a total of 41 Tier 1 environmental risks. Through the formulation and implementation of a tiered environmental risk management and control plan, aswell as by implementing environmental risk management and control accountabilities and addressing potential environmental risks, the Company successfully degraded 30 of these risks, accelerating the withdrawal of facilities in the ecological protection redline areas. The Company attaches great importance to communications with stakeholders such as local government and community members, establishes the environment complaint mechanism, discloses environmental information and sets up the 24 hour complaint hotline at key well sites and stations, and takes the initiative to accept social supervision. In the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Regulations, the Company stipulates that With regards to negative environmental information on environmental issues such as being listed on national and local government supervisory agendas, receipt of notices or environmental administrative penalties, excessive amounts beyond standards and violations found in government supervision and monitoring at all levels, being sued for environmental issues or being exposed by the media, etc., the Company shall report the information through the environmental protection information system within three working days. Late reporting or concealment of information shall be severely punished. Through the appointment of external community supervisors and regular and occasional seminars, all subsidiaries have established the mechanism to engage local communities and the public to collect and handle opinions and make feedback. Significant environmental incidents shall be promptly reported to relevant departments at the headquarters to promote its rectification through the joint working mechanism. The employees of Shengli Oilfield Hekou Oil Production Plant conduct intensive inspections on the oil pipelines Water Resources Management Adhering to the water resource management principle of prioritising conservation and balancing the production and supply, Sinopec Corp. formulated and implemented the Measures for Water Resources Conservation and aims to reduce the amount of freshwater for industrial use by 1 annually. Additionally, the Company systematically optimises the water consumption structure, implements the project of replacing clean water with wastewater, and strengthens the reuse of sewage and wastewater. Moreover, the Company attaches great importance to the investigation and monitoring of groundwater to prevent groundwater pollution. Tier 1 risk sources Tier 2 risk sources Tier 3 risk sources Environmental Risk Management Operating Procedures Report Tier 1 risk sources to the headquarters Report Tier 1 risk sources to the business units for review and conformation Tier 2 and Tier 3 risk sources are managed by Subsidiaries and branches Develop guidelines for environmental risk identification and assessment Supervise and inspect the environmental risks and emergency management of business units and subsidiaries Carry out spot environmental risk inspections Carry out environment risk identification and assessment Headquarters Business segment Subsidiaries and branches Frontline enterprises
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 55 56 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Water Conservation Sinopec Corp.'s industrial water mainly comes from surface water, groundwater and municipal water supply. The Company has obtained water withdrawal permits for all of these sources. The Company strictly abides by the Water Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulation on the Administration of the License for Water Drawing and the Levy of Water Resource Fees, the Administrative Measures for the Water Resources Testimony of Construction Projects and other policies and regulations. The Company has formulated and implemented the Sinopec Measures for Water Resources Conservation, the Guidelines for Water Conservation in Sinopec's 14 th Five Year Plan and other documents, formulated water conservation plans according to the principle of one specific plan for one subsidiary, and continued to strengthen water conservation management, adopting more economical and intensive water use modes, comprehensively improving water efficiency and effectiveness, and building watersaving enterprises. To ensure the effectiveness of the ecological protection in the Yangtze and Yellow River basins, the Company has undertaken a comprehensive study and formulated the Action Plan to Further Advance the Ecological and Environmental Protection and Restoration of the Yangtze River basin and the Guiding Opinions on the Ecological Environment Protection of Enterprises in the Yellow River Basin. The Company has established clear ecological protection responsibilities for the Yangtze and Yellow River basins, including developing water conservation and emission reduction plans for subsidiaries located in the basins, and compiling alist of related issues to promote relevant subsidiaries to strengthen water conservation and emission reduction. In 2022, the Company's industrial freshwater consumption was 629. 10 million cubic metres, a yearonyear decrease of 1. 1. In the selection of the 2022 Water Efficiency Frontrunner Enterprise in petroleum and chemical industry, 8 subsidiaries of the Company including Jinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining and Chemical Company, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company were named as Water Efficiency Frontrunner Model Enterprises. Sewage Treatment The Company comprehensively promotes clean production, strengthens the management of water pollution prevention and control facilities, and improves water pollution prevention and control in away stricter than national and local discharge standards, with a focus on strictly controlling the risk of water pollution. As required by the government, to monitor water pollutant discharge in realtime, the Company has implemented early warning and alarm systems to quickly detect and manage issues, to achieve the standard discharge of water pollutants. In 2022, the annual comprehensive wastewater compliance rate of all subsidiaries of the Company was 100, with the total amount of water pollutant discharge constantly decreasing. Groundwater Management In 2022, the Company completed the review of the corporate standard Technical Specification for Groundwater Investigation and Evaluation of Land for Corporate Use. All subsidiaries continued to conduct selfmonitoring of groundwater and strictly implemented the system for investigating potential soil pollution hazards and corporate requirements for selfmonitoring. The Company actively organised its subsidiaries to apply for the Major State Projects for Soil Pollution Source Control Projects and the pilot project of controlling while producing. We conducted special supervision and inspection on potential soil hazards and monitored key soil regulatory enterprises in major basins of the Yangtze River and the Yellow River. The marketing subsidiaries actively investigate and prevent groundwater pollution. In 2022, the Company organised subsidiaries along the Yangtze River and Yellow River basins to clean up and dispose of 105, 000 tonnes of solid waste insolid waste landfills. Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Conducted the high - low salinity sulfurcontaining sewage sourceseparated treatment, and controlled the discharge of sulfurcontaining sewage, achieving 100 reuse of low salt sulfurcontaining sewage, reducing the external discharge of sewage by 30. 3, increasing the amount of recycled sewage by 16. 1 and the sewage reuse rate from 62 to 68, and saving more than RMB 3. 8 million annually. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company Controlled the concentration of suspended solids in the desulfurised purified water and increased the reuse amount of the purified water during the water injection process of the hydrogenation unit, which raised from 9. 1 m h to 54. 1 m h. Increased the reuse amount of the power centre's uptostandard discharged sewage by optimising pipe network and improving water treatment scheme, with the highest reuse rate of 75. Case Improving water efficiency and building watersaving enterprises Adhered to the principle of determining production volume based on the water use plan, strengthened the constraints on the carrying capacity of water resources and water environment, planned rational development layout and scale, optimised and adjusted the industrial structure. Supervised subsidiaries to establish standing books of water withdrawal points and water withdrawal permits, formulated and tracked the implementation of rectification measures to troubleshoot any problems, ensuring that the water is taken in according to permits. Optimised water consumption structure, used unconventional water resources to replace fresh water, and reduced the consumption of fresh water. Optimised the operation of the water circulation system, and reused water as replenishment water to reduce the makeup rate of fresh water. Conducted rainwater and sewage diversion upgrade, visualised sewage pipe network upgrade, and sewage plant upgrade, built the information module of sewage and rainwater pipe network, and increased the intensity of sewage reuse. Promoted subsidiaries at all levels to strengthen the utilisation of sewage resources and reduce external drainage through technological innovation, process improvement and other methods. Vigorously conducted water balance test and leakage detection and elimination of water supply pipe networks, upgraded and transformed old pipelines, to reduce water loss due to leakage. Improved the water supply and consumption metering system and enhanced the level of water consumption informatisation. Water Withdrawal Control at the Source Water Resources Recycling Water Consumption Metering Management Water Efficiency Frontrunner Refining Model Enterprises Jinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Frontrunner Ethylene Production Model Enterprises Maoming Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Sino Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Frontrunner Coaltomethanol Model Enterprises Sinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Frontrunner Coaltoolefin Model EnterprisesZTHC Energy Water Efficiency Frontrunner Petroleum Refining Enterprises Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Tianjin Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Frontrunner Ethylene Production Enterprises Sino Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Yanshan Petrochemical Company, Shanghai SECCO Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Frontrunner Coaltomethanol Enterprises Sinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Frontrunner Enterprise of national key waterusing enterprises in 2022 Water Efficiency Frontrunner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Land Resource Management The Company strictly abides by national policies and regulations such as the Land Administration Law of the People's Republic of China and the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and has formulated the Sinopec Land Management Measures, to strengthen the management of land resources and standardise the handling of land use procedures according to the principle of intensive, efficient and green land use. The subsidiaries are required to minimise the use of arable land, timely reclaim idle land, and restore soil after land use inaccordance with relevant national regulations to promote sustainable land resource use. Control of Atmospheric Pollutants The Company strictly implements the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and other national and local regulations for air pollution prevention and control and has formulated the Sinopec Regulations for Pollution Prevention and Control, to comprehensively improve air pollution prevention and control. The Company has issued the energy and environmental responsibility commitment to all subsidiaries, which outlines emission reduction goals and control tasks and includes them in the annual evaluation process. To fully promote air pollution prevention and control, the Company has also issued the Notice on the Implementation of the Key Tasks of the Opinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Promoting the National Pollution Prevention and Control Campaign. The Company has adjusted the control scope in a scientific manner and timely initiated emergency plans during severely polluted weather conditions and made timely adjustments to production equipment and environmental protection device to fully meet the requirements of air pollution control, emission reduction targets and air quality assurance requirements during major activities. The Company formulated and implemented the Special Action Plan for Ozone Pollution Prevention and Control and vigorously promoted the implementation of emission reduction projects in a way stricter than national and local standards for emission concentration of NOx and VOCs. In 2022, all subsidiaries of the Company achieved the annual target for comprehensive control of exhaust gas, with a compliance rate of 99. 5. Established land use standards for different well pad types to improve the utilisation rate of old well pads. Optimised the land exploration and development layout and centralised stations as much as possible, to improve the land plot ratio. Intensive land use to strengthen land regulation Deploy land use for the next year at the end of each year and adjust the plan appropriately according to the actual situation in the middle of the year. Reused the old well site to improve the land use efficiency. Promoted the optimisation and adjustment of mining resources, investigated and arranged the exploration, development and utilisation, new energy utilisation for planned inefficient idle land, etc. Strictly implemented well sealing and soil testing, and signed the safety and environmental protection handover confirmation with the local natural resources department. Carried out geological and ecological restoration work in accordance with national laws and regulations such as the Regulation on Land Reclamation and the Provisions on the Protection of the Geologic Environment of Mines, and strictly performed reclamation obligations. Implemented the retiring and reclamation of idle land from industrial uses, evaluated the well control safety and environmental risks of idle industrial and mining land, such as abandoned well pads, screened idle land without safety or environmental risks, and retired lands in accordance with their category. Land located near farmland and eligible for reclamation will be returned to the local government after reclamation. Efficient land use to revitalise land resources Green land use to build an ecological barrier Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 59 60 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Solid Waste Management Inaccordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, Sinopec Corp. classified and managed the wastes generated from production and operation, and disposed of all of them in a proper and comprehensive utilisation manner or in a harmless manner. Adhering to the principle of reduction, recycling, harmless disposal of waste, and planned management for solid waste disposal, the Company continuously improved relevant policies and systems in alignment with the solid waste management goals and tasks during the 14 th Five Year Plan period. In 2022, the Company achieved a 100 disposal rate for hazardous waste, fully meeting the target for the year. In 2022, the Company launched the pilot construction of the Waste Free Group, issued the Waste Free Group Pilot Construction Work Programme, the Construction Index System for Waste Free Group, the Evaluation Index for Waste Free Group Construction, the Implementation Plan for Special Safety Rectification of Hazardous Waste Disposal, and other policies, and conducted solid waste reduction in various forms. In 2022, the Company's hazardous waste production decreased by 5 year on year. In addition, the Company has developed the Reference List for Classification of General Industrial Solid Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises and the Reference List for Classification of Construction Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises to improve source identification and classified storage management of hazardous wastes and other solid wastes. In 2022, the Company's comprehensive utilisation rate of solid waste was 84. 6, up 1 percentage point year on year. In 2022, the Company intensified its efforts in R&D of ecofriendly packaging and the promotion of highperformance materials and thinning technology for packaging bags. The Company prioritised the enhancement of packaging recycling and conducted beneficial explorations and practices to conserve resources and mitigate plastic pollution. Solid waste categorisation Management method Mainly utilised or disposed in the Company'sown facilities, or handled by qualified third parties. Hazardous waste General industrial solid waste Handled by entities with proper technologies for comprehensive utilisation or sent to landfills for safe treatment. Construction waste Utilised inaccordance with the disposal plan approved by the local government, or sent to designated landfills. Domestic waste Collected and disposed by qualified entities with approval from local authorities. By promoting the use of shared pallets, Sinopec Corp. has realised the delivery of synthetic resin products with pallets and films, which has comprehensively improved the speed and efficiency of logistics operations. In 2022, the Company reduced the use of 140, 000 wooden pallets and reduced the cost by RMB 9 million via shared pallet recycling. If wooden pallets is useless after three cycles, the carbon emissions generated by solid waste incineration each year will be 6, 722 tonnes. If one timber tree can be made into six standardised pallets, the recycling can save 23, 000 trees from being cut down. Since 2019, the Company has officially used shared pallets in 27 subsidiaries, leading the development direction of domestic synthetic resin industry logistics. Nowadays, shared pallets have been promoted and applied widely by manufacturers and logistics carriers. Before the thinning, in 2020, the thickness of the FFS heavy film packaging bags of Sinopec's resin products was 0. 160. 18 mm, with an average thickness of 0. 168 mm. By adopting the thinning technology, the average thickness of the bags has been reduced to 0. 137 mm in 2022. Some of the Company's subsidiaries such as Fujian Refining and Petrochemical Co., Ltd. have started touse 0. 10 mm packaging bags within a small scale. In 2022, 16. 5 million tonnes of resin products were packed with the thinned FFS heavy film packaging bags, reducing the use of 17, 000 tonnes of FFS heavy film and carbon emissions by 85, 000 tonnes per year. Case Case Shared pallet recycling Thinning the FFS heavy film packaging bags Amount of nonhazardous solid waste (thousand tonnes) Amount of hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Compliance rate of solid waste disposal ( ) Percentage of hazardous solid waste disposed properly ( )Indicators 1, 710. 8 731. 1 100 1002020 1, 931. 6 461. 0 100 1002021 2, 036. 9 515. 0 100 1002022
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 61 62 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage The Company formulates management regulations such as the Manual for the HSE Management System, the Sinopec Environmental Management and Protection Regulations, and the Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control Management Regulations to guide subsidiaries to carry out hydrocarbon leakage prevention and control. The headquarters of the Company and the management departments of each subsidiary regularly conduct onsite inspections using infrared detectors and other equipment to strengthen leak detection and repair (LDAR) management and control odour in the plant. The Company has prepared the Environmental Technical Requirements for the Treatment of VOCs in Storage Tanks to guide subsidiaries to carry out tank VOCs treatment. Cooperating with the Chinese Academy of Environmental Planning, the Assessment Centre for Environmental Engineering of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Dalian Research Institute of Petroleum and Petrochemicals and the Qingdao Institute of Safety Engineering, the Company studied the accounting and monitoring methods of fugitive emissions of volatile organic compounds from petrochemical enterprises, and jointly pushed forward the Research on VOCs Emission Accounting Methods for Petrochemical Enterprises and the Research on VOCs Monitoring System for Petrochemical Enterprises. The marketing subsidiaries have installed oil and gas recovery equipment and facilities in all warehouses and stations, achieving 100 uptostandard emission of VOCs actively implemented the requirements of the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Oil Storage Tanks, and conducted troubleshooting for potential hazards in oil depots. In 2022, the marketing subsidiaries closed and unloaded a total of 86 oil depots to eliminate environmental hazards. Inaccordance with the requirements of the Volatile Organic Pollutants Fugitive Emission Standard, in 2022, the marketing subsidiaries conducted LDAR maintenance for 137 oil depots and completed the detection and repair of the leakage points. The marketing subsidiaries carried out statistical analysis on key equipment such as the vacuum pump, refuelling gun, and oil and gas recovery and treatment device, and optimised equipment selection to improve the stability and compliance of the oil and gas recovery system of gas stations. Realtime monitoring of VOCs components in the device area Biodiversity Conservation In strict compliance with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, the Company attaches great importance to the protection of the ecological environment. The Company established and completed the ecological management system, and formulated documents such as the Sinopec Environmental Management Regulations and the Sinopec Ecological Management Measures to regulate the ecological protection work at all stages of the project construction and operation period. The Company required all construction projects in ecologically sensitive areas to adopt strict ecological protection and restoration measures. When carrying out feasibility studies and environmental impact assessments for projects with ecological impact, the Company regularly investigates potential hazards involving ecological redline to ensure maximum mitigation or elimination of impacts. The Company requires related parties to strictly comply with the Three Lines and One List regulation aswell as the general requirements for relevant planning and environmental impact assessment, with regard to the site (route) selection, layout, and scale of construction projects. In 2022, the Company continues to improve its ecological monitoring and evaluation system and the environmental monitoring network, and to engage in ecological monitoring ona pilot basis in subsidiaries. For 13 consecutive years, it has monitored six major elements of the environment, including air, surface water, land, vegetation, etc. in the Puguang gas field and surrounding areas, with a total of more than 34, 000 entries of monitoring data and 3, 000 comparison photos obtained so far. The ecological tracking results show that the local ecological functions have not been affected by gas field development. In 2022, there were 78 ecological monitoring sites deployed, obtaining 13, 500 sets of ecological monitoring data. The Company integrated biodiversity conservation into annual energy and environment performance evaluation system. In 2022, there was no incident involving the subsidiaries that was harmful to biodiversity.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 63 64 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Removed oil and gas production facilities in the ecological protection redline area, followed the Threein One operation mode of well closure, facility removal and ecological restoration, thoroughly cleaned the well pad, loosened the soil, and carried out ecological restoration. Operation site recovery and improvement Proposed that the construction unit is the responsible subject of environmental protection during construction. As such, they must follow and implement relevant environmental protection laws and regulations, formulate environmental protection plans for the construction work, and refine environmental protection measures. Urged construction units to implement various environmental protection measures and requirements during the construction period. Contractor and supplier management Conducted fish and shrimp proliferation and release, supplemented and restored aquatic biological resources, improved the water environment, and optimised the structure of the fishery resource community. Actively cooperated with the Anqing Municipal Government to restore the National Aquatic Germplasm Resources Protection Zone of leiocassis longirostris, catfish and mandarin fish in the Anqing section of the Yangtze River, and invested RMB 800, 000 as financial support. Maintaining the biodiversity of waters Defined the requirements for ecological protection without deforestation in relevant systems, avoiding areas protected by the ecological redline as well as ecologically sensitive areas such as forest parks and natural forests to minimise ecological damage. Incase of ecological damage, restoration shall be carried out according to the requirements of the competent department of ecologically sensitive areas. Subsidiaries have formulated their own management requirements for ecological protection and implemented them in specific work. Action against deforestation For mining areas containing major wetlands, nature reserves, forest parks and other environmentally sensitive areas, the extension and change process of mining rights should avoid all kinds of sensitive areas. Ensured the effective use of costs for the prevention and control of water and soil conservation during the construction of development projects, effectively controlled the water and soil loss and continuously improved the ecological environment around the construction sites. Ecological protection of mining areas Sinopec Environmental Management Regulations Strictly incompliance with state environmental protection requirements, project construction, operation and decommissioning (relocation) shall have their respective ecological protection plans formulated and implemented, shall take effective measures to reduce the disturbance to the ecological environment, shall carry out the necessary ecological assessment, monitoring, restoration, and statistic studies as required, to protect biodiversity in surrounding areas and ensure ecological safety and stability. Sinopec Ecological Management Measures All units shall strictly manage their production and operation, reduce the disturbance of production and operation to the ecological environment, protect biodiversity, and ensure ecological safety. Strictly abide by the relevant special management regulations of the national and local governments on the ecologically sensitive areas. New projects should give priority to avoiding ecologically sensitive areas. If it is impossible to avoid, special demonstrations should be carried out according to the requirements of the competent department of the ecologically sensitive areas after obtaining permission from the competent department. Projects are not allowed to start without permits. In December 2022, Sinopec Corp. and other two Chinese enterprises were selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was jointly prepared by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and other institutions and released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP 15) in Montreal, Canada. The Company's Sinopec Construction of a Park for Fostering Biodiversity Benefits introduced in detail its two representative cases for improving biodiversity benefits, namely Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company's egret habitat, the only egret habitat of petrochemical enterprise in China, and the industrial sewage treatment with standard discharge wetland natural ecological restoration system, a comprehensive purification practice of ecotype industrial sewage of Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Case Sinopec's subsidiaries were selected in the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary Mansarover Energy Colombia Ltd. took the initiative to investigate the status of the ecosystem in the region, arranged operation activities according to the regional characteristics, and monitored the changes of the ecosystem. The company carries out ecological surveys every year to track the status of fauna and flora in the area where it operates, and monitor the development of key species, helping find the endangered species to a certain extent. Since 2018, Mansarover has found 57 species of herbaceous plants, 22 species of amphibians and 104 species of birds in the forest area near the oilfields, including 33 species of endangered animals, contributing to the local conservation of species diversity. In addition, Mansarover rescued local representative species in its oilfield blocks, such as redfooted sea turtles and whitefaced capuchins after joining the biological protection and release program in 2018. Case Mansarover actively protects the ecosystem and biodiversity Main Actions for Biodiversity Conservation
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 65 66 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Building a Solid Safety Defence Line 04 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security 67 69 70 71 74 75 76
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 67 68 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Safety Management System HSE Management System Safety Risk Identification and Mitigation Sinopec Corp. has set a goal of achieving zero casualties, zero pollution, zero accidents. To this end, the Company follows the basic policies of organisation leads, and all employees participate; manage and control risks, and strength the fundamentals, adheres to the concept of safety first, environmental protection foremost, physical and mental health of employees, and strict, detailed, effective and consistent implementation, and has formulated and implemented management measures such as the Sinopec HSE Management System Manual. The HSE Committee holds monthly and quarterly meetings to summarise and analyse the critical aspects of HSE management and plan for the next steps to enhance the efficient operation of the HSE management system. Sinopec Corp. continues to uphold a strong commitment to optimising its safety risk identification mechanism. To this end, the Company has implemented a range of measures aimed at deepening the application of the risk assessment management platform, promoting systematic, regular, standardised and informationalised identification and assessment of risks, and building a dual prevention mechanism of tiered control and hazard detection and management and eliminating the weak links of safety management. The Company carries out an annual safety risk identification and assessment. This process firstly involves creating a risk identification list from the bottom to the top level, followed by determining the list of major risks under the Company's special supervision based on the identification and evaluation results of its subsidiaries. In 2022, the Company identified and assessed 7 major risks requiring special attention. In 2022, the Company organised the construction of a dual prevention and intelligent control platform for tiered risk control and hazards detection and rectification, which facilitated online risk identification and evaluation for 2, 449 major hazard sources of 96 enterprises. The Company integrated auxiliary functions such as risk monitoring and early warning, operational risk management and control, video intelligent analysis, personnel positioning, intelligent patrol and inspection into the platform, and upgraded the original Petrochemical HSE Assessment & Management System (PHAMS). The Company continues to strengthen the construction of the security emergency management mechanism, by promoting all subsidiaries to establish emergency management systems with clear levels and responsibilities for prompt action on abnormal monitoring and warning. The Company is committed to strengthening the training of emergency knowledge and skills for all employees and conducts regular emergency drills, to improve the emergency response capacity of all employees for safety events. All subsidiaries regularly carry out joint emergency drills with the local government to effectively improve the emergency response capacity against major accidents. In 2022, the Company conducted HSE management system audits for its 82 subsidiaries and incorporated the audit results into the performance evaluation system. Work plans for enterprise safety performance evaluation were formulated and the evaluation results were taken into account while selecting advanced enterprises of safety production. Achieving an advanced level in the industry's thirdparty assessment of the HSE management system. Achieving a 100 ratification rate of major hidden safety hazards on the watch list. Achieving a 100 detection rate of occupational hazard factors; 100 effective prevention and control rate of occupational disease hazards; 100 rate of occupational health checkups; 100 intervention of highrisk personnel. Safety Management Goals of Sinopec Corp. Important Practices of Safety Management in 2022 Strengthen the implementation of safety responsibilities Actively carried out safety production cautionary education to improve employees' safety awareness. Organised personnel at key HSE posts to participate in training and acquire certification. Strengthen risk control and safety hazards rectification Conducted special rectification actions for safety production and promoted the centralised tackling of safety risk control and hazards. Completed the construction of an intelligent control platform for dual prevention in 109 manufacturing subsidiaries, established the offshore oil safety risk monitoring and early warning system, and carried out indepth safety risk assessment of manned platform and safety assessment of the main structure of the aging platform. Strengthen supervision of key links Revised a series of safety management systems for direct operation links and produced accident and incident prevention training videos for highrisk operations. Conducted special operations on contractors' safety and established a special safety supervision team, completing three rounds of supervision tasks for 51 enterprises. Improve emergency response capabilities Reviewed the emergency plans of 78 enterprises and organised them to conduct emergency drills in a normalised manner. Prepared the Work Plan for Strengthening the Construction of Fulltime Fire Fighting Teams of Enterprises and carried out special fire safety evaluation.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 69 70 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Production Safety Contractor Safety Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Production Safety Law Interim Measures for the Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Production Safety Accidents, the Implementation Guidelines for the Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Hazardous Chemical Companies, and has formulated rules and regulations such as the Management Regulations on the Dual Prevention Mechanism of Hierarchical Management and Control of Production Safety Risks Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Sinopec, committed to strengthening production safety, preventing safety risks, enhancing hidden danger investigation and management, and systematically preventing and reducing the occurrence of production safety accidents. Proportion of contractors passing occupational health and safety management system certification ( )Indicator 1002020 2021 2022 100 100 Focusing on the improvement of contractors' safety awareness and management level, the Company has developed systems such as the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Contractors, and the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Key Materials Supply. These systems clearly define the requirements for contractor safety qualification review, safety supervision and management, inspection and supervision, and assessment of bidding, contract signing, subcontracting, project commencement, onsite construction, special operations, and other processes. In 2022, the Company organised the whole system to carry out special rectification for contractor safety, and conducted special supervision and inspection on several highrisk construction projects. For any contractor violations found, the enterprise was ordered to immediately suspend construction, undergo accountability evaluation and carry out necessary rectification measures. The Company strictly controlled the safety risks of highrisk construction projects and released a series of cautionary videos of highrisk operation accidents, to enhance the safety awareness of the contractor's personnel. The Company conducted quantitative assessment of contractors, evaluating their safety, quality, and comprehensive management behaviour throughout the entire construction process, thereby promoting contractors to comprehensively inspect and improve their own compliance behaviours. In 2022, the Company conducted safety assessments on 2, 857 direct operators, cleared 67 operators from the construction site and cancelled the operating qualifications of 134 personnel. Carried out quantitative evaluations of safety performance, selected 36 advanced subsidiaries for safe production, and organised experiencesharing activities. Invited a thirdparty safety rating agency to carry out system certification reviews for subsidiaries. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company obtained the first International Safety Rating System (ISRS) sevenlevel certificate in the national petrochemical industry and became the first enterprise to reach level seven in the petrochemical industry in China. Safety performance evaluation review Formulated an oil spill control system, comprehensively identified oil spill risk points, formed a risk control list, and developed corresponding management and emergency response measures. Strengthened hazards investigation and treatment of submarine pipelines, and implemented management on the integrity of offshore platforms and submarine pipelines, fully completed relevant inspection. Strengthen oil spill management Conducted research on the application of artificial intelligence, big data, the industrial internet and other technologies within the industry, launched the pilot project of the Industrial Internet Production Safety via ProMACE Platform, and deeply integrated the construction of intelligent and digital platforms with production safety. Improve the intelligent level of safety production Organised special training around topics such as natural disaster safety in flood season, knowledge and management skills of maritime production safety inaccordance with relevant national laws, regulations and standards, comprehensively improving employees' abilities of risk identification and control and hazards detection and rectification. Production safety training Safety hazard screening and rectification Conducted special actions for the inspection and rectification of dangerous chemical leakage and gas, and special hazards treatment of oil and gas longdistance pipelines. Established 4 special safety inspection teams and completed 3 rounds of supervision tasks for 51 enterprises in total. Setup 14 inspection teams composed of internal safety experts to conduct special safety inspections for 42 enterprises.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 71 72 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Occupational Health Occupational health and safety is an important part of Sinopec's safety defence. Sinopec strictly abides by the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations, ensures the comprehensive prevention and control of occupational diseases, and actively promotes health management of employees about their work and life both physically and mentally. The Company has set a 100 detection rate of occupational disease hazards, 100 effective prevention and control rate, 100 occupational health checkup rate and 100 intervention rate for personnel at high risk of health as its occupational health management target, and has continued to carry out relevant health and safety management actions around this target. Management of Hazard Risks for Occupational Diseases Management of Employees' Occupational Health The Company attaches great importance to identifying, evaluating, and controlling occupational health risks and has integrated the management of occupational disease hazard risks into its comprehensive risk management system for an integrated approach to management. Together with the national departments of disease control and prevention, the Company conducted a thorough deeply investigation to grasp the pattern of occupational diseases, analysing and summarising the incidence of occupational diseases in the past decade, and formulated targeted improvement measures for key occupational diseases such as noise deafness and benzene poisoning, to effectively protect the health of employees. To address the occupational disease risk of noise deafness, the Company formulated and implemented the Guidance on the Implementation of Excessive Noise Treatment and compiled the Guidance on the Management of Noise Hazards in Petrochemical Enterprises. These guides provided guidance and direction to subsidiaries in the inspection and management of excessive noise positions and workplaces. The Company has effectively managed and controlled noise hazards, aswell as required subsidiaries to treat excessive noise as an occupational health hazard, and tracked the progress of excessive noise treatment in each subsidiary. We conducted noise control experiencesharing activities to promote advanced noise control technologies and management measures and summarised the noise control experience. In 2022, the Company spotchecked the occupational disease evaluation reports of 33 oil fields and refining subsidiaries. Any existing management and technical problems were immediately notified, and specific rectification measures were proposed. Enterprises with serious hazards, such as oilfield, refining and chemical subsidiaries, were thoroughly reviewed and monitored to ensure the occupational health and safety of all employees. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the management of employees' occupational health by combining the occupational health management concept with the HSE management system. The Company has set up an Occupational Health Sub Committee under the HSE Committee to coordinate the management of employees' occupational health, track the implementation of key indicators and ensure their occupational health. Organising staff to learn about the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control Law The Company's health and safety activities in 2022 9, 000 thematic publicity activities More than 30, 000 slogan banners Creating over 6, 000 consultation activities More than 30, 000 publicity personnel Deploying more than 500, 000 Covering Set the two indicators of new occupational diseases and nonproductive death as the monitoring indicators of the Company's HSE Committee. Indicators such as the control of excessive hazards, the provision of flameretardant work clothes, the quality inspection of labour protection materials, the occupational health knowledge education, and the implementation of EAP, are set as the monitoring indicators of the subcommittee. Coordinated and conducted the certification training for professional auditors on occupational health to provide human resources for professional audit. Tracked and oversaw the training system review and provided rectification measures for the problems found. Completed the initial research of the occupational health digital module pilot project and successfully launched it for trial at Yanshan Petrochemical Company. The Smart Helmet Project has completed the site construction and entered the trial operation stage. New technologies such as hazard alarm smart chip and portable hydrogen sulfide alarm have entered the development stage, providing convenient and safe protection for employees who works in the hydrogen sulfide distribution environment. Organised a series of occupational health publicity and education activities, such as holding the Publicity Week of the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, publishing occupational health knowledge on the official We Chat account, and preparing the Occupational Health Management Practice Manual for Petrochemical Enterprises to guide the occupational health and safety management of frontline employees. Organised a series of professional videowatching training on occupational health monthly to convey and explain the requirements of national laws and regulations and share the typical experience of noise control, provision and use of labour protection equipment and other contents. Improve system audit rules Strengthen audit qualification training Promote digital management of occupational health Occupational health promotion and training audiences
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 73 74 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Care for Employees' Mental Health Mental health is an important factor in ensuring employees' safety and health. Sinopec Corp. adheres to operating modes of the Employee Assistance Programmes (EAP) and scientifically protects the mental health of employees. In 2022, the Company further expanded the coverage of EAP service, integrated EAP with production safety management, and strengthened the range of psychological counselling services so that the EAP can reach more employees. Logistics Safety The Company places great emphasis on the prevention and control of safety risks associated with hazardous chemicals and considers it atop priority in its logistics safety management. To ensure standardised prevention and control of hazardous chemical safety, the Company identified applicable provisions from relevant chemical laws and regulations and incorporated them into its new safety management documents, continued to strengthen HSE management of logistics suppliers, updated the HSE risk list annually, and guided employees and suppliers to improve logistics safety management. In response to the newly released National Centralised Management Plan for Safety Risks of Hazardous Chemicals, the Company has formulated a series of management measures to ensure compliance with the new regulations on hazardous chemicals. The Company sees the construction of systematic platforms as one of the important measures to ensure logistics safety. EPEC launched a logistics cloud platform that enables transparent, efficient, and traceable transactions for logistics operations. The platform integrates logistics information with purchase orders and business processes, providing fullprocess traceability of logistic information from order handling, distribution, storage, to delivery. As of the end of 2022, 4, 089 logistics service providers had registered on the platform. Strengthen mental crisis intervention Incorporated mental crisis intervention into the corporate emergency rescue system and established a specialised intervention team to conduct tiered and classified mental intervention based on onsite questionnaire surveys, demand interviews, and facetoface observations, greatly improving the effect of mental interventions. Promote online psychological counselling Understood the grassroots employees' situation through the Advancing Sinopec Platform and conducted an online survey with more than 300, 000 employees to accurately understand their mental status. Continued to provide psychological assistance to employees deployed overseas via the 7 24 hour Employee Psychological Hotline and share psychological knowledge on the Sinopec Heart Happiness Counselling Platform. Carried out Heart Happiness Express EAP Visits to serve frontline subsidiaries and employees in need, getting through the last mile towards employees' minds. Ensure the physical and mental health of overseas employees Implemented the Guidance on Vigorously Implementing the Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) and the Opinions for Improving Overseas EAP Work to strengthen the training of overseas personnel, and provided more targeted mental counselling services, such as the health management platform for overseas employees and the Offshore Platform Mental Services module for offshore operations. Organised special education and training activities to ensure that employees fully understand and adhere to the new chemical laws and regulations, and integrate them into their daily work. Initiated the construction of an intelligent management and control platform for hazardous chemical safety to effectively control operational risks. Conducted a comprehensive investigation of the production and operation sites of subsidiaries to identify potential hazards and incorporate protective measures into the annual rectification plan. Strengthened supervision and inspection to ensure compliance with the new laws and regulations, and effectively promoted the prevention and control of hazardous chemicals through system audits, professional inspections, and safety supervision to prevent any violations. Response initiatives for the National Centralised Management Plan for Safety Risks of Hazardous Chemicals newly released in 2022 Invited logistics experts to carry out special training on practical operation safety in logistics links, and invited 13 experts and organised 6 special training sessions throughout the year. The training program covers specific practical operation links such as common cargo waterways highways, dangerous cargo waterways highways, hazardous chemical loading and unloading, ethylene oxide logistics, etc. Invited information technology experts to carry out systematic training on vehicle safety inspection and driver safety education, strengthened the application of information technologies for logistics safety, and improved the Company's overall logistics safety information management. Analysed the causes of common accidents such as leakage, rollover and in the transportation process of subsidiaries, and shared them with other subsidiaries via monthly meetings and special meetings to alert employees of potential logistics risks and improve their awareness of safety control. Key Points of Logistics Safety Training in 2022 Practical operation safety in logistics Application of information technology in logistics Special training themed promoting rectification by casesharing
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 75 76 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Information Security In strict compliance with the provisions of the Cyber Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Classified Protection of Network Security, the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure and other laws and regulations, the Company developed a network security management policy and standard system centred on the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures. The Company has established a Network Security and Informatisation Leading Group to lead the centralised coordination of network security efforts. The group reviews and approves medium and longterm network security plans, annual plans, and key work, providing guidance, coordination, supervision, and inspection of the network security of the Company to ensure the implementation of various network security tasks and responsibilities, to effectively prevent the misuse of customers' personal information and to ensure that the personal information collected from customers is used only for lawful and relevant purposes. As of 2022, there have been no major network security incidents reported. In 2022, the Company conducted a comprehensive analysis of information risks, implemented a series of targeted strategies and measures, and comprehensively enhanced information security management. Employees can report any information or network security concerns to the Sinopec Security Response Centre (SSRC) through three channels when suspicious matters of information security network security are found by reporting the incidents through the security operation platform to form a full closedloop management according to the incident handling process; by contacting the local communication group through the Company's internal communication software; by preparing a safety incident briefing and reporting it via email. Security Adhering to the overseas security concept of peopleoriented, prevention first and safe development, Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its overseas security management system and operation mechanism, and has maintained the zero death overseas security performance for 15 consecutive years. The Company promotes the development of overseas security emergency command systems and intranet deployment, continues to improve overseas security management systems, focuses on security risks in highrisk countries (regions) and key areas, and strengthens overseas security inspection and emergency drills. We actively organise overseas safety training and place great emphasis on the physical and mental health management of overseas employees. As of the end of 2022, the Company has published two issues of the Overseas Security Risk Assessment Report, identifying 138 security risks, organised 70 overseas security training courses, covering 1, 697 people, aswell as the training for all overseas security prevention personnel, with a total of 9, 723 participants, and published 124 issues of various publications on risk tracking, risk alert and situation analysis, including an issue of Annual Information Report on Country Risk and 4 issues of Country Risk Alert. Northwest Oilfield Cyber Security Propaganda at well stations Continued to revise and improve management measures such as the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures and Sinopec Network Security and the Informatisation Assessment Regulation, and updated technical specifications such as the Network Equipment Security Baseline. Formulated the Key Points of Sinopec's Network Security in 2022 and proposed 19 key tasks focused on responsibility implementation, compliance management, technical security prevention, operation system construction, and supervision and assessment. Continuously optimised the corporate network security evaluation system, with evaluation results directly related to the performance evaluation of Sinopec subsidiaries. Strengthened information and network security training and organised 45, 521 persontimes to learn the Company's network security system online through Sinopec Online Academy. Regularly carried out compliance review of data security system, conducted annual selfreviews and network security inspections and quarterly internal audits on ordinary IT controls and invited external audit institutions to conduct IT general control audits every six months. Invited national evaluation institutions to carry out threelevel system evaluation annually according to the Basic Requirements for Classified Protection of Network Security of Information Security Technology. Sinopec Security Response Centre (SSRC) carried out penetration tests on centralised, Internet application systems and newly built information systems, identified security risks and identified potential security risks and rectified them in a timely manner. Conducted internal attack and defence drills to evaluate the Company's ability to resist risks, continuously tracked and rectified the problems found in the predrill, comprehensively improving the Company's network security protection and the ability to resist risks. Provided regular disclosure on network security trends and various safety rectifications, continuously tracked and revisited the rectified security risks. SSRC dynamically monitored the Company's network, actively identified security hazards and vulnerabilities, analysed network attacks in realtime, and promptly responded to the threats of network irregularities. Prepared for the construction of overseas security operation subcentre and gradually built a normalised network security protection system to prevent and reduce business disruption caused by network security risks. Improving management mechanism Strengthening risk assessment Establishing a notification emergency mechanism
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 77 78 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents 05 Respecting and Protecting Human Rights Human Capital Management Employee Training and Development Employee Care 79 81 83 86
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 79 80 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Respecting and Protecting Human Rights The Company strictly abides by the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the Convention of the People's Republic of China on the Elimination of Discrimination in Employment and Occupation, and other international covenants and Human Rights Action Plan approved or signed by the Chinese government. It also strictly implements relevant domestic laws such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, and relevant laws, regulations and systems of other countries where it is operated, aswell as standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the National Human Rights Action Plan (20212025). Furthermore, the Company never disregards and tramples on human rights, always adheres to the principle of equal and nondiscriminatory employment, treats employees of different genders, regions, races and religious beliefs fairly and equitably, promotes the construction of a diverse workforce, respects and protects the rights and interests of employees, contractors and suppliers as well as occupational health and safety, and builds a harmonious, stable and healthy labour relationship. Diversity and Equal Opportunity Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the allaround development of its employees, actively promotes workforce diversity, and strives to create a diverse workplace. The Company provides equal opportunities for career development and fair compensation for all employees. Meanwhile, the Company fully protects the employment rights of individuals with disabilities, effectively manages the placement and support of its disabled employees, attends to their daily needs, and takes various measures to ensure the stability of their employment. Concerning addressing the specific needs of female employees, the Company established a female worker committee within the labour union to provide special care to its female workers. To effectively protect the rights and interests of female employees from the source, the Company requires all labour contracts and collective contracts to contain provisions for protecting the rights of female employees to be valid and effective. Regarding its operation, the Company attaches importance to labour safety and the health of female employees in the production process, organizes hygiene supervision and inspection, and continuously improves their work environments and conditions. In the meantime, the Company actively implements maternity and lactation leave provisions and a regular health examination system and places a priority on the physical and mental wellbeing of its female employees. Protecting Labour Rights The Company firmly implements the requirements of human rights legislation and international human rights conventions in the host country, thoroughly researched and strictly follows local laws and regulations, and collaborates closely with labour organisations in these countries. Through the formulation of relevant systems and measures, we will supervise the overseas employment process and fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of overseas employees. Meanwhile, we attach importance to the career growth and development of overseas employees, provide support and care, cultivate harmonious labour relations, and balance economic and social benefits for all. The Company signs written labour contracts with employees based on the principles of equality, voluntariness, and consensus. These contracts, approved or supervised by the local labour department, outline the terms of employment including the contract term, job duties and work place, working hours and breaks and vacation clauses, labour remuneration clauses, labour protection and occupational hazard protection clauses, and meet the necessary requirements outlined in labour contract regulations. In addition, the Company has also formulated a supporting labour management system for employees to ensure the strict implementation of these contracts and the protection of its employees' rights and interests. The Company reviews and confirms its recruitment practices and systems annually to avoid child labour and forced labour. In 2022, there were no incidents of child labour and forced and compulsory labour. Sinopec Corp. actively implements the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, builds harmonious labour relations, and promotes the fundamental principles of decent work. The Company strives to enhance its employees' sense of inclusion, satisfaction, and security with regard to human rights protection. It consciously resists any violations of human rights and takes a zerotolerance approach to discrimination based on nationality, gender, age, race, religion, pregnancy, or disability in areas such as recruitment, advancement, training, and compensation. The Company also operates based on the principle of equal communication and mutual benefit, collaborating with employees towards mutual growth and development. Constructing Harmonious Labour Relations Protecting Legitimate Rights and Interests of Employees Strengthening the Protection of Human Rights of Overseas Employees Percentage of female employees 31 4. 2 Percentage of ethnic minority employees Employee Communication and Participation The Company has established and continuously improved rules and regulations such as those related to collective consultation aswell as employees' congress and has implemented a democratic management plan. The Company protects the legitimate rights of employees, including the right to know, the right to participate, and the right to supervise, and encouraged employees to actively engage in its democratic management, allowing every employee to playa role in its development. The employees' congress serves as a vital communication channel between Sinopec Corp. and its employees. The Company has formulated the Measures for the Implementation of the Employees' Congress of Units Directly under Sinopec Corp. to clarify the basic principles, scope, and procedures for the establishment of the congress. It has also established and improved the system for directors and supervisors, providing a framework for employee representatives to fulfil their duties and participate incorporate governance in a lawful and organised manner. To further strengthen the democratic management of enterprises, the Company has set up specialised working groups to conduct democratic management research in an online offline way. The Company regularly encourages employee representatives to make proposals regarding issues such as safety production, environmental protection, enterprise management, production and operation, salary distribution, employee education and welfare. The responsible departments are required to gather and provide feedback on these proposals. Meanwhile, a sound closedloop feedback mechanism for processing proposals has been established, and the unprocessed proposals are submitted to the employee representatives in writing in a timely manner to give reasonable explanations. The Company actively organizes and carries out collective consultation, gathering the opinions of employee representatives in the process. Furthermore, it strengthens the communication between the labour union and the human resources department, and works together to negotiate the terms of the collective contract and special contract. After approval by the employees' congress, the labour union representative and the human resources representative sign the contract, ensuring that it accurately reflects the needs and interests of employees and protects their rights. In addition, the working committee of the Company's labour union insists on carrying out thousands of grassroot family visits to engage with employees and their families. The committee has established and improved the longterm visiting mechanism, encouraging leaders at all levels to visit grassroots teams and employees' families, listen to employee concerns, gather feedback, and actively address pressing issues. In 2022, the working committee of the labour union paid visits to employees and solved practical issues for them, with a total of 18, 000 problems identified, of which 17, 000 were solved. In 2022 were collected from employee representatives 6, 548 proposals 100 proposals implementation and response rate 2, 902 proposals were filed
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 81 82 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Human Capital Management Sinopec Corp. continues to improve the salary and welfare system, strengthen human resources risk management, prevent the risk of brain drain, and actively introduces highlevel talents, prioritises the development of a scientific and technological talent team, constantly works towards building adynamic and talented workforce and takes a solid and powerful step towards the construction of an major talent gathering hub and innovation highland in the energy and chemical industry. Human Resources Risk Management Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the risk management of human resources, specifically in regard to brain drain. The Company systematically and comprehensively monitors brain drain, the factors contributing to higher rates of turnover. By understanding the causes and characteristics of turnover, the Company has a clear goal in implementing its talentdriven development strategy. It aims to improve employee retention by providing greater opportunities for talent development, implementing precise and effective incentives, and fostering a positive and supportive work environment. In recent years, the Company's turnover rate has stabilised, crossed the inflection point and its efforts have effectively addressed the issue of brain drain. Salary and Benefits The Company implements a parallel distribution policy for salary and nonsalary incentives, utilising targeted hierarchical management. Its multidimensional and multilevel salary distribution system takes into account the value of the position, ability level, and performance contribution. This system covers basic salary, performance bonuses, and mediumto longterm incentives. The Company actively benchmarks its salary performance against the market and, integrates these findings to enhance our salary competitiveness to key, core talent and create a fair salary distribution structure. The Company has established and continuously improved the employee remuneration and welfare security system, ensuring the timely and full payment of the pension, medical, workrelated injury, maternity, unemployment and other social insurance and housing provident fund for employees in accordance with the relevant national and local policies and regulations. It has also established a unified enterprise annuity system, and organised supplementary medical insurance for employees. In addition, the Company strictly implements the relevant policies and regulations of the state on maternity leave, parental leave and other employee welfare. In terms of talent introduction and allocation, the Company implements a differentiated talent introduction strategy and establishes a threedimensional approach and a flexible talent acquisition channel. By focusing on targeted talent acquisition, leveraging external resources, and actively participating in the national highlevel talent introduction plan, Sinopec Corp. vigorously implements the Double Hundred Plan to attract highlevel talents at home and abroad. This has led to a steady increase in the number of highlevel talents. In 2022, the Company introduced nearly 10, 000 graduates to fully guarantee the strategic reserve of talents. In 2022, a group of outstanding talents won national honourary titles, including two winners of the Geological Society of China Field Youth Geological Contribution Award, one winner of Outstanding Female Geological Scientist, one winner of the Chinese Skills Award, and three winners of the National Technical Expert. Human Resource Management Measures Improve system construction Optimise and innovate training Work on appraisal and incentive methods Prepared the Sinopec Medium and Longterm Talent Development Plan in the 14 th Five Year Plan Period Launched the Implementation Opinions on Strengthening the Construction of Scientific and Technological Talents and the Implementation Opinions on Strengthening the Contruction of Skilled Talents Launched the Opinions on Strengthening the Incentive and Supporting Mechanism for Scientific and Technological Innovation, and raised the prize money for the Scientific and Technological Innovation Merit Award to RMB 1 million and for the Scientific and Technological Progress Grand Award to RMB 3 million Implement the training schemes of strategic scientists, and the Future Scientists training plan
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 83 84 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Online training participation (persontimes) Total amount of online training (hours)Indicators 1, 259, 800 27, 721, 3002020 2021 2022 6, 152, 170 51, 432, 9006, 375, 520 60, 847, 600 Management personnel Level Technical talent Level International talent Level Employee Training and Development Guided by the principle of building an important talent gathering centre and innovation highland, Sinopec Corp. is committed to fostering both vertical and horizontal talent development growth opportunities for its employees. The Company provides multilevel, multiangle and multidirectional development paths to enable employees to acquire knowledge and skills, and to gain valuable professional experience. Establishing a Multilevel Training System The Company actively builds a multilevel, efficient and targeted training system that ensures systematic training for managers, professional training for technical personnel, and scientificallybased training for international talents. Refining the Cooperative Training Mode The Company is committed to building anew cooperative talent training mode between schools and enterprises. On the one hand, it continues to foster partnerships with domestic higher institutions, on the other hand, it continues to deepen joint training projects with prestigious universities worldwide and actively promotes the new apprenticeship system. The Company and Imperial College London collaborate in training young scientific and technological talents and build a reserve talent echelon in the field of science and technology. From 2019 to 2022, a total of 5 batches of 14 students received the Sinopec Doctoral Scholarship. Promoting the Upgrading of Vocational Skills Inaccordance with the Management Regulations on the Professional Title Evaluation of Sinopec Corp. and the Management Regulations on the Professional Skill Level Recognition of Sinopec Corp., the Company continues to promote the reform of professional title evaluation and professional skill level recognition, and actively carries out talent evaluation. The Skills Promotion Action, Skills Competition Action, and Skills Innovation Action are implemented to encourage the transformation from Elite Competition to Full Competition. In 2022, the Company declared and undertook 4 national Class II competitions, 5 companylevel Class I competitions and 4 Class II competitions; 301 employees passed the evaluation of senior (professorlevel) titles and 909 employees were awarded senior technicians. Consolidate and improve the 8 level progressive systematic training system, provide specialised training to leaders in areas such as carbon peaking and carbon neutralisation, corporate governance, philosophical thinking and value management, and explore innovative ways to integrate training with practical experience through training programs for young and midlevel managers, elevating the capabilities of leaders and driving the Company's highquality growth. Strengthen the echelon training of technical and skilled talents, offer programs for experts and talent development in areas such as the integration and innovation of strategic science, the highquality development of oil and gas, the green and lowcarbon development of refining and chemical industry, forging and upgrading of craftsmen in big countries, and strengthen safety training and basic skills training for grassroots frontline employees. Focus on restructuring the system to cultivate overseas project teams, explore building a hierarchical and professional matrix training mode for international talents, strengthen the training of international leading talents, professional backbones and reserve talents, and provide training for overseas project managers, international trade managers, international financial talents and foreignrelated legal compliance talents and organise advanced training for the strategic reserve force of reserve talents. Specialist technicians conduct the indepth training at production sites Teacherapprentice improves staff skills and operational level In 2022, Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang (Morning Suns) Program training system for young talents won the 2022 Corporate Leadership Award of the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education affiliated with United Nations Edu cational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), becoming the only Chinese enterprise to win this honour in the past 10 years. Employee Training The Company continues to enhance its toplevel design of employee training and prioritises the development of key personnel such as managers, technical and skilled workers, and international talents. It aims to build a highquality, highlevel employee education and training system and has developed the Outline of Sinopec Education and Training System, which provides path planning and strategic guidance for talent growth and organisational capacity improvement. The Company facilitates training experience exchange among grassroots frontline employees, raises the quality of frontline employee training, and accelerates the coconstruction and sharing of highquality training resources. In 2022, the Company carried out a total of 33 key training programs, training 5, 732 participants. The Sinopec Network College trained a total of 6, 375, 520 participants, with more than 60 million hours of study. In 2022, investment in vocational training reached RMB 871 million.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 85 86 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility International Association for Continuing Engineering Education Confers this IACEE Award for Corporate Leadership in Continuing Engineering Education Given in Memory of Glen L. Martin on 10 June 2022 to Sinopec In Recognition of Outstanding Commitment and Support to Continuing Engineering Education Soma Chakrabarti, PhD Nelson Baker, PhD IACEE President IACEE Secretary General Featured case Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang (Morning Suns) Program aimed at nurturing young talent won the 2022 IACEE Award for Corporate Leadership in Continuing Engineering Education, becoming the only Chinese enterprise to win the award in the past decade Career Development The Company is committed to developing a scientific, transparent and diversified career development path for its employees, and establishing a standardised channel for talent growth. It is constantly looking for ways to expand the opportunities for career advancement horizontally and vertically. Additionally, the Company is actively working to improve its expert management system, which plays a crucial role in guiding and inspiring employees to reach their full potential. In 2022, the Company revised and improved the Sinopec Corp. Expert Management Measures and the Sinopec Corp.'s Selection and Management Measures for Highlevel Skill Positions to develop a longitudinally smooth and horizontally coherent talent development mechanism. Longitudinally, the Company has expanded the fields for expert positions. Based on selecting and appointing three chief scientists of group companies, the position of Chief Engineering and Technology Master was set up and expert selection and appointment work was carried out. Horizontally, Sinopec Corp. has broken down the barriers of crosssequence horizontal development, promoting transfers of positions across teams and establishing a mutual recognition policy for vocational skill levels and professional titles. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had 24 academicians, 7 national young and middleaged experts with outstanding contributions, 22 national candidates for the National Hundred, Thousand, and Ten Thousand Talent Project, 9 overseas highlevel experts, 375 onthejob employee enjoying special government allowances, 8 winners of the China Skills Award and 104 winners of the National Technical Expert. Employee Care The Company conducts a longterm survey on its employee support and assistance efforts, strengthening the research on the compliance management policy of employee support and assistance. To continuously improve its employee support and assistance working mechanism, the Company provides targeted support and assistance to employees and their families who are in difficulty. This is done through partner assistance and volunteering programs, providing meaningful support for those in real difficulties. Its labour unions at various levels organised normalised activities to give support to people in need and strengthened the service to expand the scope of assistance and cover more people. Meanwhile, the Company also places a strong emphasis on the mental health of its employees, offering groupwide EAP services and diverse online and offline sports and recreational activities, promoting work and living for employees with happiness and health. In 2022, the Company provided targeted supports and assistance 196, 164 persontimes through labour unions at various levels. Performance Appraisal Sinopec Corp. has established a hierarchical and classified performance appraisal management system that covers all employees and carries out differentiated annual performance appraisals for employees of different levels and categories. The appraisal process emphasises performance assessment orientation, covering work performance, workability and work style, and strives to openly, comprehensively and truly reflect the work situation of employees. Meanwhile, the results of the appraisal are communicated back to the employees in a timely manner to ensure that the appraisal management can fully play a positive role in supporting their professional growth and development. For management employees, the Company has formulated differentiated performance appraisal responsibility documents aligned with the position and work division of management employees. Assessment indicators, target values and appraisal weights are defined, taking into account both the overall performance of the Company and the performance of the business units they oversee, and the appraisal scores and results are determined in strict accordance with the completion of each indicator. The annual remuneration level of management employees is tied to their performance appraisal results. The Company included key ESG indicators as binding indicators in the annual performance assessment for the leadership team of business units and subsidiaries, including indicators on production safety, anticorruption, energy conservation, environmental protection, addressing climate change, quality management, operational compliance, etc. Among them, production safety indicators include but are not limited to penalties for safety violations, contractor safety, etc.; energy conservation, environmental protection and addressing climate change indicators include but are not limited to greenhouse gas emissions, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, penalties for environmental violations, etc. Management staff who have failed to meet the appraisal targets will have their comprehensive appraisal score deducted accordingly. In addition, the Company has linked the annual performance bonus of the leadership team to their appraisal result on response to climate change. For each point deducted, a certain percentage of his her annual performance bonus will be reduced accordingly, up to 20 of the total amount. Incase of particularly significant safety, environmental and quality accidents or incidents, the comprehensive appraisal results will be directly reduced to unqualified. In June 2022, the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education (IACEE), an unofficial organisation affiliated with UNESCO, announced the 2022 IACEE Award for Corporate Leadership in Continuing Engineering Education. Sinopec Corp. was honoured tobe the only Chinese enterprise in the past decade to receive this award for its successful implementation and innovative approach to the Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents. This recognition has boosted Sinopec Corp.'s brand reputation and increased the international impact of Chinese enterprises in the field of human resource management, particularly in the area of talent learning and development. The Zhaoyang Program for young talents is a talent training project launched and implemented by Sinopec Corp. for its 150, 000 young employees. Starting with newly recruited college and university graduates, and considering the aims to support the growth strategy of Sinopec Corp. and improve the career prospects of its new hires, the program is delivered in a progressive and systematic manner, with three stages Breaking Dawn, New Rising Sun and Flaming Red Rising Sun. Taking into account their actual situation, Sinopec Corp.'s subsidiaries studied and put forward detailed implementation measures and plans to include all new employees in the Zhaoyang Program, and training was provided at each stage to various young talents. The quality training system was improved to include source training, followup training and whole process training. Innovative training was also provided, including the young leaders training, the Young Marxist Training Project training, the Future Scientists training, the outstanding engineers cultivation training and the internationalised operation strategic reserves intensified training, resulting in significant training outcomes. The Council of IACEE recognised Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents as a model for innovative and effective training, and praised the project for its systematic planning of training paths, integrated and innovative training model, integrated schoolenterprise cooperation, optimised training organisation and operation, continuous improvement of training quality and gathering advantageous resources from all sides. The Zhaoyang Program has set an example for other enterprises globally and showcases the worldclass leadership of Sinopec Corp. in continuing engineering education.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 87 88 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Fulfilling Social Responsibility 06 Contributing to Social Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Communication and Engagement Product and Service Management Promoting Winwin Development of the Industry 89 93 95 98 102
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 89 90 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Contributing to Social Philanthropy Upholding the principle of supporting rural revitalisation and common prosperity, the Company actively participates in the establishment of asocial contribution system to improve people's livelihood and wellbeing and promote social equity. The Company has been carrying out nationwide social philanthropy and voluntary activities and has explored and developed a number of Sinopecstyle support and assistance mode. Sinopec Corp. is dedicated to addressing people's concerns, improving their lives, and contributing to social development. Contributing to Rural Revitalisation and Common Prosperity According to the 14 th Sinopec Five Year Plan for Rural Revitalisation, the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Education Support, and the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Rural Revitalisation through Product Consumption, the Company accelerates the implementation of poverty alleviation projects on fields of industry, education, and consumption, making practical contributions to rural revitalisation and common prosperity. In 2022, the Company invested RMB 211 million in assistance funds, and introduced RMB 231 million in assistance funds for poverty alleviation. It also trained 65, 300 participants, and assisted in marketing RMB 1. 156 billion worth of products from targeted poverty areas, leading to new heights in poverty alleviation indicators in six targeted counties. 70 directly affiliated subsidiaries undertook the task of relieving 616 villages from poverty. The Company dispatched 927 cadres stationed in villages and recruited 31 internal volunteers to participate in the education and construction of targeted counties. Deepening the policy One County, One Chain and broadening the channels for farmers to increase their income and become rich The Company continues to improve its one county, one chain poverty alleviation mode and industrial development plan, promoting the integration of industrial development and poverty alleviation through consumption, forming a positive cycle of production promoting marketing, marketingoriented production, mutual promotion of production and marketing, and twoway promotion. The aim is to extend the industry from farming to deep processing of products, and establish each county with a highquality agricultural product industry chain and a number of marketcompetitive products, creating a full chain support mode combining industry consumption and one county, one chain. Strengthening educational assistance, running local schools Starting from hardware and software, centreing on promoting educational assistance from campus, teachers and students, the Company explored a new mode of collectivised, threedimensional and paired educational assistance, aiming to effectively improve the level of basic education in rural areas and create a better environment for children's growth and success. Giving full play to the advantages of channels, building a support model of industry consumption The Company continued to play its own advantages, using 28, 000 Easy Joy convenience stores, group purchase network for Sinopec Corp. employees and other online and offline platforms, to create a Sinopecstyle industry consumption support model. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. provided support and assistance for 1, 963 types of products, covering 22 provinces and 149 poverty alleviation counties, with total sales of RMB 1. 156 billion for poverty alleviation. Variety cultivation intensive processing Brand building flagship industry cultivation Professional operation powerful marketing Starting with the source of the industrial chain, Sinopec Corp. promoted the industrial chain of agricultural products developing from primary processing to intensive processing through largescale planting, acquisition, storage, transportation and processing. With the assistance of Sinopec Corp., Dongxiang County Quinoa Processing Industrial Park (Phase 1) has been in production smoothly. The Company gave full play to its advantages of specialised operation and sales channels to help the integrated development of the tertiary industry in rural areas. In 2022, the Company sold more than RMB 70 million of Dongxiang quinoa by increasing offline marketing efforts and organising social philanthropy live streaming named Charity Selection. Relying on the Company's advantages in management and human resources, Sinopec Corp. explored the establishment of a multiparty cooperative development model of government scientific research institutions enterprises new business entities farmers to help regional characteristic industries to gain larger, stronger and better development. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. and the People's Government of Dongxiang Autonomous County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province signed the Framework Agreement on the Five Year Work Plan for Sinopec Corp. to Help Dongxiang County. In the next five years, Sinopec Corp. will provide further support to Dongxiang by investing over RMB 500 million in assistance funds, helping the county achieve its goal of rural revitalisation. Dongxiang Autonomous County was once considered a severely povertystricken area, designated as one of the Three Regions and Three Prefectures, and the primary target for poverty alleviation in Gansu Province. Since 2013, Sinopec Corp. has made significant efforts to provide paired assistance to Dongxiang. The Company has invested over RMB 700 million in assistance funds, implemented 236 assistance projects, and benefited over 154, 000 people. The first Spring Bud Power Station was built at Dongxiang Petrochemical Middle School, designed as a girlfriendly space. This project has received high praise from both the local government and residents. Coordinating Production with Marketing Bringing Agricultural Products to Thousands of Households from the Field Sinopec Corp. constantly optimises its production, supply, and marketing operations, leverages its strengths in channels, marketing, and flow, and creates a special support model of driving sales through channels, driving the development of industries through sales, and promoting revitalisation through the development of industries. Through these efforts, Sinopec Corp. has injected vitality into Dongxiang and helped locals increase their income. Enlightening Locals through Education Assistance Allowing Children to Enjoy Better Education Sinopec Corp. regards education assistance as the top priority. The Company supported the Bulenggou Primary School, which has helped address the issue of local children facing difficulties in attending school. Moreover, the Company setup Sinopec Fellowship and provided support for the hope project Care for Girls. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. and the China Children and Teenagers' Fund jointly launched the Spring Bud Power Station public welfare project under the guidance of the All China Women's Federation. The first Spring Bud Power Station, designed as a girlfriendly space, has been built at Dongxiang Petrochemical Middle School. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has invested a total of RMB 174 million in implementing 28 assistance projects and supporting 881 students in need, promoting highquality and balanced development of education. To date, with pairing assistance and the designated support from Sinopec Corp., 11 Spring Bud Power Stations have been built successfully. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. conducted a survey titled Bearing in Mind the Mission and Further Promoting Rural Revitalisation in Dongxiang. During the survey, Ma Yongsheng, chairman of Sinopec Corp. and an academician with the Academy of Engineering, gave an onsite lecture First Class Begins based on the significant changes brought about by the Company's poverty alleviation practices in Dongxiang over the past decade. To drive rural revitalisation, Sinopec Corp. has been continuously promoting regional industrial development, education enhancement, product sales, employment, and rural governance at Dongxiang according to local conditions. The Company has been sending appointed cadres and volunteers to strengthen the whole industry chain for various industries, especially the quinoa industry. The Company planned to increase the number of aided schools to 15 to expand the impact of the Spring Bud Power Station as a girlfriendly space and help improve the overall education level in Dongxiang. Moreover, the Company has been promoting highquality development of the local economy by expanding employment opportunities and increasing residents' income. Featured case Sinopec Corp. launched the fiveyear work plan to help Dongxiang Invested a total of RMB 50 million in hardware renovation, such as equipping intelligent interactive blackboards and upgrading campus libraries. Sent a total of 245 volunteers to the schools receiving assistance from Sinopec Corp. fora total of 1, 196 days. Mobilised the EAP counselors of Sinopec Corp. to organise more than 500 psychological counseling sessions for teachers and students. On the basis of the pairing of sister schools, Sinopec Corp. invited experts and famous teachers to enhance the training of local teachers by adopting the mode of expert guidance case study practice exercise achievement demonstration. Carried out deep cooperation with the China Children and Teenagers' Fund, implemented the Spring Bud Power Station to help girls, built 11 Girls' Growth Friendly Spaces and distributed 1, 500 Schoolbags of Spring Bud Love. Conducted mandarin promotion activities named Childlike Innocence to the Party, Contribute with Love among 8, 000 teachers and students in 15 schools receiving the assistance from Sinopec Corp. in western China. Gradually expanded the coverage of cloud classroom, promoted the programme of Having the Same lesson in schools in the east and west of China, and significantly improved teaching quality. More than 2, 000 teachers have been trained, and more than 170 mentoring pairs of Lanqing Master and Apprentice have been established. Mobilised the Company's employees to pair upwith local students, and totally helped more than 1, 500 students. Onetoone pairing Collectivisation assistance Threedimensional assistance
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 91 92 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Southeast Guizhou Company carries out the Start of Winter activity, Heart Warming Dumplings Share the Taste of 'Home' Public Welfare Action Sinopec has participated in a series of public welfare projects for many years to actively give back to society, such as Sinopec Lifeline Express, Warm Stations Prorgamme, Sanitation Workers' Stations Programme, Driver's Home Programme for Truck Drivers and Spring Bud Project for Young Girls. Also, the Company upholds the volunteer service spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutualassistance, and progress, and encourages its employees to actively participate in volunteer activities to contribute love and warmth to the society. In 2022, Sinopec set up 3, 132 youth volunteer service teams, and 87, 000 young people from Sinopec voluntarily registered as young volunteers. They have been actively contributing to rural revitalisation, service guarantee for major events and community harmony construction. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. has built and operated 3, 586 Drivers' Homes and 5, 415 Warm Stations across China. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has served more than 53 million migrant workers returning to rural areas during the Spring Festival by providing more than 48, 000 volunteer services and refuelling more than 132, 000 litres of 92, 000 motorcycles free of charge. Over the past 18 years, the Company has donated RMB 184 million to public welfare undertakings of Health Express, entered 44 service points in 18 provinces (autonomous regions), and helped more than 50, 000 poor cataract patients and their families to get out of the predicament. The Company also donated 23 cataract treatment centres and provided technical training and advanced diagnostic and therapeutic equipment for local ophthalmologists, serving as Sinopec Lifeline Express that never leaves. Sanitation workers taste sweet soup balls at Warm Stations Offering services for 2, 769 days in total. Providing 126 training sessions on prevention of common diseases, trauma first aid, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation, with more than 10, 800 attendances. Opening up a health consultation hotline, and offering more than 12, 600 consultations. Organising more than 30 medical treatment trips to patients in the countryside, helping out more than 7, 000 villagers, transferring 1, 716 patients with sudden illness, delivering 5 newborns, and saving 307 lives from the death line. Desert Health Express medical volunteer service An Express for Regaining Sight Sinopec Lifeline Express Home on the Road Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme The Company has built the gas station into a window for volunteer services by setting up Driver's Home and Warm Stations to provide warm services such as rest, catering, hot water, bathing, laundry, parking, and charging for outdoor and new forms of workers such as truck drivers, sanitation workers, and couriers. It has made every efforts to build a home on the road for outdoor workers. Sinopec Lifeline Express marks the first health express donated by domestic enterprises. It is equipped with advanced ophthalmic diagnosis and treatment equipment and professional doctors, with a success rate of cataract surgery more than 99. The Express enters three regions each year, and stays in each region for three months, treating an average of 3, 000 patients annually. Desert Health Express Medical Assistance Volunteer Service Project in Remote Areas The Desert Health Express medical volunteer service team of Northwest Oilfield was established in May 2015 by leveraging the resources of the gasdefence medical station at the Northwest Oilfield Public Security Fire Control Centre. The team signed cooperation agreements with the Beijing Road Medical Area of the General Hospital of Xinjiang Military Region and the people's hospitals in Bazhou, Luntai County, Kuqa City, and Shaya County to setup emergency green medical channels. Additionally, the team has implemented a volunteer service model that involves pairing up with the masses, providing menubased medical consultations, and utilising hospital linkage to enhance medical care. The team is composed of 27 medical personnel with professional rescue qualifications, covering the southern Xinjiang work area of Northwest Oilfield and surrounding towns and villages. The team engages in extensive volunteer work, including selfrescue and mutualrescue knowledge dissemination, telemedicine consultation, free medical treatment, medical delivery, and health knowledge lectures. As a result of their dedication, the team has been praised by the locals as the lifeline of the desert. In 2022, the Desert Health Express medical assistance volunteer service project in remote areas won the bronze prize in the 6 th China Youth Volunteer Service Project Competition. Helping Homebound Migrant Workers during the Spring Festival For ten consecutive years, Sinopec Corp. has been launching a largescale public welfare activity called Warm Stations Help Homebound Migrant Workers during the Spring Festival. With gas stations as the service platform, Sinopec Corp. has provided free refuelling for Homebound Migrant Workers on Motorcycle in key areas such as Guangdong, Guangxi, and Jiangxi, aswell as free services such as hot porridge, ginger soup, rest room, and baby care room. In 2022, the Warm Stations Programme was transformed and upgraded by incorporating 243 new gas stations to provide nearly 20 kinds of free convenience services for outdoor workers and leftbehind personnel, such as emergency medicines, hot water, and hot food. Employees of Taizhou Company volunteer to help farmers harvest Wendan In 2022 0. 965 million persontimes The service times of volunteers were 1. 601 million hourswith a service duration of
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 93 94 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sustainable Supply Chain Sinopec Corp. always attaches great importance to the optimisation of supply chain management, and insists on incorporating ESG into its suppliers and contractors management system. The Company actively promotes the principle of honest, safe, timely, green and economic procurement, building a compliant, green and responsible procurement system. The Company prioritises the ESG performance of suppliers and contractors and encourages them to strengthen sustainable development management and practices through risk identification and management mechanisms and supporting social and environmental risk prevention systems. Supplier Management Sinopec Corp. evaluates the ESG performance of suppliers insocial responsibility, environmental protection, resource conservation, safety management, and other aspects by incorporating health and safety and environmental protection requirements into the supplier qualification audit process. This evaluation process encourages suppliers to continuously improve their own governance level and practise sustainable development. Meanwhile, to further improve the standards and systems of green procurement, the Company compiled and issued the Key Points of Green Procurement Work for Sinopec Corp. in 2022 based on the existing green procurement management measures to actively advance the development of Three New industries, to comprehensively promote the transformation of green and lowcarbon procurement. Signup The Company includes a clause in the template of tender documents that states any supplier who has experienced major safety accidents, been included in the list of serious illegal and dishonest enterprises or the list of dishonest individuals subject to execution in the past two years will be denied. This measure helps prevent and control supply risks from the source. Suppliers must sign the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics and promise to strictly abide by the laws and regulations related to anticorruption and antibribery, aswell as the internal integrity regulations of both parties. Qualification inspection The Company has integrated environmental protection, resource conservation, and sustainability management into its supplier assessment process by adding HSE system certification, quality management system certification, pollution discharge permits, energy management system certifications, green product and lowcarbon product certifications to the list of qualification requirements for suppliers. Onsite inspection The inspection covers the suppliers' ISO 14000 and ISO 18000 system certifications, green products standards, workplace safety emergency management system, labour protection measures, discharge and emissions, and waste treatment. HSE management factors have been given greater weight for onsite inspection criteria. A thirdparty evaluation institution is entrusted to carry out onsite due diligence of suppliers by onsite investigation and interview, covering but not limited to production and operation, equipment plant, company personnel, internal control management, financial management, etc. In 2022, the Company conducted due diligence on 2, 933 suppliers, bringing the accumulative total to 10, 378. Digital procurement supervision platform Supplier training The Company focuses on 26 key areas of material procurement, such as bidding and procurement framework agreement, to build a procurement process management and supervision platform. This platform promotes standardised, toolbased, and automated risk prevention and control, and facilitates the construction of a digital procurement business supervision system. The Company held supplier training sessions, introducing its principles of material supply and management, critical points of bidding management system, and established stricter anticorruption, environmental protection, safety management, and green procurement standards, urging suppliers to fulfil their obligations of acting in good faith. Comprehensive evaluation of suppliers The Company establishes supplier performance evaluation indicators that feature corporate credit certification, product quality evaluation, dynamic performance evaluation, and market performance as the main contents. These indicators help objectively evaluate the comprehensive strength of suppliers. Corporate credit certification standards include green management system construction, green product certification and other environmental protection lowcarbon performance evaluation indicators, aswell as corporate environmental penalties, social security, and other social responsibility performance evaluation indicators. By the end of 2022, suppliers with AAAA corporate credit certification accounted for 68. 8, while BBBB and CCCC suppliers accounted for 31. 1 and 0. 1, respectively. Vigorously Promoting Green Procurement In 2022, the Company issued the Key Points of Green Procurement Work for Sinopec Corp. and the Green Material Procurement Catalogue for Sinopec Corp. (2022 Edition) to implement the national energy efficiency enhancement plan. These measures aim to optimise energysaving technology and equipment, and comprehensively promote the upgrading and procurement of products. To strengthen its commitment to sustainability, Sinopec Corp. incorporates green evaluation indicators such as green management system construction, clean production, safe production, treatment of three wastes, green warehousing, packaging, and logistics into supplier evaluation standards. Moreover, it clarifies the selection conditions and requirements in procurement plans, bid evaluation methods, and contract terms to encourage suppliers into developing green technologies and green products. In this way, it offers support and guidance for the green transformation of suppliers. In the meantime, the Company continuously strengthens the search and cultivation of energy supply resources in geothermal, hydrogen, photovoltaic, wind and other new energy fields, and actively serves the development of the Three New industries. ESG Risk Management for Suppliers Due diligence Qualification inspection
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 95 96 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Contractor Management To continuously encourage contractors into enhancing their responsibility performance, the Company incorporates ESGrelated requirements such as openness and transparency, integrity, anticorruption, HSE qualification and management, safety and environmental protection qualification and management, in its management systems such as the Sinopec Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, the Regulations on Sinopec Quality Accident Management, the Management Regulations on Sinopec Production Safety Accident, the Management Measures on Sinopec's Scoring and Quantitative Assessment of Project Contractors, and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Engineering Construction and Maintenance Contractors. The Company constantly promotes the scoring and quantitative assessment of contractors and employees, and assesses contractors' safety, quality, progress, comprehensive management and other behaviours. The Company assesses these behaviours through event records, urging contractors to comprehensively review and improve their own practices. In 2022, the Company scored 2, 857 direct operators for safety and identified 67 operators who were given compulsory departure, and 134 operators were given suspension of operation qualification. In addition, by applying the contractor management information platform, the Company realised the comprehensive management of contractors and employees, and significantly improved the management and control level. Community Communication and Engagement Sinopec Corp. prioritises coordinated development with the communities where it is operated, and takes swift action in identifying, assessing, and resolving any risks that may conflict with the community. The Company implements a community communication mechanism and development participation plan that respects the cultural customs and rituals of the community, promoting the winwin situation of enterprise development and community prosperity. Community Communication Mechanism Assessment of Impact on Community Sinopec Corp. establishes an environmental information disclosure system that ensures timely and lawful disclosure of environmental information. Moreover, it also sets up pollutant discharge signs outside the stations where pollutants are discharged, which display information such as the main processes, types of pollutants produced, and amount of pollutants discharged. Complaint hotlines are also provided for the public to report any environmental issues. More details on the environmental complaint mechanism can be found in the section Environmental Protection Management and Targets of this report. In 2012, the Company initiated the activity Opening the Door to Run Enterprises, which was later upgraded to the largescale brand activity Sinopec Public Open Day in 2016. Over the past decade, the Company has invited various stakeholders, including community residents, students, government officials, and media reporters to visit the site, totalling more than 220, 000 visits. Through live broadcasting, the event has been attended by over 80 million people online. This has made it the first public open day event for stateowned enterprises and the largest public open day event for industrial enterprises in China. Furthermore, the Company proactively organises popular science activities to facilitate communication with the public on the petrochemical industry, energysaving and environmental protection initiatives, etc. Six popular science activities, including Exploring Intelligent Energy Public Open Day, 'Popularising Shale Gas Knowledge' Special Public Open Day, Embracing the Winwin Future of Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality - Geothermal Science Popularisation Exhibition, Special Activity on Shale Gas Science Popularisation, 'Entering Yangzi' Science Popularisation Summer Camp, and 'Red Scarfs' Seeking for the Ways to Serve China through Industries were selected as the excellent activities of the National Science Day in 2022. The Company formulates social impact assessment procedures covering key stages before project commissioning, such as project proposal development, construction scheme formulation, and environmental protection acceptance, to ensure that the whole life cycle of the project complies with national and local environmental laws and regulations. Overseas subsidiaries often hold public hearings in the communities where they operate before engaging in important construction and production activities. This allows locals to voice their opinions and ensures that community and resident interests are protected as much as possible. In 2022, the Company issued the Sinopec Notice on Strengthening the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution to investigate risks from the aspects of strengthening the prevention and control of noise pollution in new projects. The notice focused on consolidating noise pollution control in production enterprises, strictly controlling noise pollution in construction sites, engaging in noise monitoring and information disclosure, increasing research and development of noise pollution prevention and control technologies, and personnel training. The comprehensive remediation of noise pollution shall be included in the scope of special investigation and remediation of the Company's environmental protection compliance inaccordance with the law, and the Sinopec Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Compliance Checklist shall be prepared and incorporated into the environmental protection information system for realtime monitoring. Project proposal development Preparation of construction scheme Environmental protection acceptance The Company added a special chapter on environmental protection in the project proposal design and feasibility study report, identifying environmentally sensitive targets, and formulating corresponding pollution prevention and ecological protection measures in combination with national and local environmental protection policies and management systems such as the Management Measures on Environmental Protection of Sinopec and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control. The Company organised an environmental impact assessment, and entrusted a thirdparty assessment agency to prepare an environmental impact assessment report. The approval requirements of environmental impact assessments are incorporated into the special chapter on the environmental protection of the construction scheme. During public participation in environmental impact assessments, the Company actively seeks opinions and suggestions from surrounding communities. After the project construction begins, the Company conducts regular checks to ensure that environmental protection measures are being implemented properly during the construction phase of projects in accordance with the requirements of the environmental assessment. Upon completion, the Company also organises timely inspections and acceptance of the projects in terms of environmental protection to ensure that they are put into operation incompliance with relevant laws and regulations. Since 2011, Jinling Petrochemical Company has established and continuously improved the reward system for environmental protection reporting to encourage the surrounding communities and all employees to actively participate in environmental protection supervision. The company setup a special hotline for receiving environmental protection supervision reports and encouraged anyone who detects abnormal odour to call and report the situation. Upon receiving a report, Jinling Petrochemical Company immediately conducts tracing, searching, and analysis. If the odour is caused by production, the relevant subsidiaries are promptly urged to rectify the issue; if the odour is caused by an external source, it will also be promptly reported to the informer to jointly supervise and improve the regional atmospheric environmental quality. To incentivise the public to participate in environmental protection supervision, Jinling Petrochemical Company offers telephone card rewards to those who actively participate in environmental protection reporting. This initiative has effectively motivated the public to get involved in environmental protection supervision and jointly build odourfree factories. Case Establishing a Reward System for Environmental Protection Reporting
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 97 98 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Community Participation Programme The Company firmly upholds its commitment to repaying the local area and contributing to the prosperity of the local economy, by actively engaging in community development support work and promoting local community construction and economic development. Its overseas subsidiaries strictly implement the tax payment requirements in accordance with local laws, abide by international safety, health, and environmental protection standards, and give priority to the employment of local employees. Moreover, they strive to increase the localisation ratio of employees, provide job opportunities for local talents, improve the wellbeing of residents in local communities, advance the sustainable development of the community environment, and achieve mutual growth between the Company and the community. Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company hasan industrial diversion canal of more than 20 kilometres long that flows through Two Cities and One District. It is not only a special canal for oil refining production, but also undertakes the task of guaranteeing irrigation water for more than 50, 000 mu (about 33. 3 km 2) of farmland along the canal. In order to meet the local irrigation water demand for spring ploughing, Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company gains a thorough understanding of the water demand of villages and towns, calculates the total daily industrial and agricultural water consumption, and makes an overall plan for water supply, giving full play to the advantages of the industrial diversion canal while ensuring the normal water use for oil refining production. It aims to make a scientific allocation of water for guaranteeing the irrigation water for farmland along the canal. During the spring ploughing season, its volunteer service team also goes to the farmland along the industrial diversion canal and helps the villagers who lack labour do farm work and solve their urgent needs. Case Helping Villagers Solve the Urgent Need of Spring Ploughing Production Mansarovar in Colombia under Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration and Production Corporation has developed asocial communication and participation plan to create value for the community where the oilfield is located by supporting the development of local education, public infrastructure, health care and so on. Since 2018, it has implemented the Cocoa Development Plan to help develop the cocoa industry in the Medio region of Magdalena, with a cumulative investment of more than 3. 2 billion pesos, bringing benefits to more than 400 families. In 2022, it has successfully fulfilled all the commitments of the Cocoa Development Plan, effectively improved the production efficiency of the local cocoa industry, and strengthened the production base of Colombian agroforestry producers and cocoa cooperatives. Case Implementing the Cocoa Development Plan Staff Localisation Ratio 96 CIR in Kazakhstan Mansarovar in Colombia UDM in Russia 96 99 Product and Service Management Adhering to the tenet of high quality, sufficient quantity, and customer satisfaction, Sinopec Corp. has always focused on the customercentred business philosophy and made every efforts to improve product quality and service level. To achieve this, the Company implements quality management measures throughout the entire life cycle of its products. This approach helps to enhance the service management process, improve the customer experience, and safeguard the rights and interests of its customers. Quality Management In strict accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Product Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, the Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Standardisation Law of The People's Republic of China, the Company has formulated management documents such as the Measures for the Quality Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, the Regulations on the Quality Risk Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, and the Work Standards for the Quality Inspection Room of Refined Oil and Natural Gas to strictly control quality risks, fulfil the social responsibility of every drop of oil is a promise, and provide consumers with safe and highquality products. All forty marketing subsidiaries of the Company have obtained thirdparty certification for their ISO 9000 quality management systems. In 2022, more than 25, 000 batches of samples of the Company accepted random external review at the national, provincial, and municipal levels and were all qualified. In 2022, there were no known incidents involving product recalls.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 99 100 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Taking Multiple Measures to Create Safe and Premium Products The Company proposed the concept of intrinsic quality safety of refined oil, and took the lead to conduct research on illegal added components in refined oil and their hazards in China. Moreover, the Company created an innovative internal control indicator system for refined oil that includes 21 indicators and 7 detection methods. This system covers gasoline, diesel and denatured fuel ethanol, addressing loopholes in national standards and filling gaps in China. The Company established two catalogues of suppliers and purchasable production enterprises for unified management by the headquarters, and also setup the redline principle of Three Nonprocurement. The Company implemented a centralised procurement strategy. The Company established a sound supplier evaluation system, a supplier interview mechanism, anda red and yellow card system, and built a closedloop supplier management model for evaluation, shortlisting, assessment, and adjustment. The Company setup fulltime quality management departments in headquarters, provincial and municipal subsidiaries, and established a complete laboratory network. By opening up the channel of talents growth and improving the training mechanism for professionals, and strengthening the training for professional competence, the Company built a professional management and inspection team. The Company carried out quality spot checks by sales companies, provincial and municipal management departments, taking immediate action to stop unqualified oil products identified in the internal spot check from entering the market. Through the construction of system technology standard, the Company built a standardised process quality control system covering the whole process of refined oil circulation to ensure that the warehousingin, storage, transportation and sales are under control. Warehousingin Strictly implement the fullindicator inspection requirements of national standard internal control, resolutely recall the unqualified products, and share the return information online to ensure that all warehousingin oil products meet the required standards. Storage Implement special line transfer, special tank storage, special pump, special pipe and special tank for unloading, transfer and refitting of oil products; strictly control the outbound inspection, to ensure that no unqualified products are released from the warehouse. Transportation Implement a special vehicle for special use and separated transportation of diesel and gasoline to prevent oil pollution; assign special personnel to track the route of oil tankers through GPS positioning systems to prevent oil quality accidents caused by human factors during transportation. Sales Strictly manage the oil unloading process, unify and standardise the sampling and testing of oil products before unloading, and refuse to unload any unqualified products; implement the system of keeping oil product samples at the station until sales are completed, to ensure that they are 100 qualified. The Company built a laboratory information management system covering more than 340 quality inspection rooms, setup a quality control platform for refined oil products, and established the largest quality database for refined oil and gas products in China. By using big data analysis technologies, the Company setup anew management mode of intelligent analysis, management, and control of the quality of refined oil products. Promoting the construction of quality informatisation The Company carried out activities to enhance the quality awareness of all employees and fostered a culture where all employees actively participate in quality management. The Company assisted government departments in engaging in quality supervision, and cooperated with the media to publicise quality knowledge for jointly purifying the market environment, and building a quality culture with its own characteristics. Continuously engaging in quality culture construction Establishing the internal control indicator system for the oil from external sources Establishing the supplier management system Improving the quality inspection system Building the process quality control system
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 101 102 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Chemicals Sales Service Management Adhering to the customercentred service concept, the Company strictly follows the applicable service and product labelling regulations, continuously optimises service measures, fully strengthens customer communication, listens to customer demands and provides a positive service experience while complying with laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and the Law of the People's Republic of China against Anti Unfair Competition. The Company has established a closedloop management process of handling, settlement, and return visit to ensure timely and proper resolution of the complaints submitted by customers. In 2022, no customer complaints occurred in the sales and service of chemical products of the Company. The Company strictly complies with laws and regulations in the process of marketing and product promotion to prevent false or exaggerated descriptions, and has produced advertisements inaccordance with relevant local laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China. The Company is committed to continuously providing customers with efficient and premium services. In 2022, the Company extended the usage of the Internet Packaging QR Code for chemical products, launching the QR code inquiry function of Sinopec's chemicals quality inspection sheets on Sinopec Chememall online platform, and integrating the chemicals quality inspection sheets of 37 enterprises on the website. Customers can scan the QR code on the packaging bag through a mobile app to obtain the electronic quality inspection form of the corresponding batch of products. This initiative has been widely praised by customers for its convenience and fast processing speed. Oil Products Sales The Company formulated the Operation Manual for Cleaning and Maintenance of Refuelling (Gas) Stations to create a clean and tidy consumption environment. Implementing the cleaning and upgrading plan Thirtyone provincial and municipal sales companies have completed the centralisation and unification of customer services so that all hotlines and online customer services have been transferred to the national unified customer service centre for handling. About 4. 2 million customer service calls were received throughout the year of 2022, of which about 3. 02 million were manual customer service calls. All the problems reflected by customers were verified and answered. Strengthening the customer service management The Company focused on service problems and carried out the 100 day Competition. It issued the Operation Manual for Integrated Energy Stations to streamline and optimise business processes, significantly improving the service efficiency of employees. The average time of vehicles entering the station was 287 seconds, which was 13 seconds shorter than that at the beginning of the competition. Improving service efficiency The Company established a unified informationbased and standardised customer service evaluation system. After customers use the ewallet for refuelling, the system immediately sends the service evaluation information to the customer's mobile phone. Customers can evaluate the service quality from six aspects service experience, venue environment, commodity recommendation, queuing time, equipment and facilities, and payment and invoicing. The Company enhanced the problemsolving services in the form of video conference, bulletin, briefing, evaluation and promotion of advanced experience, constantly enhancing the satisfaction and participation of customer evaluation. Innovating service evaluation methods In 2022, a total of 133 million customers participated in the evaluation, amounting to 367 million customer evaluations, with a satisfaction rate of 99. 9, up by 0. 3 percentage points yearonyear; the negative comment rate from customers was 0. 07, with a yearonyear decrease of more than 60. In 2022, a total of 3, 542 questionnaires on customer satisfaction were sampled, and the customer satisfaction performance was excellent, with an overall evaluation score of 94. 2, which was further improved compared with 2021. In the secondlevel indicator satisfaction evaluation, the scores for presales service satisfaction, product sales satisfaction, logistics satisfaction, aftersales service satisfaction, and customer manager satisfaction were 94. 1, 94. 3, 93. 5, 94. 2 and 94. 9, respectively. Promoting Winwin Development of the Industry Under the guidance of the Standardisation Administration of the P. R. C., the Company has collaborated with coconstruction subsidiaries to promote the construction of the national technical standard innovation base for leading industrial upgrading through standard innovations. As of 2022, it has formulated 2 international standards such as the Code for Foam Glass Products for Buildingrelated Thermal Insulation Materials, 3 national standards including the Evaluation on Service Quality of Crossborder Ecommerce Platform, 64 group standards like General Rules on Quality Grading and Evaluation of Industrial Products, and more than 5, 800 corporate standards including the Detailed Rules for Quality Evaluation of EPEC Products - Plate Welded Pressure Vessels. The Company has continued to strengthen the deep integration of production, education, research, and application, and worked with key domestic manufacturers to vigorously promote the localisation of major equipment and cooperate in 26 key localised projects, including oil and gas field exploration and development, LNG handling, storage, and transportation, special industrial pumps, national production control system, and other special equipment. They focused on inventing new technologies and optimising existing ones, and promoted domestic equipment manufacturing enterprises to transform scientific and technological achievements into industrial competitive advantages and to enhance the level of industrialisation. The Company has been a member of the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes for three years. Throughout this period, the Company has actively fulfilled its obligations as a member and actively participated in relevant work. Additionally, the Company has taken an active role in building a global governance system under the mechanism of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development to demonstrate Chinese enterprises' actions and results in addressing climate change, and to promote best practices among Chinese enterprises. Sinopec Corp. joined the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes (AEPW) in 2019, being the first mainland Chinese enterprise to join the Alliance. In 2022, nine new projects promoted by the Company in the field of publicity and education and the application of waste plastics were approved in principle by the Alliance. By cooperating with Tsinghua University and Tongji University, the Company released three research reports in plastic recycling, providing solutions to plastic pollution control from different perspectives. In addition to participating in the daily representative meetings of the Alliance and maintaining communication, the Company also appointed senior experts to serve as members of the Alliance's Advanced Recycling Theme Expert Group (TEG), to participate in the work and meetings of the AEPW NTG, to attend the discussions related to chemical recycling led by the Alliance, and to review the startup incubator projects carried outby the Alliance in China. Case Actively Fulfilling the Obligations as a Member of the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 103 104 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Methane emissions (million cubic metres) 283. 56 299. 90 253. 79 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 245. 98 269. 88 222. 32 Refining and chemicals segment 23. 75 10. 01 11. 06 Marketing segment 13. 83 20. 01 20. 41Indicators 2020 2021 2022 GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) Note 1170. 94 172. 56 161. 79 Direct GHGs emissions 128. 58 148. 38 137. 72 Indirect GHGs emissions 42. 36 24. 18 24. 07 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 24. 42 22. 47 20. 36 Refining and chemicals segment 144. 32 148. 34 139. 82 Marketing segment 2. 20 1. 75 1. 61 GHGs emissions intensity Note 281. 22 62. 96 48. 76 CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) 1, 290 1, 520 1, 534 Methane recovery (million cubic metres) 600 717 834 Key Performance Environmental Performance Emissions, effluents, and wastes Note 1 Note 1 This report discloses the emissions of the Company's oilfield, refining and chemical, and professional companies that are included in the key management of emission permits. The emissions accounting is based on selfmonitoring data and is ultimately subject to data published by local ecological and environmental authorities. Note 2 The total amount of general industrial solid waste entrusted by the Company toa third party for disposal. Note 3 Solid waste intensity(tonne RMB million) amount of solid waste revenue(RMB million) Note 4 The total amount of hazardous waste entrusted by the Company to thirdparty qualified institutions for disposal. Note 5 Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) amount of hazardous waste revenue (RMB million)Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Consumption of crude oil (million tonnes) 1. 07 1. 07 1. 06 Consumption of natural gas (billion cubic metres) 3. 78 4. 06 4. 40 Consumption of purchased electricity (billion k Wh) 30. 83 33. 80 33. 88 Consumption of coal (million tonnes) 15. 00 35. 00 38. 19 Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use (million cubic metres) 643. 20 636. 16 629. 10 Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity Note 2305. 60 232. 10 189. 59 Energy and resources Note 1 Note 1 The consumption of certain energies increased in 2022 due to the change in scope of statistics as the result of asset acquisition of the Company, the increase of the scale of production and operation of the Company, and the release of new production capacities. Note 2 Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity (cubic metre RMB million) Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use revenue (RMB million) Indicators 2020 2021 2022 COD (tonnes) 5, 743 5, 185 4, 755 Ammonia and nitrogen (tonnes) 142 107 75 Sulphur dioxide (tonnes) 5, 922 5, 117 4, 910 Nitrogen oxides (tonnes) 21, 762 20, 774 19, 247 Solid waste (thousand tonnes)Note 21, 710. 8 1, 931. 6 2, 036. 9 Solid waste intensity Note 30. 81 0. 70 0. 61 Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes)Note 4731. 1 461. 0 515. 0 Hazardous waste intensity Note 50. 35 0. 17 0. 16 GHGs emissions and management Note 1 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO 140641 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2 O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6). Note 2 GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2 equivalent RMB million) Greenhouse gas emissions revenue (RMB million)
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 105 106 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Employee occupational health examination coverage ( ) 99. 9 99. 9 99. 9 Health examination and health record coverage ( ) 99. 9 99. 9 99. 9 Number of newly diagnosed cases of occupational diseases 12 12 10 Number of accidents reported 3 2 1 Number of deaths due to production safety accidents 3 2 2 Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) 0. 1062 0. 1147 0. 07046 Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) 0. 00072 0. 00071 0. 00045 Number of production safety emergency drills (10, 000) 58 58 59 Number of participants in production safety emergency drills (10, 000 persontimes)329 331 332 Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Number of suppliers passed qualification assessment 21, 446 25, 072 26, 768 Number of suppliers from mainland China 23, 294 24, 917 Number of oversea suppliers 1, 778 1, 851 Percentage of suppliers qualified by QHSE management system ( ) 31. 3 30. 6 29. 8 Number of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO 9000)10, 327 11, 952 11, 634 Percentage of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO 9000) ( )48. 2 47. 7 43. 5 Number of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO 14000)7, 412 8, 511 9, 271 Percentage of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO 14000) ( )34. 6 34. 0 34. 6 Number of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO 18000)7, 044 7, 999 8, 273 Percentage of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO 18000) ( )32. 8 31. 9 30. 9 Percentage of procurement from the top 5 suppliers 5. 7 5. 1 5. 8 Percentage of procurement through tender ( ) 85. 2 86. 0 86. 0 Percentage of procurement by open tender ( ) 97. 1 96. 7 96. 9Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Total number of employees 384, 065 385, 751 374, 791 Employees below 30 years of age 40, 076 41, 029 43, 826 Employees between 31 and 50 years of age 254, 948 243, 706 224, 068 Employees over 51 years of age 89, 041 101, 016 106, 897 Male employees 257, 053 262, 108 258, 762 Female employees 127, 012 123, 643 116, 029 Percentage of female employees ( ) 33. 1 32. 1 31. 0 Percentage of female employees in management ( ) 12. 59 12. 91 13. 45 Percentage of ethnic minority employees( ) 3. 8 4. 0 4. 2 Number of employees newly hired during reporting period 16, 011 21, 062 20, 891 Number of employees turnover during reporting period 13, 963 11, 797 15, 046 Turnover rate ( ) 0. 69 0. 64 0. 69 Turnover rate of male employees ( ) 0. 56 0. 60 Turnover rate of female employees ( ) 0. 87 0. 97 Turnover rate of employees below 30 years of age ( ) 1. 5 3. 10 2. 65 Turnover rate of employees between 31 and 50 years of age ( ) 0. 5 0. 56 0. 59 Turnover rate of employees over 51 years of age ( ) 0. 3 0. 16 0. 30 Turnover rate of senior management staff ( ) 0. 60 Turnover rate of midlevel management staff ( ) 0. 23 Turnover rate of grassroots employees ( ) 0. 71 Collective contract coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Enterprise annuity coverage ( ) 80. 59 81. 48 80 Percentage of employees with labour union membership ( ) 100 100 100 Vocational training coverage ( ) 85. 7 87. 3 99. 3 Total amount of vocational training (hours) 12, 853, 165 14, 637, 601 14, 815, 488 Average training hours of employees (hours) 33. 47 35. 71 39. 53 Average training hours of male employees (hours) 52. 61 55. 28 58. 31 Average training hours of female employees (hours) 53. 53 55. 64 58. 68 Average training hours of senior management staff (hours) 52. 21 59. 15 61. 35 Average training hours of midlevel management staff (hours) 48. 65 55. 37 58. 56 Average training hours of grassroots employees (hours) 45. 62 52. 81 54. 21 Vocational training participation (persontime) 1, 536, 501 1, 725, 129 1, 442, 848 Online training participation (persontime) 1, 259, 800 6, 152, 170 6, 375, 520 Total amount of online training (hours 27, 721, 300 51, 432, 900 60, 847, 600 Training participation rate of male employees ( ) 36. 85 39. 26 42. 74 Training participation rate of female employees ( ) 35. 62 38. 27 41. 63 Training participation rate of senior management staff ( ) 95. 6 95. 77 96. 28 Training participation rate of midlevel management staff ( ) 92. 5 93. 63 94. 75 Training participation rate of grassroots employees ( ) 85. 6 87. 38 89. 63 Supply Chain Social Performance Employment and training Workplace health and safety
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 107 108 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Independent Assurance Report 1 English Translation for Reference Only Independent Limited Assurance Report To the Board of Directors of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation We were engaged by the Board of Directors of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation (the Company ) to provide limited assurance on selected 2022 key data in the Company's 2022 Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. I. Key Data In this report, limited assurance procedures were performed on the following selected key data of the Company's 2022 Sustainability Report GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) Consumption of purchased electricity (billion k Wh) Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes ) Number of accidents reported Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Total number of employees Employee turnover rate ( ) Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees in management ( ) Percentage of minority employees ( ) Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patents applied for this year Number of authori sed patents this year 2 Independent Limited Assurance (Continue ) 2300049 Within the scope of our work, we only performed procedures in selected 2022 key data in the Head Office, Sinopec Beijing Oil Products Company and Sinopec Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Branch we have not conducted work in other subsidiaries. We have not performed any procedures with respect to 2021 and other earlier periods or any other information included in the 2022 Sustainability Report. II. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors The Company's Board of Directors is solely responsible for the preparation of the key data of the 2022 Sustainability Report inaccordance with basis of reporting of the key data ( basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. The Board of Directors is also responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining the internal controls that enable the pr eparation and presentation of 2022 Sustainability report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. III. Responsibilities of KPMG Our responsibility is to carry out a limited assurance engagement and to express a conclusion based on the work performed. We conducted our work inaccordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. We have complied with our in dependence requirement and other relevant ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, and we have complied with the applicable requirements of the International Standard on Quality Control 1 with respect to maintaining a comprehensive quality control system. Our independent limited assurance report has been prepared solely to the Company inaccordance with the terms of our engagement. Our work has been undertaken so that we might report to the Board of Directors those matters we have been engaged to report in this independent limited assurance report and for no other purpose. We do not accept or assume responsibility to any party other than the Company for our work, for this independent limited assurance report, or for the conclusion we have reached.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 109 110 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Compilation and Reporting Basis of Key Data GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) GHGs emission disclosed herein refers to the sum of direct GHGs emission and indirect GHGs emission produced by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) Direct GHGs emission disclosed herein refers to direct GHGs emission from fixed emission source, mobile emission source, process emission source and escape emission source produced by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2 equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission herein refers to indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the consumption of purchased electricity, purchased heat (steam), etc by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) CO 2 capture herein refers to the total amount of carbon dioxide captured by refinery enterprises of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in carbon dioxide recovery work. Consumption of purchased electricity (billion k Wh) Consumption of purchased electricity herein refers to the difference between total consumption of electricity of industrial subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation and their selfgenerated electricity. Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Weight of disposed hazardous waste herein refers to the total weight of hazardous waste entrusted for process and disposal, which is collected in the Environmental Protection Information System of China Petrochemical Corporation. Number of accidents reported Number of accidents reported herein refers to the number of General Grade A and higher accidents that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. A General Grade A accident means an accident in which some person died. Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Number of deaths due to production safety accidents herein refers to the number of permanent employees that are eventually confirmed dead in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) herein refers to the number of accidents (incident) that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 workinghours. Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 workinghours) herein refers to the number of fatal accidents that occurred in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 workinghours. Total number of employees Total number of employees herein refers to the total number of employees who has signed fulltime employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees. Employee turnover rate ( ) Employee turnover rate herein refers to the proportion of the number of employees whose labour contracts were terminated by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation for personal reasons (excluding ordinary employees such as gas station operators). Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees who has signed fulltime employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees. Percentage of female employees in operational management Percentage of female employees in operational management herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees in the operational management function who have signed fulltime employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees in the operational management function who have signed fulltime employment contracts. Percentage of minority employees ( ) Percentage of minority employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of ethnic minority employees who have signed fulltime employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees who have signed fulltime employment contracts. Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme herein refers to the number of patients who have undergone rehabilitation surgery in the Lifeline Express Programme, which was launched by China Healthy Express Foundation in reporting year and supported by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Number of patents applied for this year Number of patents applied for this year herein refers to the number of patent application documents submitted by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation to the China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions in this year. Number of authorised patents this year Number of authorised patents in this year herein refers to the number of patent authorisation certificates issued by China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions obtained by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in this year. 3 Independent Limited Assurance (Continue) 2300049 IV. Summary of work performed A limited assurance engagement on the 2022 Sustainability Report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of information presented in the Sustainability Report, and applying analytical and other procedures, as appr opriate. Our procedures include Assess the risk of material misstatement of selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report, whether through fraud or error; Conduct interviews with relevant staff at the Company who are responsible for providing the information in the Sustainability Report; Performing analytical review procedures on the selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report; Sampling of selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Recalculating of 2022 selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Reading the information presented in the Sustainability Report to determine whether it is in line with our overall knowledge of, and experience with, the sustainability performance of the Company; and Perform other procedures deem necessary. The extent of the evidence gathering procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement is less than that for a reasonable assurance engagement, and therefore, a lower level of assurance is provided. In addition, our work was not undertaken for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's systems and procedures. V. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure nonfinancial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. VI. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the selected 2022 key data contained in the Company's Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is not prepared, in all material respects, inaccordance with the basis of reporting. KPMG Huazhen LLP Beijing March 24, 2023
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 111 112 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Pages A. Environmental Aspect A 1 Emissions General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous waste. 3132, 3536, 41, 5157, 5961 KPI A 1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 103104 KPI A 1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 103 KPI A 1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 60, 104 KPI A 1. 4 Total nonhazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 60, 104 KPI A 1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 3548, 51 KPI A 1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, anda description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 5960 Aspect A 2 Use of Resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. 3839, 4348, 5457, 5960 KPI A 2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g., electricity, gas or oil) in total (k Wh in '000 s) and intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 104 KPI A 2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). 55, 104 KPI A 2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 3840, 4348 KPI A 2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 5456 KPI A 2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference toper unit produced. N ANote 1 Aspect A 3 The Environment and Natural Resources General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources. 35, 5152 KPI A 3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. 3348, 5153 Aspect A 4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. 3134 KPI A 4. 1 Description of the significant climaterelated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. 3248 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Pages B. Social Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B 1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equity opportunity, diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare. 7980, 82 KPI B 1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, fullor parttime), age group and geographical region. 105 KPI B 1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 105 Aspect B 2 Health and Safety General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. 6769, 7173 KPI B 2. 1 Number and rate of workrelated fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. 106 KPI B 2. 2 Lost days due to work injury. N ANote 2 KPI B 2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. 6773 Aspect B 3 Development and Training General Disclosure Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. 8386 KPI B 3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g., senior management, middle management). 105 KPI B 3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. 105 Aspect B 4 Labour Standards General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. 79 KPI B 4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. 79 KPI B 4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 79 Report Content Indexes HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index Note 1 The indicator is not applicable since the main products sold by the Company are energy and chemical products. Note 2 The indicator is not applicable, because the Company has calculated and disclosed the total recorded accident (incident) rate per 200, 000 workinghours and the fatal accident rate per 200, 000 workinghours in accordance with the OSHA standards instead.
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 113 114 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility TCFD recommended disclosures Pages Governance Disclose the organisation's governance around climaterelated issues and opportunities. a) Describe the board's oversight of climaterelated risks and opportunities. 3, 32 b) Describe the management's role in assessing and managing climaterelated risks and opportunities. 3, 32 Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climaterelated risks and opportunities on the organisation's business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. a) Describe the climaterelated risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term. 3336 b) Describe the impact of climaterelated risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning. 3336 c) Describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climaterelated scenarios, including a 2 Cor lower scenario. 3136 Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climaterelated risks. a) Describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climaterelated risks. 3234 b) Describe the organisation's processes for managing climaterelated risks. 3236 c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climaterelated risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management. 3234 Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climaterelated risks and opportunities where such information is material. a) Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climaterelated risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. 3538, 103 b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks. 3337, 103 c) Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climaterelated risks and opportunities and performance against targets. 3548 Scope UNGC's Ten Principles Pages Human Rights Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and 7980 Make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses. 7980 Labour Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining; 7980 The elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour; 79 The effective abolition of child labour; and 79 The elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation. 7980 Environment Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges 3148, 5153 Undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and 3748, 5464 Encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies. 3348, 5461 Anti Corruption Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery. 1923 Community Aspect B 8 Community Investment General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. 8992, 9597 KPI B 8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g., education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). 8992, 9597 KPI B 8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area. 8992, 9597 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Pages B. Social Operating Practices Aspect B 5 Supply Chain Management General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. 9395 KPI B 5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 106 KPI B 5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. 106 KPI B 5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. 9395 KPI B 5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. 9395 Aspect B 6 Product Responsibility General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. 98101 KPI B 6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. 98 KPI B 6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. 101 KPI B 6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. 23 KPI B 6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 99100 KPI B 6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. 75 Aspect B 7 Anticorruption General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. 1722 KPI B 7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. 2122 KPI B 7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. 1723 KPI B 7. 3 Description of anticorruption training provided to directors and staff. 21 UNGC Ten Principles Index TCFD Index
Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 115 116 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Scope Criteria for UNGC Advanced Level Pages Strategy Governance and Engagement Criterion 1 Key aspects of the Company's advanced level sustainability strategy in line with Global Compact principles 12, 9 Criterion 2 Effective decisionmaking processes and systems of governance for corporate sustainability 9, 1417, 43, 6768, 79, 9395 Criterion 3 Engagement with all important stakeholders 2527, 9597, 101102 UN Goals and Issues Criterion 4 Actions taken in support of broader UN goals and issue 13 Human Rights Implementation Criterion 5 Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of human rights 7980 Criterion 6 Effective management systems to integrate the human rights principle 9, 7980 Criterion 7 Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of human rights integration 9, 7980 Criterion 8 Key outcomes of the human rights integration 7986 Labour Principles Implementation Criterion 9 Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of Labour 7980 Criterion 10 Effective management systems to integrate the Labour principle 9, 7986 Criterion 11 Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of the labour principle integration 9, 7986 Criterion 12 Key outcomes of the Labour principle integration 7986, 105106 Environmental Stewardship Implementation Criterion 13 Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of environmental stewardship 31, 35, 43, 5164 Criterion 14 Effective management systems to integrate the environmental principle 5164 Criterion 15 Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for environmental stewardship 51, 53 Criterion 16 Key outcomes of the environmental principle integration 3748, 5464, 103104 Anti Corruption Implementation Criterion 17 Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of anticorruption 1723 Criterion 18 Effective management systems to integrate the anticorruption principle 1922 Criterion 19 Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for the integration of anticorruption 1922 Criterion 20 Key outcomes of the anticorruption principle integration 1922 Value Chain Implementation Criterion 21 Implementation of the Global Compact principles in the value chain 9397, 102 Transparency and Verification Criterion 22 The COP provides information on the Company's profile and context of operation Report Information Criterion 23 The COP incorporates high standards of transparency and disclosure Report Information Criterion 24 The COP is independently verified by a credible thirdparty 3, 107109 UNGC Advanced Level Criteria Index Feedback Dear Readers, Thank you for reading this report. Your opinions and suggestions are important to us and can help us improve the preparation of future reports. Please help us by completing the following Feedback Form and sending it to the following address Your Information Multiple choice questions (please place a check mark in the answer box) Openended questions Name 1. What do you like the most of this report? 2. What other information do you think that should be included in this report? 3. What are your suggestions that how we can better prepare our sustainable development progress report in the future? Organisation Title Tel Email Fax Office of the Board China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100728, PRC Content Very good Good Fair Poor Very poor This report provides a complete and accurate description of the significant economic, social and environmental impacts of Sinopec Corp. This report responds to and discloses information about the concerns of stakeholders. The information, indicators and data disclosed in this report are clear, accurate and complete. This report is easy to read, i. e., its structure, content, wording and layout are well designed.
Address No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100728, PRC Zip code 100728 Tel 861059960028 Fax 861059960386 Website http www. sinopec. com listco en This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper
