Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ESG Index of HKEX 72Care for Health Alleviating Poverty in the Countryside Combating COVID-19 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission ReductionEmployee Growth Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Superior Quality Premium Services Harnessing Digital PowerCorporate Governance Risk Control Tackling Corruption16 16 1832 46 4966 67 70 54 56 57 59 6022 25 28About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management02 04 06 10Table of Contents Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Development and ProsperityDevotion to Philanthropic Causes Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 1 3 5 2 4
02 03 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report This report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, and promote balanced and sustainable development.
The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors.
About This Report Reporting Period This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2021, with some parts earlier or later than the time above.
Reporting Scope It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries.
Data Sources Reporting Reference Data in this report comes from internal statistics, documents, reports, third- party investigations and interviews.
This report was prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) and in particular with its comply or explain requirements regarding the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ).
Reporting Entity Access to this report Form of Report For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report.
The electronic version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www.
In case of inconsistency, please refer to the traditional Chinese version as it shall prevail.
About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
04 05 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report As 2021 ended, the coronavirus is continuing to gain pace, the world economy is struggling to recover from the pandemic, the international situation is ravaged by conflict, extreme weather happens regularly, and the global supply chain risks are heightening.
Hence, we reached the business goal set for 2021, further reinforced the industrial ecology, and fulfilled social responsibility with the excellent quality and warmth which Chinese brands have.
Feihe pursues the value of mother's career and future career, and provides high-quality products and services for mothers and infants with conscience and ingenuity.
In 2021, we joined hands with 12 academicians and experts in the industry and cooperated with top universities and institutions to jointly build a number of high-level research platforms integrating production, university, research and application.
We improved the research theoretical system which evidences More Suitable for Chinese Babies and refined the fresher and more suitable milk powder formula and technology.
We promoted the digital upgrading of the whole industry value chain, built the example as a world-class smart factory, and pioneered the second- class manufacturing monitoring and management; we have developed a brand-new smart supply chain, comprehensively increased the digital collaboration with the external ecosystem, and quickly integrated the online and offline resources.
Chinese enterprises have opened the era of green Message from the Chairman development against the backdrop of the national strategy of carbon neutrality and carbon peaking.
As a leader and pioneer in the industry, Feihe firmly prioritises ecological, green, and low-carbon sustainable development.
In terms of production, we vigorously promote the coal-to-gas project in plants, and use clean energy to reduce emissions; we are the first in the industry to establish the factory-in-factory model, which effectively reduces transportation costs, and lowers energy consumption and exhaust emissions.
Amid steady and green development, Feihe has always adhered to the corporate spirit of Doing our Best to Repay the Society, actively assumed the social responsibilities and delivered brand value and warmth.
For our shared future, our power in strategy, technology, products, channels, organizations and digitization strongly convinces us that we can confidently meet challenges, keep our integrity and innovate with the times, and lead the industry to forge ahead in a new journey.
Leng Youbin Chairman May 2022About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
06 07 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About Feihe Company Profile Seeing our Efforts Rewarded Feihe, which was established in 1962 and based in Qiqihar, in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feihe is among China's longest-operating dairy brands.
Over the past 60 years, we have been a pacesetter and innovator improving techniques, processes, and formulas in the manufacturing of milk powder for infants and toddlers in China.
The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children.
We have achieved targets for 2020 -as per the government's Dairy Industry Rejuvenation Guidelines in terms of forage-planting, private farm construction and the self-sufficiency rate of raw milk.
One hundred percent of our baby formula is made from our farms' fresh raw milk.
We are consumer-oriented, put actions before words, seek win-win outcomes and have an endless passion for excellence.
Embedded in our DNA since our inception, these core values continue to guide our journey.
Our employees understand their responsibilities and work hard to fulfill them, day in, day out.
By studying the nutritional components of breast milk, we focused on manufacturing better formulas for Chinese babies.
We are a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert that brings joy and health to families.
Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities.
Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was awarded the Star of Good Faith 2020 Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as Top 10 Business Integrity Examples 2021 11th China Charity Awards The Responsible Enterprise in 2021 the Summit Forum on CSR in ChinaFirst Prize of Technological Progress Award of China Dairy Industry Association Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as National Outstanding Professional and Technical Talent Science and Technology Award by 2021 China General Chamber of Commerce Aiben milk powder series for adults won the R&D Innovation Breakthrough Award of China Glycemic index (G)I International ConferenceBig Data-Driven Innovative Application Project was listed into the 2021 Big Data Industry Development Pilot Demonstration Project of the Ministry of Industry and Information TechnologySociety Innovation Digitization Our Vision Our Values Our MissionBe a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Bring joy and health to familiesPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
08 09 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportKey performances in 2021 Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Devotion to Philanthropic CausesPromoting Shared Development and Prosperity Assisted the pasture to complete Completed reported a revenue ofAchieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system certificationreviewed pasture management in Canada factories in Chinaimprovement projects improvement projects through the pillarsexternal internal ones 5110 37 69 RMB49. 41 million fully covered with intelligent systems2 factories6 2027 Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 50 of factories earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certificationsDonated RMB 16. 047 million in 2021 Increased the value of more than 1 million mu of farmland in the province Donated RMB 176 million of globally top medical equipment to 11 hospitals in Gannan, Kedong and other countiesboosted the income of Invested more than RMB 24 million in Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviationbenefited 1, 466 people with eye diseasesDonated RMB 2. 93 million to the eye charities activitySaved 6, 921. 71 tce of energy with energy- efficient projectsHeld 90 plus campus fairs and job fairsImported 53 managers or above level Saved 167, 400 tons of water with water-efficient projects13 activities on Environmental Protection Dayattracting 2, 386 employeerecruited 184 management trainees92 were professional and technical talents33 hold master s degree and above6 were doctors 150, 000 farmers created 150, 000 jobsInvested RMB 425 million in R&Dwith 105 patents authorisedHelped more than 400 employeesdistributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 millionWomen accounted for 44. 9 of our employees 39. 8 of the management100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks100 of employees were subject to safety traininginvested RMB 18. 7325 million in workplace safetyTrained 100 of employeeswith 51. 2 hours per personsuppliers passed the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC subsidiaries widely used WCM for productionAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
10 11 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportSustainability Management Philosophy of SustainabilityCommunication with Stakeholders Feihe has incorporated responsibility and commitment into the DNA of its corporate development and attaches great importance to sustainable development management.
With the values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellence, we pursue sustainability in five key areas quality innovation; shared industry prosperity; ecological cycle; people-oriented responsibility; love and care.
The communication and engagement of stakeholders are an important part of realizing sustainable development.
Sustainable Development Model Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for familiesVision Mission Bring joy and health to families Values Brand Positioning Action Principle Key AreasPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and keep improving China Feihe, more suitable for Chinese babies Seeking sustainability in a more suitable way Taking on more suitable responsibilities with our best to benefit society Creating more suitable overall value to meet the needs and expectations of all stakeholdersQuality innovation Shared industry prosperity Ecological cycle People-oriented care Love and responsibilityGovernments and regulators Operate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on time Accept supervision and assessment Participate in meetings and training organised by government and industry associations Shareholders and investors Improve returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market value Convene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular announcements Organise investor relations activities Consumers Produce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication channels Conduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualised traceability across the industry Industry chain partners Abide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growth Communicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peers Engage in fair competition Boost the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research with universities Environmentalists Protect the environment Use resources responsibly Build green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions Employees Safeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balance Build a multitiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees Communities Boost local economies Engage with the community Help those in need Provide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babiesMain stakeholders Expectations and demands Our responsesAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management
12 13 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Materiality Assessment Board StatementTo prepare this report, we follow the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide Main Board Listing Rules in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX, actively interact and communicate with all stakeholders, and make comparing analyses of topics as disclosed in the ESG report of companies of the same industry.
The process was as follows Feihe attaches importance to the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that are crucial to our sustainability with a commitment to high-level corporate governance; we strive to align ourselves to the best international and local corporate governance practices for the interests of shareholders, other investors, customers, suppliers, employees and the public.
It takes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reports, formulates and reviews policies and routine matters related to sustainability as well as the environment, social and corporate governance.
Also, it oversees important ESG matters that may affect the Company's business or operation and the rights and interests of shareholders and other stakeholders.
The Board of Directors evaluates, judges and ranks substantive issues that have a significant impact on the Company, discusses and determines sustainability priorities based on the external sustainability environment and the company's development strategy; it plays the regulatory role to review the progress and supervise the implementations.
This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2021 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2022.
In 2021, we reviewed the substantive topics and reassessed, analysed and adjusted them in combination with the macro policy and directions of sustainability, as well as our significant strategic direction and the demands of stakeholders, so as to better respond to the sustainability trend and the demands of stakeholders.
The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2021 are determined as follows Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2021Importance to stakeholdersImportance to the Company LowMedium High 751 6 92 4 3Social issuesEnvironmental issues Nineteen issues concerning the environment, labour, operations, communities and, corporate governance were identified.
Senior management assessed the impact of the identified issues on our core business segments.
The issues were ranked based on their significance to stakeholders and to the stakeholder and to Feihe.
This ranking was represented in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclosure.
Under the criterion of national laws and regulations and domestic and foreign regulatory require- ments, we further implement systems and take improved anti-risk prevention and control measures.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCorporate Governance Risk ControlWe follow laws and regulations in the places we operate, including the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and Cayman Islands Companies Law, and all applicable provisions of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX.
Feihe places importance on corporate risk control.
Under the improved risk management policies, we inspect internal control and identify and resist operational risks in multiple dimensions.
By summarizing the operation practices, we deal with the possible risks in production and operation in terms of risk management and audit to improve the risk control points in each business.
Our Board of Directors comprises eleven directors, including four executive directors, three non-executive directors and four independent non-executive directors, who are independent of holding shareholders in the areas of management, operations and finance.
The board's responsibilities are determined as per our amended and restated memorandum and Articles of Association.
The board implements resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders, formulates development strategies and investment plans, evaluates our governance, risk management and internal controls, and ensures we follow and practice relevant laws and regulations.
The Company has formulated appropriate policies and strategies to review the effectiveness of the risk control system, and the Audit Committee is responsible for the risk management and internal control system.
In the risk control system, our Crisis Management System of Feihe Dairy prioritises risk prevention and focuses on early warnings, the crisis management system clarifies the responsibilities of crisis management organization.
The crisis management team defuses risks and, should crises occur, we examine the damage they cause and draw lessons to avoid them in the future.
Our Basic Guidelines for Internal Control defines the organization and responsibilities in the three lines of defense.
Risk Control System Classify the risk events in 2021, and deal with them with different strategies and closed-loop management methods.
Risk identificationWe have an internal control system and an internal audit system for corporate governance.
In 2021, we comprehensively updated the detailed list of approval authority of each system in the rules, clarified leaders' responsibility for their businesses with more responsibility in the process, and established a more standardised and proper approval process and authority.
In addition, we revised the internal control system in terms of supplier management, intangible asset management, intellectual property protection, information confidentiality, etc.
We evaluated the current internal control and preliminarily identified risks in product innovation, marketing, supplier selection and contract, and information security.
In this way, we established the internal control process framework, and systematically implemented the internal control management system in different fields.
In terms of an internal audit system, our Audit System of Feihe Dairy specifies that directors, senior managers, functional departments, wholly-owned or holding companies and joint-stock companies with significant influence should be audited and supervised, and sets punishments for violations at different levels.
On the basis of the internal audit, in order to further strengthen the supervision of the company's internal control and improve the objective independence and professional level of supervision, the company hired a third-party internal control consultant to review the relevant internal control measures in the main business processes to ensure their effectiveness, explore the deficiencies in the system and identify improvement opportunities, put forward suggestions on remedial measures and review the implementation and implementation of measures.
Audit and Supervision
18 19 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXTackling CorruptionFeihe rigorously follows laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China.
Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures For Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy prevent or penalise illegal behaviour such as corruption and money- laundering.
Anticorruption has been added as a metric for assessing our overall performance and that of our subsidiaries, to encourage all employees to behave properly and legally.
Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy stipulates types of behaviour deemed corrupt for suppliers and distributors and outlines penalties for corruption.
The Company imposes internal economic and or administrative punishment on fraud depending on the seriousness and transfers the suspects to the judicial authority.
The Company's reporting system protects informants.
Employees and partners can report cases via hotline, email and letter.
On receiving a complaint, we begin a review and set up a taskforce to investigate.
The taskforce collects evidence, files a report, follows up and provides feedback.
The personal information of informants and investigators is kept strictly confidential.
The offenders were penalised appropriately.
Anti-corruption Promotion No one will dare to be corrupt No one is able to be corrupt No one wants to be corruptAnti-fraud responsibilities of Audit and Internal Control Center Investigate fraud cases; Submit handling opinions and report to the mana-gement, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors; Engage all functional departments and subsidiaries in annual fraud risk assessment and self-assessment; Accept whistleblows on fraud; Publish anti-fraud prevention.
The Company attaches great importance to the integrity education of employees and stakeholders.
The anti-corruption and anti- bribery training raises our employees' awareness of compliance.
In 2021, we invited distributors from large regions, provinces, and districts and key customers to participate in online policy and compliance training to implement the policies.
In 2021, we hosted 27 strategy lectures on implementing an annual audit management system and special training on distributor anti-corruption, to educate our directors, executives, employees and distributors.
The taskforce analyses the key evidence, determines the investigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval.
The taskforce verifies and investigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evidence.
Anti-corruption Training Reporting Process Preliminary examination Initiating complaintsCollecting evidenceInvestigation reportFeedback to senior levels Health promotion meeting on Northern Henan Province Policy education Internal training on safety system
20 21 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Superior Quality2 Premium Services Harnessing Digital Power Safety and quality fundamentally guarantee Feihe's products.
In addition, we continue to lead the high-quality development of the industry and practise the commitment of leading freshness with advanced technology.
On the basis of the original fresh milk procurement control procedures and milk source management, we strengthened the supplier control in 2021, All pastures for milk supply were required to be certificated by the GAP, and we added two management processes pasture management and annual milk source planning.
Factory feeds back the results to the pasture, and tracks and checks the rectification to ensure a safe milk source in pastures.
In 2021, Feihe assisted the pastures to complete 37 improvement projects and completed 5 external and 10 internal evaluations throughout the year.
Internal pastures involved 86 problems and all were qualified after the audit.
We have terminated the milk supply from external pastures that were discovered with problems.
Assisted the pasture to complete 37 improvement projects86 problems involved in internal pastures and all qualified after the audit 10 internal pastures evaluated5 external pastures evaluatedManaging Veterinary Medicine To ensure the health of cows and the safety of milk sources, and eliminate the medicine risk, Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650-2019 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limit of Veterinary Drugs in Food; we also formulate the risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to risk early warning of chemical pollutants in milk and dairy products issued by the European Union, WHO, FDA, and Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
The monitoring plan is for factories to establish quality monitoring plan for raw milk and dairy raw materials which monitors chemical pollution such as veterinary drug residues and hormones.
The use of veterinary drugs should be approved and purchased according to the regulations, and diagnosis and treatment, dosage and inventory are registered to ensure accurate use.
In terms of the use of antibiotics, we control it by types of used drugs in pastures and the risk level and classify the cows taking drugs into the antibiotic risk of cows at the source.
Also, the third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiotic residues in raw milk.
With a clean diet and comfortable living environment, we satisfy cows' socialising needs, trim their hooves, keep them hygienic, and eliminate their diseases and insect pests.
In addition, we play music for them; massage brushes and shower heads are installed in the rest area.
These measures protect and enhance the life quality of cows.
Our factory has used such tools as the Manufacturing Execution System (MES) of the World Class Manufacturing (WCM), the Warehouse Management System (WMS), and the EV System for Equipment Management.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOutlining Recall Procedures In accordance with the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Administrative Measures for Food Recall, we have formulated the Management Procedure for Product Recall and Nonconforming Product Control Procedure.
The procedures define the product recall process and the main departmental responsibilities, which are strictly implemented by us.
In addition, we standardise the process to investigate internal food safety risks and inspect all types of products every year.
If any abnormality is revealed, we immediately investigate deviations, assess risks and determine the disposal plan to legally dispose of nonconforming products.
In 2021, we reported no product recall.
Our quality safety management covers the whole supply chain.
Our 6 factories in China and 1 in Canada achieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment.
A full set of German GEA production lines was introduced and the production process was automated.
We and our plants have more than 500 quality managers.
Besides, on the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10767, and GB 19301, our laboratory monitors the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspects each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards.
In addition, we also monitor, track and analyse the manufacturing environment, process, circulation channels and product stability on the shelf to ensure the continuous, safe and stable quality of samples.
Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process.
The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems, reinforces good practices, and improves the quality of milk sources from the pasture.
In 2021, our 202 suppliers were certificated by the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system.
In 2021, we created seven management procedures such as Allergen Management Procedure, HACCP Management Procedure, Environmental Monitoring and Control Procedure, Internal Audit Management Procedure, and seven quality and safety management specifications such as Guidelines for HACCP Templates, Specifications for the Retention and Shelf Life Evaluation of Infant Formula Milk Powder, and Guidelines for the Verification Management of Oscillating Screen to enhance quality and safety management system.
In addition, we continue to widely use WCM in the production of 7 subsidiaries.
We have completed 69 improvement projects through the pillars and reported a revenue of RMB 49. 41 million.
RMB 49. 41 million Revenue raised69 improvement projects through the pillarsPremium ServicesWe continue to improve our service and product quality.
Consumer Engagement Feihe attaches great importance to effective communication with consumers.
In 2021, we were committed to Putting Consumers First, Actions Before Words, and Achieving Win-Win Outcomes and Keeping Improving.
We upgraded intelligent customer service to communicate with customers on self-developed platforms and three- party e-commerce platforms.
The integrated, standardised, automated, collaborative, scene-based and data-based all-channel digital intelligent service management could transform the service-oriented call center; also it can build a comprehensive customer contact and service center for online and offline issues.
The platform served consumers in depth and provided faster customer service and a better user experience.
By the end of 2021, Star Mom has attracted 45 million members in China, and 20 million followers.
As a mother and baby service platform with such scale, we always put consumers first by striving to offer professional service on the platform, upgrading the membership system, and prolonging the service cycle of members to build consumers' trust in our brand.
Case Feihe's service on the official account of Star Mom Star Mom has attracted 45 million membersFollowers supassed 20 millionIntegrated Stand- ardised Auto - mated CollaborativeScene- BasedData- Based ValuesAll-Channel Digital Intelligent Service Management Achieving Win-Win OutcomesKeeping improvingPutting Consumers First Actions Before Words
26 27 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, the 47 N Fresh Land campaign was a rare milk source exploration that was co-branded with Disney's classic IP, the first attempt in the industry to create a zero-distance immersive experience for consumers with virtual travel in the live streaming.
The activities engaged 5. 28 billion posts on social media, re-posted by 240 million comments, and more than 130, 000 followers on all platforms.
Case Tracing to the source to 47 N Fresh Land As the first interactive programme co-created with users, the Pioneering Parenting Concepts guided users with newer and more scientific parenting methods explained by industry experts on accurate topics.
Season 3 reported 900 million views; it was also mentioned by 2. 7 billion posts and commented on by more than 26 million users.
After the programme, we invited Kaishu, the new celebrated host, to build a mental path on our brands for over 16 million users.
Case Feihe TV programme - Pioneering Parenting Concepts 5. 28 billion posts engaged on social media Season 3 reported 900 million views240 million comments reposted Mentioned by 2. 7 billion postsProtection of Consumers' Rights and Interests Privacy and Information SecurityWe resolutely safeguarded the rights and interests of consumers.
Being responsible to consumers, we revised Management Procedure for Handling Customer Complaints in 2021 and Consumer Consultation & Complaint Risk Identification and Management Process.
Furthermore, we clarified the complaint handling responsibility at different levels, opened all channels to accept complaints, and tracked the risks to make the process sound and make users more satisfied.
The latter two documents clarify the information security organisations, technical roadmaps, department responsibilities, and the mechanisms and principles of information security.
We updated the Information Confidentiality Management System in 2021, which specified how users' personal information should be protected and how departments take their responsibilities.
In this way, we complete the standard of grading users' personal information and further increase internal supervision requirements of confidential information.
In 2021, we mainly improved information security from the following three aspects 1) the Group's IDC and factory network links were successfully transformed towards IPSEC VPN.
The changes reduced the direct connection between non-business networks and IDC systems; they also avoided the cross-transmission of viruses and malicious codes.
The zoning and isolation of the office network and industrial control network effectively protected the information security in the industrial control host; 3) Star Mom 3. 0, the online operation platform, was completed in response to national regulatory and compliance requirements.
The platform system became safer by upgrading the advanced cloud security center, encrypting data, collecting and analyzing logs, and logging in through MFA.
In 2021, we hosted two training on information security awareness and conventional security knowledge; we regularly invited external experts and professional partners to educate our information security personnel and security managers on the latest trends and skills to raise the security awareness, making them better positioned to do their job.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarnessing Digital PowerDigital development, a new generation of information infrastructure, has been included in the outline of the national 14th Five Year Plan.
Our digital transformation is continued to be guided by the goal of 3 2 2 IT planning.
This strategy puts business systems with intelligent manufacturing at the digital plant and enterprise resource planning at the core.
The intercommunicated systems through the business middle office and the information middle office can extend the big data and algorithms to the whole business process.
The supply chain system is transitioning from being business-driven to data-driven.
The industry value chain is upgrading towards being managed with information technologies and data intelligence.
Intelligent Manufacturing With the factory as the center, build the whole industry value chain ranging from raw milk receiving to e-commerce; build an interconnected and shared intelligent network to achieve the goal of digital intelligent transition and upgrading both upstream and downstream.
In 2021, the new intelligent manufacturing model was widely promoted and applied.
At present, 2 factories have been fully covered with intelligent systems, and 3 factories are advancing.
The 5-layers new model enables all-dimensional connections between systems, accurately controls key parameters, realises digital and visual management, and improves the efficiency and management at the factory.
Automation control layerUse international advanced PLC and SCADA to control over 90 of automatic equipment, effectively manage and control the operation, and make the production process automatically controlled Device data integration layerInstall and deploy sensors, scanners, upper computers, etc.
Integrating sales and e-commerce system, so That the factory can quickly adapt to demand and improve quality and efficiency.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth3 Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Feihe is committed to building a sustainability path with employees and industry partners while achieving mutual benefit and win-win.
Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity
32 33 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth Recruiting Responsibly We strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Protection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour, and local policies and rules in relation to labour and social security.
Our human resources management covers 25 policies and measures on employee relations, recruitment, training, performance, remuneration and benefits, on the basis of laws.
And 9 of them were revised in 2021 in relation to performance management, incentive management, benefits management, labour relations management.
Talent fundamentally powers our development.
We constantly optimise the talent employment, management and training mechanism to protect the legitimate rights and interests of all employees.
Employees by genderMale employees 3, 756 Female employees 3, 059 Employees by typeFull-time employees 6, 815 Part-time employees 0 Employees by ageEmployees aged below 30 2, 277 Employees aged 30 - 50 4, 366 Employees aged above 50 172 Employees by regionEmployees overseas 1 Employees in Hong Kong 0 Employees in Chinese mainland 6, 814 Employees by education backgroundEmployees holding bachelor's degree 2, 091 Employees holding associate degree 3, 034 Employees holding a high school diploma or below 1, 512 Employees holding master's degree or above 178 Total employees 6, 815Turnover by genderTurnover of female employees 17. 4 Turnover of male employees 15. 0 Turnover by ageTurnover of employees aged below 30 24. 3 Turnover of employees aged 30 - 50 11. 7 Turnover of employees aged above 50 11. 3 Turnover by regionTurnover of employees in the Chinese mainland16. 3 Our recruitment and hiring system covers internal and external recruitment.
Feihe's seven recruitment principlesEqual opportunity Internal priority Internal referral Fair competition and recruit on a selective basisSuitable jobsRefusal of employee's relativesComprehensive examinationTurnover Rate in 2021 Composition of Full-time Employees in 2021
34 35 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, we upgraded our campus recruitment concept - Perfect for each other in the new era - and enhanced our F Star management trainee programme.
We have broadened channels and methods and achieved more targeted, diverse and efficient learning.
In terms of university-enterprise cooperation, we have launched a diversified cooperation system to link the close relationship and strengthen our brand as an employer by providing on-the-job internships, joint R &D projects, special training, and sponsorship.
Against the backdrop of pandemic control, we continued to add multiple positions in campus recruitment.
Feihe participated in the all-media interactive live programme - A Job For You - created by China Education Television to help college students in job hunting, innovation, and entrepreneurship, providing job opportunities for graduates.
We also visited many colleges and universities across the country for online and offline publicity and communication.
In 2021, we recruited more than 184 management trainees via 90 plus campus fairs and job fairs, 50 of whom graduated from universities of Project 985 or Project 211 and international universities.
We imported 53 managers or above level, of which 92 were professional and technical talents, 33 hold master's degrees and above, and 6 were doctors.
In the F Star management trainee programme, F refers to Feihe and the future.
It is a systematic training plan designed by Feihe for the management trainees, which supports and guides them with a four-step four force model; in the process, trainees are able to find out their own positioning and strengthen skills through practice projects.
They are also comprehensively evaluated during their periodic work reports and some will be selected to support our future development.
During the training, we completed 22 training, including induction training sessions and those provided by the subsystem, and 3 debriefing sessions.
Introduction training for management traineesCase F Star management trainee programme in FeiheAs per our Remuneration Management Mechanism and Management Measures, we participate in fast-moving consumer goods industry remuneration annual surveys.
This provides a guide to average remuneration for positions in the industry.
Our employee remuneration includes fixed income and bonuses.
We have always paid attention to the well-being of employees and strive to grow together and inspire their enthusiasm and creativity.
In 2021, under the concept of co-ownership, co-creation, shared responsibility and win-win, we innovated the income distribution by creating a long-term stock-based incentive plan for employees at more levels and positions.
This plan not only covered senior managers but also benefited middle-level and entry-level managers with outstanding performance, which has been greatly recognised by the majority of employees.
As a usual incentive means, the stock-based incentive is an important part of the overall salary system.
Our employee promotion combines five principles to create an inclusive growth channel with clear guidance, defined standards, and a standard process.
Our improved training organization and three-dimensional training provide employees at all levels with induction, on-the-job, promotion and certification training related to production, marketing and functions.
The Company speeds up the development of four guarantees, strengthens the PDCA management for two-level training, and improves the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels.
Promoted 99 managers and above; 29 of middle-level managers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 47 of business department managers and above were newly promoted; 50 of middle-level managers such as the general manager of the production plant and the workshop director were transferred for rotation training.
Focus on assessing the value, contribution, results and outputs of employees at their work based on their abilities Comprehensively evaluate the personnel structure at all levels of departments, and adjust the proportion of outsiders and internal talents according to the structure and business needs Employees can be promoted by transf- erring to different career directions apart from their planned career ladder and adjusting the growth channel and job category for all-round developmentIn principle, employees are promoted in sequential order.
However, emplo- yees making contributions or posse- ssing excellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings Comprehensively assess employees' performance and ability on the basic job qualification, and promote and demote themValuing performance and output Promoting internal talents and outsiders Job transfer through promotionCombining sequential promotion and cross-ranking promotion Promotion and demotion1 2 345Principles of PromotionTraining system - Feihe 3 2 4 learning ecology Strategic needs To achieve the strategic goal of RMB 200 billion, we need to effectively unify ideology, fast train talent and inherit accurate experience.
Orientation Play the role of employee development advisor and business partner to achieve the goal of pooling talents sharing the same vision at all levels.
Summary A goal Two roles Three skills improved Two-level management Four guaranteeBrand-building connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmosphere with the help of new media Enriching resources selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesManagement and control Establishing a training quality control and effect assessment mechanism and applying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Support constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsLeadership collaborates with the training management team to drive project developmentEnhance production and marketing business capabilities Collaborative capacity enhancement between departments Pool talents sharing the same vision at all levels, and build a powerful organization Lead-ership Level-1 trainingLevel-2 trainingProfes-sional skills General skillsBusiness partner Employee development advisor In-house experience sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer's training The Company offers targeted training in the division of the three areas.
Administrative training sessionsmarketing training sessionsproduction training sessions 37There were model courses12There were learning maps for key positions in 57departments 875advisors participated in the training of whom obtained the certification 96 courses on mother and infant products qualification certification I and II Nearly 10, 000 nutrition18 in management.
A total of employees participated in the training2, 360in technology and 81courses at the Mo College, including 306There were387Platform construction online learning resources; online training management System and process the system standardises the learning, and the process upgrades efficiency.
employees participated in the training
38 39 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, employees in Feihe (China) received a total of 6, 543 training opportunities and 100 of them attended the training.
Our employees were trained for 335, 156. 1 hours in total and 51. 2 hours on average.
CompositionOver 500 courses provided by outsiders on leadership, professional skills and general skills More than 1, 200 in-house courses on internal expertise, revised external knowledge, industry report, etc 3-minute Business School, Book Thinking Course Updated and offered open classes for all employees at all system levels according to targeted learning plans and recommendations of employees OperationRecommend good classes every two weeks Video-recorded more than 5, 000 offline training and hosted over 50 live streaming on Shining Star Feihe Academy Regularly carried out learning atmosphere activities, including Tanabata Festival, teacher's day and other festival activities Function Sharing, PK quizzes, and live streaming were popular among employees Functions such as sign-in, examination evaluation and reports recorded employees' learning and strengthen our training management.
Case Shining Star Feihe Academy, Feihe's online learning platform
40 41 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXEngaging Employees Ensuring Occupational Health and SafetyWe attach great importance to employee communication and have different platforms to gather their opinions.
In 2021, we held an annual general meeting of employees and four quarterly employee representative meetings.
We timely communicated our policies, guidelines and instructions to all employees, answered questions about employee relations, and familiarised employees with our strategy to enhance morale toward the same vision.
Furthermore, the Company encouraged rich and diverse team-building activities among all systems and departments to create a relaxed and pleasant environment.
In 2021, we conducted employee surveys, as part of our Feihe Corporate Culture Rebuilding project.
Results showed an overall high level of morale, with our staff scoring higher than the industry averages for loyalty, engagement and satisfaction.
We highly value safety management and update our environmental, health and safety (EHS)-related laws and regulations annually.
In 2021, we formulated the Procedure for Risk Identification, Evaluation and Controls, the Management Procedure for Compliance Duties and Evaluation, and the S afety Management System for Confined Space.
In this way, we improved the workplace safety management responsibility and worked within the safety boundaries.
In 2021, our employees received 15. 15 hours of safety training on average.
In the Company, 100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks, and 100 of employees were subject to safety training.
Our total investment in workplace safety reached RMB 18. 7325 million.
emergency drills and fire drills at our factories and are required to sign the Letter of Safety Responsibility.
Number of work-related fatalities (person) Rate of work-related fatalities ( ) Number of days lost due to work-related injuries (days) 2019 2020 20210 0 0 0 0 0337 170646Adding Safeguards Bolstering Workplace SafetyWe have a dual prevention mechanism that grades risks and investigates hazards.
Our Procedure Documents for Work Safety Risk Identification and Management and Procedure Documents for Troubleshooting and Treatment of Hidden Risks in Work Safety Accidents are complemented by risk identification tables and risk rectification procedures.
The mandate required us to increase employee engagement in risk identification with defined KPIs.
For highly dangerous work, we undertake risk prediction, conduct on-site inspections of high-risk operations, and implement a permit-to-work system for special works to maximise the risk.
The constructors were required to sign the Safety Responsibility Commitment with builders who did so with professional construction teams, which had to sign the commitment with employees.
We inspected the safety on the project site at least once a month.
In 2021, our 73 safety training lasted for 270 hours and attracted 1, 718 participants.
Potential safety hazards were 100 rectified100 of employees received safety education; 2 of mild injury per month 0 serious injuries and death; We continue to build the ISO14001 and ISO45001 systems.
In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO14001 and ISO45001 certifications.
By the end of 2020, three of our seven factories had earned ISO14001 and ISO45001 certifications.
Another one factory's application was approved.
Staff participate in training,
42 43 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn June 2021, to create a culture of safety and raise employees' awareness, we held 67 safety activities in the Safety Month themed Implementing safety responsibilities for safe development, which covered 5, 277 employees; in the Occupational Health Week themed creating China with occupational health, we had 33 activities for 6, 108 participants.
Our subordinate factories launched 45 activities on Firefighting Day under the theme of implementing firefighting responsibility to prevent safety risks, attracting 3, 415 people.
Throughout 2021, Feihe held 24 emergency drills, covering 1, 848 employees.
Emergency drill Content Sessions Participants Special emergency plan Fire emergency drill 13 613 Plan for mechanical injury accidents 8 112 Emergency drill for the explosion 5 192 Emergency drill for injuries caused by vehicle forklift 9 93 On-site drill for disposal plan of hazardous chemical leakage 15 175 On-site drill for scalding disposal plan 9 97 On-site drill for disposal plan of poisoning and suffocation 5 36 On-site drill for disposal plan of vehicle-aided operation 2 15 On-site drill for disposal plan of collapse 1 9 On-site drill for disposal plan of frostbite 1 6 On-site drill for disposal plan of falling from height or hitting by objects 11 101 Emergency drill for confined space accident 3 22 Emergency drill for ammonia leakage 3 20 Emergency drill plan for food poisoning 4 62 On site disposal scheme drill of natural gas leakage accident 6 59 Special emergency plan drill for special equipment accidents 2 11 On-site drill for disposal plan of electric shocks 11 89 On-site disposal plan of office fires 2 40 Emergency drill for boiler explosion 5 43 Emergency drill for sterilization pot accidents 1 12 Drill on the excessive discharge of sewage treatment wastewater 3 13 Drill on hazardous waste leakage 1 3 Risk assessment of high-risk operation (hot work, climbing) 1 15 On site disposal plan for heatstroke casualties 2 10Case Promoting a safety culture Caring for Employees Valuing Female EmployeesFeihe attaches importance to the sense of work and happiness of employees and is committed to creating a good work-life balance for employees.
In 2021, women accounted for 44. 9 of our employees and 39. 8 of the management.
On 8 March 2021, we launched the online event a tribute to women's power on our internal publication Heming, which received more than 300 comments from employees.
Exquisite Feihe Ranch gift boxes were presented to female employees at our departments and business units.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXDeveloping Corporate Culture Feihe develops and inherits the culture for employee teams.
The corporate culture system, with a focus on upgrading corporate values, covers four dimensions - spirit, behavior, system and material.
Our foundation can help solve their urgent needs and enhance their ability to resist risks.
Our visits to employees on the eve of the Spring Festival every year bring a warm and peaceful Spring Festival for low-income employees' families.
In the 18 years since its establishment, the foundation has helped more than 400 employees and distributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 million.
During the Spring Festival in 2021, we cared for the employees who had to stay in their jobs and could not return home during the Spring Festival, which was advocated by the national initiative.
Celebrating the Spring Festival with employees all over the worldIn 2021, we carried out five family day activities at our production sites, covering 223 employee families.
On Production Family Day, employees' families visited our factory to enjoy happy and warm family time.
The criteria include whether they put consumers first, act before words, achieve win-win outcomes and have excellence.
At last, 11 examples for entry-level employees stood out after selection, re- evaluation, voting by all employees and final evaluation.
They were granted awards at the year-end meeting.
In December 2021, Your Pain Will be Rewarding, Feihe's first promotional video was officially released at the end of the year.
The film focused on our front-line workers and explains hard work as happiness, which was widely commented and discussed by all walks of life.
Promoting family time My Story with Feihe - Example for Entry-level Employees Promotional video Your Pain Will be Rewarding CaseCase Case Case
46 47 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCreating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Managing Supplier Relationships Suppliers play an important role in product quality assurance.
Selecting and Developing Suppliers Improved the Potential Supplier Management Process and Basic Agreement Signing Process, required confidentiality agreements before cooperating with suppliers; investigated and analysed potential suppliers through preliminary questionnaires; fully evaluated their reputation, supply risk and willingness to cooperate, and then allowed their entry.
Classifying Suppliers Developed the Supplier Graded Management Procedures, classifying suppliers on the name list by grading standards into three types strategic suppliers, core suppliers and general suppliers for differentiated management and guidance.
Evaluating Suppliers Suppliers WithdrawalEnhanced the Supplier Performance Evaluation Standard Process and Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement Process; increased supplier performance evaluation mechanism, supplier reward and punishment mechanism and supplier grading system; improved the product and service.
Chinese Mainland Suppliers71 Overseas SuppliersDuring the reporting period, we had 202 suppliers, includingStandardised the supplier withdrawal process.
Stipulated the removal of suppliers that fail to meet the requirement of quality, cost, delivery, technology, etc.
Evaluated suppliers' comprehensive performance monthly and annually in terms of 10 assessment indicators such as quality, delivery, service, audit and contribution; Incentivised excellent suppliers with increased purchase; Supervised disqualified suppliers to improve, and communicated with them to offer assistance if necessary; Included suppliers with poor performance for a long time into the elimination list and made an elimination plan after comprehensive evaluations; Graded suppliers based on the results of annual performance evaluation, innovation, influence and resources; identified strategic suppliers that can grow with us.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXManaging Distributors To build a sustainable industry value chain, the Company works with distributors to create a sustainable and mutually beneficial platform.
For distributor cooperation assessment and management, as per our 2021 Distributor Management System, we rigorously assess our distributors.
This covers business qualifications, capital status, business channels, business philosophy, industry experience and willingness to cooperate.
In 2021, Feihe's Partner Annual Conference was held online under the theme - joining forces to overcome difficulties.
We held business communication meetings with key KSC systems and SC systems once a quarter to deepen communication with the SC system, and enhance customer stickiness and buoy performance.
In 2021, we held 1, 758 business communication meetings covering 979 systems.
The project strives to solve the technical problems in the large-scale green efficient production of large energy milk-based materials and unblock the core technical bottleneck in preparing new core ingredients of infant formula dairy products on a large scale through integrated innovation.
The project is based on the contained core technology in making the core ingredients of infant formula dairy products in China and caters to the major needs of the industry.
The results of the project reveal the law of quality in change and regulation mechanism in processing and storing the core ingredients.
The project brings good economic, social and environmental benefits for the industry.
The project Breast Milk Research and Use in China was awarded first prize in the China Dairy Industry Association's Technology Progress category in 2021 Selected as the powerful intellectual property pilot in Heilongjiang Province in 2021 The project - big data driven innovative application was selected into the national big data pilot model by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China Selected into the pilot model of manufacturing and Internet integration by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China for consumer service capability Feihe (Tailai) Dairy Co., Ltd. was selected as the intelligent manufacturing factory in dairy of the 2021 model factory in the intelligent manufacturing pilot by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of ChinaAs an industry leader, we actively revitalise diary with much investment in product innovation, R &D, and transformation.
In 2021, we invested RMB 425 million in R&D.
At present, Feihe Research Institute has 72 full-time R&D personnel, including 1 professor, 8 associate professors and 8 with doctor's degrees; 81. 9 of the members hold master's degrees or above.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXProtecting Intellectual Property Feihe attaches importance to intellectual property management and system.
Our patent applications hit a record high in 2021.
At home, Feihe had applied for 38 invention patents, 97 utility model patents, and 26 design patents; we had 105 authorised patents, including 3 invention patents, 74 utility model patents and 28 design patents.
By the end of 2021, we had applied for 383 patents, including 111 invention patents, 173 utility model patents and 99 design patents; we had authorised 177 patents, including 23 invention patents, 103 utility model patents and 51 design patents.
Capitalising on rich intellectual resources at universities and research institutions, we pursue in-depth industry-university-research integration and train talents for Feihe and for the industry.
This creates key competitive edges and drives high-quality development of China's dairy industry.
At present, the project proposal has been completed and is advancing orderly to the next planned step.
Postdoctoral research workstation is an effective way for enterprises to gather high-level talent teams and combine industry, university and research cooperation; it is also an important engine to boost companies' independent innovation toward leapfrog development.
Furthermore, the workstation works as a new bridge connecting high-tech talents and enterprises.
In 2021, we researched the project of analysis of nutritious components of breast milk in China and development and commercialization of milk-based infant formula.
The project has achieved results both in scientific research and sales.
The project collected 712 breast milk samples throughout the year and detected macronutrients and trace elements.
In 2021, Feihe, Heilongjiang Ligao Tech Co., Ltd., Northeast Agricultural University and Northeast Forestry University jointly researched the project of development and commercialization of key ingredients and nutritious formula of dairy products.
As a result, our new nutritious milk powder for preventing osteoporosis - Aiben dietary bone formula was sold on the market in September 2021.
The project also designed the formula milk powder for pregnant women and other special groups to reduce blood pressure; 8 invention patents have been applied to the fruitful results.
The project innovated milk powder technology and enhanced industrial R&D, empowering the dairy industry.
Case Case Case Postdoctoral workstation Feihe's breast milk and infant milk powder research project Lead the dairy innovation by joining hands with colleges and universities
52 53 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX The Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 20214 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Feihe attaches importance to ecological harmony and practices environmentally- friendly policies.
Meanwhile, Feihe vigorously advocates energy conservation and emission reduction and advances towards a circular economy through innovation and environmental protection campaigns.
Dedication to the Ecological Cycle
54 55 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXThe Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 is as follows Waste gasTotal waste gas emissionsm31, 123, 405, 191. 00 1, 711, 320, 300 1, 127, 569, 862. 05 SO2 emissions Tonne 107. 15 26. 22 59. 78 NOx emissions Tonne 113. 38 106. 02 101. 85 PM emissions Tonne 20. 06 6. 25 15. 98 Smoke emissions Tonne 38. 34 5. 28 16. 19 Waste waterTotal domestic and industrial wastewater discharge10, 000 tonnes 96. 23 191. 26 267. 49 COD emissions Tonne 52. 82 148. 08 100. 60 BOD emissions Tonne 10. 97 19. 48 25. 22 Ammonia nitrogen emissionsTonne 0. 99 10. 47 17. 84 CO2 emissionsTotal 10, 000 tonnes 36. 21 15. 55 56. 92 Scope 1 10, 000 tonnes 11. 95 8. 52 46. 41 Scope 2 10, 000 tonnes 24. 26 7. 13 10. 51 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per unitTonne RMB million 0. 0026 0. 00084 0. 0025 Hazardous wasteAbandoned laboratory flasksTonne 5. 58 9. 45 11. 85 Liquid discharge Tonne 7. 73 11. 72 13. 77 Waste engine oil Tonne 2. 14 1. 33 2. 30 Hazardous waste total and densityTotal Tonne 15. 45 22. 50 27. 92 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 0010 0. 0010 0. 0053 Domestic solid wasteOffice wastepaper Tonne 5. 52 0. 73 22. 77 Kitchen waste Tonne 75. 70 65. 91 32. 18 Other Tonne 547. 50 763. 68 629. 59 Total industrial solid wasteAsh Tonne 2, 196. 02 430. 14 377. 63 Slag Tonne 9, 050. 41 8, 554. 61 5, 154. 06 Sludge Tonne 5. 20 3. 01 6. 20 General solid waste total and densityTotal Tonne 11, 880. 34 9, 871. 34 6, 222. 43 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 87 0. 53 0. 27 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Notes 1.
Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People's Republic of China.
Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption GB T2589- 2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water.
GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission.
Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power.
Notes on the statistical method In 2019, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from seven factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co. Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Zhenlai Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, and Tailai Factory.
Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula for sulphur dioxide emissions in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the PRC.
Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power.
GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power.
GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power.
Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021Energy consumption Electricity 10, 000 kWh 5, 132. 70 8, 791. 88 9, 496. 59 Coal Tonne 45, 453. 16 32, 897. 17 20, 345. 03 Diesel Liters 57, 859. 82 91, 109. 89 59, 656. 50 Natural gas10, 000 standard m3 1, 863. 86 3, 884. 03 4, 809. 75 Steam Tonne 476, 469. 22 541, 714. 26 787, 070. 69 Total comprehensive energy consumption10, 000 tonnes of standard coal12. 49 15. 59 17. 69 Comprehensive energy consumption per unitTonne standard coal RMB million0. 0009 0. 00084 0. 00078 Water consumptionTotal office and industrial water consumption 10, 000 tonnes 142. 75 188. 19 325. 70 Water consumption per unitTonne RMB million 104. 03 299. 68 5, 587. 30 Reduction of COD emissionsTonne 7, 199. 49 1, 998. 40 1, 144. 61 Reduction Reduction of CO2 emissions Tonne 68, 709. 39 206, 600. 00 83, 248. 53 Reduction of water consumption10, 000 tonnes 1. 28 10. 72 12. 76 Packaging material consumptionPaper, cardboard Tonne 8, 919. 38 20, 208. 00 18, 924. 00 Iron Tonne 16, 573. 48 29, 550. 00 22, 549. 00 Plastic Tonne 4, 485. 70 7, 884. 00 7, 152. 00 Total Tonne 30, 032. 46 57, 696. 00 48, 626. 00
56 57 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Compliance and Green Production We adhere to the concept of green production and strictly manage waste gas, waste water and industrial residue to minimise the environmental impact caused by the production.
Our factories regularly maintain equipment and constantly monitor the operation of boilers and sewage treatment plants to ensure their normal operation.
In terms of the treatment of the three wastes, we dispose of hazardous wastes in accordance with laws and regulations and have a sound internal system for disposal.
In terms of noise management, we manage the noise within factory boundaries in accordance with laws and reach goals set at the beginning of the year.
In 2021, Jilin Factory was awarded Provincial Green factory by Jilin Province and Tailai Factory was awarded Provincial Green Factory by Heilongjiang Province.
Our factories strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, and our own procedures and documents, when managing at-source rectification, temporary storage in warehouses and outbound disposal and wastes are disposed of in a pollution-free manner by a registered and qualified third party on a regular basis.
In 2021, we updated hazardous waste treatment methods (Q HFR-02-SS-005), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment.
In 2021, during the project construction, we stacked domestic garbage in the on-site dustbin, and the local municipal sanitation vehicle cleared them out of the site at a fixed time every week; The construction waste was classified and stacked by the constructors.
The on-site construction personnel continuously selected the waste materials and recycled them.
The unusable materials, such as gravel, were intensively treated to backfill the foundation on the road in the plant; The nonreusable waste was collected by the constructors and repurchased by the waste recycling station.
All factories use technical transformation and conduct team works to reduce the waste of raw materials and packaging materials.
At the same time, solid wastes are carefully classified into recyclable and nonrecyclable ones to improve recycling as much as possible.
In addition, all employees are informed to sort out waste.
Our own universal management systems for environmental protection include the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations and the Environmental Emergency Response Plan of Feihe (Gannan) Dairy Co., Ltd. Our business department updated and issued targeted documents.
Subsidiaries converted these documents into company-level documents and incorporated them into their EHS document list.
Our effective updated system documents include the Manual of the Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Management System, the Hazardous Waste Management System, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations, the Procedures for Environmental and Safety Control of Stakeholders, the Procedures of Exhaust Emissions, and the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation.
In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO14001 and ISO 45001 certifications.
In 2021, we updated exhaust emissions management methods (Q HFR-02-SS-004), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment.
Water quality monitoring can timely and accurately reflect the current water quality.
It also provides a favorable scientific basis for strengthening water environment management, controlling pollution sources and scientific environmental planning, so as to effectively control water pollution and protect the overall water environment.
Each factory has an independent sewage treatment plant, which is connected with the urban sewage pipeline and discharged to the urban sewage treatment plant after treatment.
Case In terms of machinery selection, we select low-noise machinery or equip them with noise reduction appliances.
Machinery generating intense noise on the construction site (such as blenders, electric saws, electric planers and grinders) must be sealed in sheds to reduce the spread of intense noise.
The processing and manufacturing of finished and semifinished products - such as prefabricated components, doors and windows - must, as far as possible, be completed in factories and workshops to reduce noise on the construction site, as required by Feihe.
In densely populated areas, work hours are strictly controlled night work does not occur later than 22 00, and morning work does not occur earlier than 06 00.
If continuous operation or night operation is unavoidable under special circumstances, noise reduction measures must be taken as much as possible.
Before construction, we warn nearby residents and send notices of construction to related departments and bureaus.
All construction vehicles must meet national inspection requirements, pass annual exhaust tests and obtain certificates of conformity.
Other than necessary heavy vehicles (such as cranes, concrete tankers, loaders, and dump trucks), we require vehicles such as climbers and forklifts to use electric drives to reduce exhaust emissions.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOur projects follow energy-saving principles through measures such as heat recovery.
We organise events across departments to promote energy- saving awareness among employees by exchanging ideas and experiences.
In 2021 the energy-saving team in each factory implemented technological improvements, including continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, heat recovery of continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, improved gas steam ratio, supply by the single boiler, added insulation, heat recovery, etc.
These measures saved steam and electricity and reduced emissions.
As the dairy industry is a water-intensive industry, we attach great importance to water conservation.
We have obtained water usage permits in strict accordance with national policies and regulations.
On the basis of compliance in regular production, we are committed to the practice of energy saving and emissions reduction and innovatory environmental protection innovation measures.
Besides regular operations, we hold the Environmental Day promotes the green office concept, to raise employees' environmental awareness.
In 2021, our factories saved about 155, 800 tons of water with the efforts of improvement activities, including water saving by cooling tower, increased water production by pure water machine, reduced water consumption per ton of powder, and the transformation of mechanical sealing water; Meanwhile, from May to October, we saved about 11, 600 tons of water by using the treated wastewater to irrigate the lawn.
We have upgraded water- consuming facilities in areas such as cafeterias and bathrooms and widely apply water-saving appliances to reduce wastage.
In cons truction In prod- uction In daily activitiesSaving water by upgrading water-consuming facilities about 155, 800 tonnes Using treated wastewater to irrigate lawns saves about 11, 600 tonnes As the consumer of natural resources, the global dairy faces the challenges in balancing the impact of climate change, regulations and solutions to consumer demand, thus sharing the same interest in reducing greenhouse gas emissions across the supply chain.
China Feihe is committed to partaking in the global action on climate change.
We have invested a wealth of resources in R&D projects, which have begun to pay off.
In response to China's goals to peak carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality before 2060, we participated in the review group for the development of the China National Light Industry Council's Evaluation Standard for Green Factory in Dairy Industry organised by the China National Light Industry Council, to offer opinions and comments on relevant standard terms as a company.
We also independently developed technological measures to reduce emissions.
While maintaining the same project cost, the convenient and useful photovoltaic panels can save energy by generating power.
The clean safe devices are widely used, maintenance-free, with less cost of installation, maintenance and operation, hence they are truly low-carbon and green.
Figuring out our carbon status for efficient efforts in carbon peaking and carbon neutrality Deploying clean energy to transform Monitoring emissions in real-time to reduce emissions through multiple channelsIn 2021, we held energy system training and promoted the development of energy systems in Tailai Factory; each factory conducted its carbon inventory.
In 2021, we discussed green energy issues with multiple photovoltaic and green energy suppliers.
Longjiang Factory has signed a photovoltaic project agreement with a third party who would fund and build the installed capacity of 5. 335MW.
The project will commence at the beginning of 2022 and optoelectronics will be available at the end of 2022; Other factories have also started negotiations on photovoltaic projects, such as the 5. 7MW photovoltaic project in Kedong Factory, the 5. 6MWphotovoltaic project in Gannan Factory, the 3. 12MW photovoltaic project in Tailai Factory and the 4. 3MW photovoltaic project for Jilin Factory and Zhenlai Factory.
Those cooperation projects are expected to be signed in 2022.
All factories strictly followed the exhaust emission standards, which were regularly tested by third parties.
The gas-fired boilers in Kedong Factory, Gannan Factory and Longjiang Factory have been installed with online waste gas monitoring to see the emission at any time.
China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarmonious coexistence between humans and natureHanging banners 6 928 Painting for environmental protection 1 55 Garbage sorting 1 457 Environmental knowledge competition 1 45 Environment Day activities around Harmonious coexistence between human and nature 1 380 Distributing brochures 1 28 Cleaning plants' surroundings 1 40 The slogan work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to publicise green ideas1 453 Encouraging saving power at the office Promote energy-saving lamps to save electricity in the office; Advocate employee to turn off lights when leaving rooms; Install multiple switches, to turn on lights only in sections where they are needed.
Equipment, such as computers and printers, is turned off during lunch breaks and after work; Air conditioners are used less frequently and increase the equipment temperature if possible; Set the central air conditioning to the temperature of 23 degrees in office space; use no air conditioning in winter; Place reminders for energy conservation; Promote conservation to employees at morning meetings; Arrange personnel on duty in the office to check all electrical equipment every day after work and turn off them in time.
Our final goal is to lead more people to live green life.
Our green office policy includes Greening our Offices Advocating paperless office Promote paperless office, save single-side-printed paper for printing on the other side, to reduce our consumption of paper; Introduce an office automation system; The office purchases duplex printers to save paper in the office.
The activities mainly included painting for environmental protection, cleaning plants' surroundings, environmental knowledge competition, etc.
Our departments promoted environmental protection to employees at morning meetings, with an emphasis that discarded electronic products should not be discarded at will.
And we shared posters and slogans in WeChat groups, including work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to guide employees to pay attention to and care for the environment.
About 2, 386 employees were engaged in the activity.
Celebrating Environmental Day Environment DayContent Sessions Participants Environment Day activities
64 65 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Care for Health5 Rural Revitalization Combating COVID-19 We are an enthusiastic supporter of the charity.
Under our strategy, we hold diversified charity activities in three fields care for health, targeted poverty alleviation and combating the pandemic.
In 2021, we were active in social charity and donated RMB 16. 047 million throughout the year.
Devotion to Philanthropic Causes
66 67 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCare for HealthAs a leader in infant milk powder, we have been focused on the practical needs of mothers and infants and innovated the education, medical treatment and health.
In 2021, we helped each Chinese family solve problems in parenting and help build the proper values of children rearing through a variety of activities.
Case Case Feihe's mother-and-baby room phase II project startedA rare rainstorm in Zhengzhou, Henan touched the people all over the country.
The heavy rains and standing water have disrupted transportation, increasingly leading to food shortages.
The donation provides enough food and nutritional supplement to babies in spite of inconvenient transportation and material shortage.
In June 2021, the inauguration ceremony of the mother- and-baby room phase II project sponsored by China Feihe and Women of China, a magazine for women, was held in Beijing under the theme of Small space, full of love.
China Feihe is committed to solving the difficulties for working mothers to nurse babies in the workplace and better helping the healthy development of mothers and babies.
The phase I mother-and-baby room, built by the China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, China Mobile and CCCC Infrastructure Maintenance Group, has been officially put into use.
The phase II project will help build mother-and-baby rooms in more companies to benefit working mothers with more practical care.
Rural Revitaliz- ation To achieve poverty alleviation via industrial development, we implement an innovative industrial cluster development model to promote the development of upstream forage planting and milk source development and incorporate local professional farms (agricultural companies) and pastures into the industrial cluster chain.
We also cooperate with two 200, 000-ton fodder- processing factories for fodder processing and production.
This initiative increased the value of more than 1 million mu (0. 67 million hectares) of farmland in the province, created 150, 000 jobs, and boosted the income of 150, 000 farmers.
It promoted the transfer of rural labour and the transformation of the industrial structure.
In terms of poverty alleviation with healthcare, to facilitate medical treatment in poor areas, we donated basic medical facilities to hospitals in many regions.
The research team of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences published the latest Blue Book on Corporate Philanthropy in 2021 Based on the Perspective of the Third Distribution ( the Blue Book ).
The report deeply researches the characteristics of Chinese corporate philanthropy in different stages by collecting the branded charity projects of 15 enterprises.
At the 13th Blue Book on Corporate Social Responsibility Event and the 2021 Winter Summit of ESG China Forum in Beijing, the first Textbook on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) in China was released at the conference, in which Feihe was selected as an excellent case.
The total agricultural acreage reached 0. 6 million mu Drive the increase of cultivated land in Heilongjiang Province above 1million mu Feihe donated nutritional materials to flood-hit Zhengzhou
68 69 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Cumulative investment in upgrading school infrastructure, organizing teacher training, etc RMB24 millionAccumulated donations for the Charity Bright Tour campaign RMB2. 93 millionDonated top medical equipment to multiple hospitals in 11 counties RMB176 millionFeihe creates jobs for the society 150, 000Since the 19th National Congress of the CPC decided to deploy and prioritise rural revitalization, the strategy has become an overall and historic task related to the full building of a modern socialist country.
In recent years, rural revitalization has achieved all-around development in China thanks to joint efforts which are led by the government, partaken by enterprises, powered by technology and supported by the public.
In this process, relying on our full industry value chain, we fully drive partners upstream and downstream to move forward and build a chain of shared prosperity.
In the industry value chain upstream, Feihe standardises agricultural development by transferring lands, offering job opportunities and conducting skill training, thus increasing farmers' incomes and promoting industrial development; in terms of the factory, we pioneer the factory-in-factory model, which not only provides more jobs for those in need but also boost the development of local logistics and transportation and related industries.
We have created 150, 000 jobs for the communities, improved the incomes of 150, 000 farmers, and increased the value of more than 1 million mu (66, 666. 67 hectares) of arable land in Heilongjiang.
We coordinated the growth of different industries as an important engine for the regional economy.
Our charity footprint has covered all walks of life.
In addition to industrial assistance, we also alleviate poverty through medical and health services.
Our donation of RMB 2. 93 million for the Charity Bright Tour activity has benefited 1, 466 people with eye diseases.
The program has invested more than RMB 24 million in upgrading school infrastructure, training teachers, and giving grants to poor students.
As a responsible enterprise, we have been earnestly fulfilling our social responsibility.
Case China Well-off Milk Campaign in Anhui to help poor students and promote rural revitalization Case Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation in Yuannan again to protect teenagers with Feihe's responsibilityOur Rural Revitalization Contribution Plan, a part of China's Well-off Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Guanzhuang Town, Qianshan City, Anhui Province on October 13, 2021, 2021.
At the scene, we announced that we would donate 7, 200 cases of student formula milk power worth RMB 396, 000 to primary and secondary schools in Guanzhuang Town.
Our Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation, a part of China's Well-off Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Jiahe Township, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er, Yunnan Province on June 22, 2021.
As a member of the top 20 in China's dairy industry (D20), we actively responded to the call for China's Well-off Milk Campaign.
From 2017 to 2021, with the theme of Warm sunshine to spread boundless love, the program spread love to primary and secondary school students all over the country.
In total, we donated more than RMB 4 million of student milk powder to 66 schools from 8 provinces and 20 regions.
On November 6, 2021, as required by the actual need, China Feihe donated two negative pressure ambulances and nutritional products worth RMB 1 million to Heihe city to help fight the pandemic with practical actions.
At the site, Zhao Hongliang, chairman of China Feihe Natural Dairy, commented that Heihe City would win the battle against the pandemic soon and resume production and life.
Recognition On September 5, 2021, we were awarded the China Charity Awards for our outstanding contribution to combating the COVID-19 at the 11th National China Charity Awards conference.
The China Charity Award is the top influential award in China's charity issued by the Ministry of Civil Affairs every two years.
we were awarded the 2021 Responsible Enterprise on the best CSR list due to our efforts in charity, such as helping the weak and the needy, offering education and medical services, especially contributions to combating the COVID-19. 2021 Responsible Enterprise China Charity Awards
72 73 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXESG Index of HKEX ESG Indicator Location Environmental Aspect A1 Emissions General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
P54 KPI A1. 2Total greenhouse gas emission (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 3Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 4Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P57-P59 KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP57 Aspect A2 Use of Resource General DisclosurePolicies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials.
P60 KPI A2. 1Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in 000s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P55 KPI A2. 2Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P55 KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P60 KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP60 KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit producedP55 Aspect A3 The Environmental and Natural Resources General DisclosurePolicies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources.
P56-P63 Aspect A4 Climate Change General DisclosurePolicies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.
P61KPI A4. 1 4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
P61 Social Aspect B1 Employment General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
P33 Aspect B2 Health and Safety General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.
P40-P42 KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year.
P40 KPI B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury P40 KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P38 Aspect B4 Labour Standards General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour.
P47 KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.
P46-P47 KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P46-P48 KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P46-P47 Aspect B6 Product Responsibility General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
P24 KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.
P24 KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored.
P27 Aspect B7 Anti-corruption General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
P18 KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.
P19 Aspect B8 Community Investment General DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests.
P66-P71 KPI B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area.
