VALUE Creation through MUTUALISM ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2021ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code 2020 Reporting Principles This is the 7th ESG Report presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across China from 1 January to 31 December 2021. For the purpose of Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to seamlessly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues and determine the specific content of the Report. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. (only social data are included). The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office buildings in Xiamen, Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under self-operation. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Company Information ANTA brand was established in 1991, while ANTA Sports Products Limited, a leading global sportswear company, was listed on the Main Board of HKEX in 2007 (Stock code 2020. HK). For many years, ANTA Sports has been principally engaging in the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of branded sportswear including shoes, apparel and accessories to consumers. CONTENTS Data Sources and Reliability This Report cites data and cases mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. php2 Message fr om the Chairman 4 Boar d Statement 6 2021 Highlights 12 Stable Development to Ensure Long-term Success 24 Safeguar d Quality and Dare to Innovate 32 ANT A Value Win-Win Cooperation 38 Helping Employees Thrive with People-oriented Policies 48 Pr omoting a Green Environment 54 Giving Back to Society 57 Pr ospects Celebrating ANTA Sports 30th Anniversary, Creating Mutual Value 62 Appendix 81 Glossary MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2021. 30th Anniversary Embarking on New Adventures 2021 marks our 30th year of operations, so this is a good time for a retrospective look at our achievements and milestones over the past three decades, while planning for future sustainable development. When kick-starting the new journey, we always bear in mind why we started in the first place, and we introduce new vision, new value and new strategy for the next 10 years, laying a solid foundation for the next decade. Mutualism by Strengthening Governance Value Creation through Mutualism is the new proposition for our next development stage. While pursuing our business goals, we are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations. In the meantime, we have also become the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. Mutualism by Focusing on Quality and Innovation Our aim is to grow side by side with our consumers by building top-notch, multi-brand consumer value. Every year, we provide consumers with high quality sportswear products, allowing them to enjoy the fun of sports. Every item comes with our dedication to quality and innovation. During the financial year, we had over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and had over 1, 000 valid patents. Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB3 billion. Sustainability has been integrated in our products, and it will be the focus of our new era, empowering our consumers to embrace sustainable consumption concepts. Mutualism by Achieving a Win-win Outcome with our Eco-system Partners We aim to grow side by side with our eco-system partners to establish an effective and sustainable industrial chain. During the financial year, 267 162 65 of our suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification. During the financial year, the percentage of employee trained reached 79. 7. During the financial year, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives among our employees. Our eco-system partners and employees help us to grow steadily and ride on the path to success. Mutualism by Protecting our Green Home We subsist in symbiosis with the environment and we develop in a sustainable manner in concert with the environment. Carbon neutrality is an environmental issue related to future generations. In the future, products with high carbon footprints will gradually lose their competitiveness. As advocate for sustainability, we are committed to improving green production and product carbon footprint-management capabilities. Mutualism by Giving Back to Society We grow side by side with the society and strive to give back to it. We have been committed to participating in community buildup and contributing to building a harmonious society through various community activities. During the financial year, we donated RMB65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB270 million (calculated at tag value). Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project established 150 ADream Centers, trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, donated over RMB490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value) and benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in China. In addition, we proactively encourage our employees to participate in public welfare activities to jointly fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. In 2021, the total dividend payout (including paid and recommended dividend) reached RMB3, 524 million. In 2021, we reviewed the development journey in the past 30 years and formulated the development strategy of the coming 10 years. Ding Shizhong Chairman Hong Kong, 18 May 2022 3 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited BOARD STATEMENT While our business continue to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the Group s sustainability management. With reference to the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide, the Company established a multi-level, effective and executable ESG management system. ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group s sustainability management guidelines, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. The committee is responsible for assisting the Board to formulate and review the Group s strategic objectives for sustainable development, and lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability, identify and manage ESG risks, and coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related 4 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 data and information to (i) identify the proper order of priority as to ESG-related issues to drive the Company s ESG governance efforts and (ii) improve the quality of ESG information disclosure. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impact of ESG-related risks and opportunities. Therefore, the Board oversees the assessment of ESG-related risks and opportunities and ensures that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal monitoring mechanisms are in place. On the other hand, we will integrate our key ESG performance indicators as the KPI for key departments of the Group, so as to spur the achievement of our ESG goals. In terms of the medium-term ESG goals, the Board will periodically review the progress of these targets. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group s ESG performance objectively. Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either in text or in notes. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 2021 HIGHLIGHTS NO POVERTY Donated RMB 65 million in cash Donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING Continued to promote ANTA s Sturdy Growth Charity Project, helping over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools, providing remarkable enjoyment in sport Commissioned qualified recyclers to recycle hazardous waste to maintain a healthy living environment in the community Established the Sustainability Committee with Board level participation in sustainability issues Became the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact Total declared dividends reached RMB3, 524 million ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 6 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE More than 200 design and R&D experts from 18 countries and regions Strengthened the close cooperation with self-owned factories and 357 suppliers from China and 22 suppliers from overseas to launch popular products Aggregate R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billionQUALITY EDUCATION Trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, established 150 ADream Centers, over the years built ANTA Stadiums and ANTA Camps to promote sports development in underdeveloped regions Built Winter Olympics promotion and education base RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION Launched eco-friendly products, implemented the concept of environmental protection and circular economy 267 162 65 suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification Over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and over 1, 000 valid patents DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH Prohibited child labor and forced labor Provided a healthy work environment Total number of staff reached 52, 000, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 7 Growing revenue potential Increased innovation potential Maintaining an upward revenue trendContinuing to invest in R&D RMB millionDefinition of sustainabilityAnd where are we? Sustainability Review2021 HIGHLIGHTS OUR BUSINESS 50, 000 40, 000 30, 000 20, 000 10, 000 0 202149, 328 201716, 692 201824, 100 201933, 928 202035, 512R&D costs (RMB million) 20211, 116 2017 479 2018599 2019871 20207891, 200 1, 000 800 600 400 200 Multi-brand strategy ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 8 Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 45. 6 Basic earnings per share increased by 49. 5 to RMB 2. 87Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased by 49. 6 to RMB 7. 7 BillionGross profit margin increased by 3. 4 points to 61. 6 Revenue increased by 38. 9 to RMB 49. 3 Billion Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Singapore stood at 2, 054Number of ANTA stores (including ANTA KIDS standalone stores) in Mainland China and overseas stood at 9, 403Financial Performance for 2021 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Financial Performance Operational Performance GP ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 9Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao stood at 182 Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China stood at 152 2021 HIGHLIGHTS Constituent Stock Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML100 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 100 Index HSFML25 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large-Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCNAH Hang Seng SCHK ex-AH Companies Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSSCHK Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index HSCGS Hang Seng Consumer Goods & Services Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSESG50 Hang Seng ESG 50 Index HSHKS50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 10 ANTA Sports awards Maintained as BB rating in MSCIWas awarded CarbonCare ESG Label 2021 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 2 by CarbonCare Innovation Lab Was awarded the Humanity Award Sliver by Fujian Red CrossWas awarded the ESG Care Label by SocietyNext Foundation, UNESCO HK Association Glocal Peace Center & Rotary Action Group for PeaceWas awarded EXCELLENCE in 2021 GoldenKey Sustainability Development Solution by China Sustainability TribuneWas awarded the Best Corporate Social Responsibility Listed Company in 2021 Best Listed Company in HK and US by Sina FinanceWas awarded the Best ESG (G) (Large Cap) by Hong Kong Investor Relations AssociationWas awarded the 2021 Green Enterprise by China Corporate Social Responsibility Achieved an A- rating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Sustainability RatingANTA Sports rating Our 2021 ESG Report s award Rating and Awards ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 11 Sustainable Development ESG Strategy We have set clear overall goals in terms of Environment, Social and Governance. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. It appeals to achieving goals such as poverty eradication, achieving equality, tackling climate change by 2030, protecting the planet while promoting economic prosperity, protecting the planet, and moving towards a sustainable path. This facilitates our promotion of sustainable development strategy more effectively and continuously enhances our sustainability competitiveness. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Corporate Governance Anti-corruptionSTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS 12 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Our Goals 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, promote economic development, and promote employment opportunity Product Quality Leap Maintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers long-term confidence in the Group s brands Caring for Employees Create an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe work environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, attach importance to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future Creating a Green Supply Chain Continue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain Environmental Protection Take responsibility for environmental protection, implement energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operations, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly address climate change risks. During the financial year, we established a top-down ESG governance structure to promote the Group s overall sustainability efforts from governance level. The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting, and oversees the overall ESG governance of the Company. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian ( Executive Director ) Committee member(s) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian (Independent Non-Executive Director(s))Committee member Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (Executive designated by the Board)Committee member(s) Mr. Wu Yonghua, Mr. Zheng Jie (Executive Director(s)) ESG Governance Structure The Board ManagementSustainability Committee 14 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. External stakeholdersStakeholder expectations Effectiveness of communication during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Return on investment Corporate governance Information disclosureConducted one-on-one meetings, non-deal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified Products Well-rounded customer service Seamless communication channelsConducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier supportConducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growthHosted trade fairsOrganized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anti-corruptionOrganized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Lawful tax payment Driving regional economic developmentOrganized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&D and innovation Intellectual propertyEnsured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailor-made products per request Athletes Product performance Product R&D and innovationSponsored athletes competition outfit and equipment 15 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Internal stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Board Corporate governance Anti-corruption Risk managementHeld Board meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact managementParticipated in the decision making and operations of the Group, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anti-corruptionEngaged in surveys and participated in online and face-to-face staff activities ESG Issues Materiality During the financial year, we engaged an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholders survey and assessment and collected their feedbacks. This was followed by a materiality analysis to prioritize issues, which provided a reference for the Group to improve its ESG management and efficiently respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. STEP 12 STEP 23 STEP 34 STEP 4 Issue assessment Based on the results of the stakeholder survey, we summarized the issue scores, ranking them according to the Importance to ANTA Sports and Importance to Stakeholders dimensions and established a materiality matrix Stakeholder participation We collected 2, 752 questionnaires from investors, suppliers, customers, employees, and other internal and external stakeholders, to fully understand the focus of both internal and external stakeholders on ESG issues Issue identification Based on the Group s development strategy and business model, alongside national policies, capital market requirements, and industry development trends, and by analyzing all stakeholders concerns and comparing with peer s initiatives, we identified 23 ESG issues related to product quality and safety, anti-corruption, etc. Employees Suppliers Consumers Distributors Investors 1 Anti-corruption Product quality and safetyAnti-corruption Staff welfare Craftsmanship and product innovation 2 Intellectual property managementHuman rights and labor rightsProduct quality and safetyProduct quality and safetyAnti-corruption 3 Product quality and safetyHealth and safety Corporate governanceAnti-corruption Product quality and safetySTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS The Top Three Issues Key Stakeholders were Concerned About 18 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Corporate Governance Company Governance We appreciate the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, which in turn enable us to earn the confidence of Shareholders and the public. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all internal policies, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and supervision of the performance of management team. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversified GovernanceWe are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. Each committee has formulated specific terms of reference, which are posted on the Company s website (ir. anta. com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange s website (www. hkexnews. hk). The committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company s expenses. Regular Board committee meetings are held to discuss overall strategies, operational and financial performance, and corporate governance of the Group, review and approve results, and conduct annual evaluations on Board and committees performance. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors In respect of the financial year, the Company has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules. Mr. Dai Zhongchuan has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director since April 2009 and has served the Company for more than eleven years. Nomination Committee further assesses Mr. Dai s role as an Independent Non-Executive Director annually, taking into account factors including but not limited to Mr. Dai s reputation for integrity, experience, ability to assist the Board, perspectives and skills, and commitment while having due regard to the board diversity policy of the Company. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management 21 Board committee meetings At each board committee meeting, the average attendance rate of directors committee members is 100 (Note If a director has interests in the matters discussed, the said director will abstain from voting at that Board Committee meeting.)KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 20 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 NameMr. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management Board details as at 31 December 2021 The Board consisted of 11 members, including six Executive Directors, one Non-Executive Director, and four Independent Non-Executive Directors The Board has one female director The ages of board members ranged from 42 to 65 Directors are from diverse and complementary backgrounds with differentiated skills, knowledge and professional experience 21 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS Board Diversity The Board represents a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group s business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can facilitate the effective exercise of independent judgement. Established Board practice is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. The policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company appreciates and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. The Company endeavors to pursue an all-around diverse Board in various aspects and will carry out ongoing review of its Board composition. All Board appointments shall be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates shall be based on a range of measurable objectives under the board diversity policy, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision shall be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates shall bring to the Board. During the financial year, we established the Integrity and Ethics Committee in company-level, which is composed of managers from the Audit and Supervision Department, Legal Department, Corporate Affairs Department, Finance Department, and Human Resources Department, as the highest organization for anti-corruption supervision. Our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and we have added anti-corruption clauses in our standard Employee Labor Contract to strengthen internal anti-corruption measures. We joined the Sunshine Integrity Alliance and the Corporate Anti-Fraud Alliance as a member in 2019 to learn from the experience of excellent corporates and improve our internal anti-corruption system. We reached an anti-fraud consensus with alliance companies during the financial year by sharing the list of untrustworthy individuals and promising to refuse to hire these untrustworthy individuals who engaged in unethical or immoral activity. During the financial year, all directors participated in anti-corruption training. In the 89th ANTA Forum held in April 2021, the management made a presentation of the Group s anti-corruption policies, culture and measures to all employees, and advocated that they shall uphold the principles, remain upright, and work in a down-to-earth manner. Employees signed the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and committed to maintaining high integrity. Anti-corruption in the Supply Chain For anti-corruption management among supply chain, we signed an Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement with suppliers, and received an integrity undertaking from suppliers at the admittance stage. If the anti-corruption responsibility clause is violated, liquidated damages will be imposed. We publicized integrity to suppliers through various channels, including supplier conferences and social media, to enhance their awareness of the importance of integrity and anti-corruption. The number of corporate crimes that have been discovered and transferred to judicial organization was 1KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 23 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE Craftsmanship, Design and Innovation We have always adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise and strengthened our independent innovation capabilities. Over the years, the Sports Science Laboratory has collected foot shape data from people all over China to provide effective data support for our independent R&D and innovation. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Craftsmanship and product innovation Intellectual property management Product quality and safety Product life cycle Use of chemicals and discharge Responsible marketing R&D expenses Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billion Leveraging top talents We have over 200 international design and development experts from 18 countries and regions Cooperation with accredited scientific research institutions We cooperate with institutions such as Tsinghua University, the China National Institute of Standardization, etc. In addition to incorporating a large number of technological elements, we have unique aesthetics and requirements for product design. In terms of design style, we innovatively integrate various styles, such as Chinese style and Italian style, into sports aesthetic design. Through deep integration of forward-looking sports technology R&D and innovative market transformation, we strive to achieve major breakthroughs in materials and design that lead the development of the industry and help drive the growth and globalization of Chinese sports brands. The accumulation of technological innovation allows us to provide high-quality products to consumers. Over the years, ANTA has successively launched advanced products using our proprietary technologies, including A-Loop, A-Jelly, C202 running shoes, and KT series basketball shoes, all of which have been well received by consumers. During the financial year, ANTA cooperated with the COC to officially release the Champion Dragon Outfit, the uniform for the Chinese Sports Delegation at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Summer Games. For the shoes that the athletes wore when receiving their medals, the design team took reference from Five Stars Rise in the East, an unearthed Eastern Han cultural relic. Different patterns, including the Chinese cloud pattern, auspicious animals, the sun and the moon were embroidered in a flying weave pattern to symbolize the nationwide hopes that China s Olympic athletes would achieve outstanding results at the Games. In terms of technology, ANTA incorporated Nitro Speed technology and Smart Sam technology to achieve a combination of rebound and shock absorption, providing Chinese Olympic athletes with professional technology for their ascent to the victory podium. During the financial year, we standardized and updated the management processes of intellectual property risk management review and counterfeit sales from private domain live streaming. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE During the financial year, we carried out risk prevention, anti-infringement and anti-counterfeiting of our intellectual properties, as follows Internal We reviewed and controlled possible infringement risks in the business according to the laws and regulations; External We took various measures to combat counterfeit products in accordance with the laws. Product Quality and Safety We strictly abide by the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We are committed to supplying high-quality products to consumers. With reference to the ISO 9001 quality management system requirements and relevant industry standards, we formulated a quality control system covering the entire life cycle of products to ensure production line stability and reduction of potential risks. Our Quality Management Manual provides a complete introduction of product quality management chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. We developed Quality Management Manual for different brands, ensuring our products are in high quality effectively. System certification We conducted three annual audits to determine whether we met certification standards, including ISO 45001, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. Production We designated dedicated factory space for new automation equipment to improve production efficiency and quality. Quality inspection Through the automation and intelligentization of our R&D equipment, the detection system is optimized to enhance the detection accuracy and efficiency. Scientific research and innovation We introduced smart manufacturing for shoes, cutting automation and other related innovative technology. Learning and training We organized many quality training and learning sessions internally for business-side personnel and externally for suppliers. We also launched third-party full inspection and strict control mechanisms to ensure all-around quality control management of the products. If a product with quality problems or potential safety hazards is found after leaving factory, we will carry out recall according to the ANTA Recall Management Policy, to prevent any losses to consumers. For any products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the self-inspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and self-operated stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had no recalls for safety and health reasons. In accordance with the relevant regulations and market requirements in China, we formulated specifications such as Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications for Apparel, Shoes and Accessories and Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control. Our Quality Control Departments of shoes, apparel and accessories determine the test items according to these specifications and conduct inspections of the corresponding products and materials according to relevant documents. All the chemicals used are comprehensively identified and counted. Therefore, we formulated internal policies such as Suppliers Chemicals Safety Management Implementation Guide to ensure that our products and raw materials will not harm human health or the environment while they are worn, maintained or handled. Technology Enhances Quality During the financial year, ANTA announced its Five-year Development Strategy and Lead-to-Win Acceleration Plan, which commit to integrating the world s top sports technology R&D resources and continuing to increase investment in R&D in the future. Years of accumulation of technological innovation have allowed us to provide high-quality products to consumers. ANTA has been continuously launching products using its proprietary technologies, including A-Loop, A-Jelly, A-Flashfoam, Hydrogen, Hot Technology, A-Chill Touch, A-Cool, and many other innovative technologies. Our team will continue to pursue in-depth technological innovation to empower our long-term development. Density of the material used in FLASHLITE ZERO Hydrogen running shoes is reduced to 0. 1 grams cm 3, which is 28 lower than that in the previous version. ANTA s Hot Technology is an innovative technology platform designed and developed by our scientific laboratory. Through the application of three unique core technologies polythermal cotton, graphene, and super down it has achieved leading performance, with superior warmth retention. ANTA supported the athletes and volunteers with professional outfit using Hot Technology and provided consumer products using the same technology, allowing all consumers to enjoy the ultimate Olympic technology experience. The DTC model achieves the reconstruction of relationship among people, goods and markets, enhances member value, strengthens the technology middle platform, and makes use of innovative product intelligence. It also enables efficient connection between ANTA and the retail channels, which helps ANTA to quickly respond to consumer needs. In the R&D process, we have greatly shortened the R&D cycle, using AI technology to automatically generate color matching, design, and 3D technology modeling, so we can provide different color matching for designers reference. Using the data from front-end sales and market feedback, we can quickly improve product design. In addition, our smart factory has allowed transformation and upgrading of the manufacturing process through the use of digital technology. Excellent Customer Service We have embraced our initial aspiration of being Consumer-Oriented. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have greatly improved our customer satisfaction rate and provided a high-quality service experience to different types of consumers. Responding to Customer Demands We attach great importance to every customer s need. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. Complaints are processed by the Customer Service Department within the prescribed one working day after receipt and quality-related complaints will be responded within one to three working days. Relevant personnel are deployed by headquarters to pay regular undercover visits to retail stores and analyze the customer-complaint data collected. The complaint handling completion rate of the customer service system at headquarters was 100 KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 29 of consumers. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans to be used in product selling process to ensure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also take into account the promotion of consumer awareness of the importance of sustainable consumption. To this end, we launched a variety of environmentally friendly products that have been widely applauded by consumers, such as recyclable shoes, including the Environmental Protection series of Dominance running shoes, the Train and Recycle series, which use recycled plastic as raw materials, the NOACH series, which use recyclable yarn, and The Rain-Breaker series, with a high-quality water repellent. Through solid initiatives, we have realized the concept of environmental protection and the circular economy to promote green Customer Satisfaction We continuously optimize our products and improve our customer service system to promote customer satisfaction. Customers can also actively participate in the survey by scanning the net promoter score QR code. Marketing Risk Management We attach great importance to responsible marketing and protecting the legitimate rights and interests SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE 30 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 consumption and enhance consumer awareness of the importance and value of going green and environmental protection. During the financial year, we launched the new EcoCosy fiber textiles series, which demonstrated sustainable fashion. EcoCosy s high-quality, viscose rayon fibers are sourced from high-quality plantations in the place of origin and are carefully cultivated by researchers for many years from the seed stage. Customized through different spinning processes, EcoCosy fiber textiles are soft and comfortable with excellent color and are 100 biodegradable and recyclable. During the financial year, we reviewed these 28 information security policies to assess the suitability, adequacy and effectiveness of their content, and this drill involved the revision of more than 30 clauses in 15 policies. In addition, we established new policies, such as the Personal Information Protection Management Policy, Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards, and Data Sharing Process, to strengthen the security management of corporate data and personal information. During the financial year, we completed an internal audit of information security and obtained ISO 27001 system certification. Our core customer data is stored in a private cloud. Through continuous improvement of the technological protection system for information security, the core data security is effectively guaranteed. In addition, if an information security incident occurs, employees can report according to the reporting process stipulated in the Information Security Incident Management Policy. In cases of information theft, we enforce punishment according to the policies and disclose on the social media to serve as a warning. During the financial year, most of our employees completed a series of compulsory courses on information security in the IT field and training and examination of compulsory courses on employee information security. Email phishing drills and other approaches further enhanced our employees information security awareness. We are committed to practicing the concept of sustainable development in supply chain management and building a sustainable supply chain. Supplier Selection and Admittance We have formulated internal policies, such as the Shoes Supplier Access and Exit Management Policy, Supplier Chemicals Safety Control Compliance Statement, etc. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Supply chain management the responsibilities of all business departments in supplier management and establish a well-rounded and orderly supply chain management system. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had 379 contracted suppliers, of which 357 were located in China and 22 were located overseas. Our Operation Department and on-site evaluation teams are responsible for evaluating and managing supplier performance. During the financial year, the number of suppliers who obtained ISO 9001 quality assurance certification, ISO 14001 environmental management certification, ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management certification increased in comparison with that of 2020. Some suppliers have also adopted ISO 26000 social responsibility guidelines to enhance their understanding of social responsibility. Supplier Performance Evaluation Our supplier evaluation mechanism includes both operational and corporate social responsibility aspects. Each aspect has specific scoring criteria to evaluate supplier performance. To this end, we have established scientific management requirements and set up a zero tolerance policy to ensure that suppliers are able to take corrective measures to reduce major operational and ESG-related risks. In order to ensure our suppliers are compliant, we conduct quarterly, semi-annual or annual basic supplier evaluation on various factors, including product quality, supply capability, and timely delivery. Basic supplier evaluation criteria includes Performance and scores in three major areas credibility, compliance and financial stability; Requirement that the supplier has R&D capabilities, production management capabilities and a quality control system that meets industry standards, in each case from product type, price and company size perspectives; Certification of China s production and quality system, and expectation of certification by other international standards and certification systems; Satisfaction of background check questionnaire requirements; and Due diligence on all suppliers. To this end, we plan to incorporate ESG performance, such as labor rights, human rights protection and green production, into our supply chain management system and going bluesign 33 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited forward give preference to suppliers with excellent ESG management performance. During the financial year, our supplier management department hosted a supplier assessment seminar, and evaluated the capabilities and potential of each supplier. During the financial year, we provided various training to suppliers, including social responsibility training, integrity and self-discipline training, quality verification training, pre-production risk verification training, evaluation engineer training, chemicals safety training, and other professional technical training. The main focus of the trainings was to improve the suppliers professional technical capabilities and digital capabilities. Detailed improvement measures were formulated for suppliers with relatively weak capability to improve their management capability. Supplier Labor Management To improve the labor management of suppliers, we require suppliers to adhere to ten basic requirements, including compliance with operational standards, respect for labor rights and interests, and protection of employees occupational safety, health and well-being. Personnel management system We require our suppliers to sign employment contracts with all their full-time employees, and sign service contracts with their interns and temporary employees, alongside the signing of confidentiality agreements. Social responsibility management system Suppliers should have working hour and salary management system in place, and encourage their employees to actively obtain competency certification for career development. Prohibition of child labor Suppliers should require their employees to provide proof of age prior to employment to ensure they meet local minimum working age requirements and to prevent the use of child labor. Prohibition of forced labor We require our suppliers to closely monitor their employees working hours compliance, respect their rights to enter, depart and take leave freely; suppliers should be firmly against forced labor. Anti-discrimination We require our suppliers to treat all employees equally, and offer consistent treatment in terms of employment, salary, other benefits and promotion opportunities irrespective of their social status, and protect the job opportunities of pregnant employees and care for working mothers. Disciplinary measures We require our suppliers to establish and promote a labor code of conduct to prohibit and prevent violations of laws and regulations such as corporal punishment, coercion, exploitation, and sexual coercion. Remuneration and benefits Suppliers should pay full salary to employees, ensure their salary is not lower than the local minimum standard, and guarantee that employees are entitled to statutory holidays and leaves. Health and safety We prohibit our suppliers from constructing three-in-one factories with work areas, ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION 34 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 warehouses and quarters; suppliers should ensure that different types of premises are equipped with proper temperature, light and ventilation; we require our suppliers to maintain the safety and hygiene of canteens, quarters and factories; suppliers should ensure that all operating premises are legally permitted; suppliers should formulate and request employees to strictly comply with safety rules and regulations as well as safety operation guidelines; we require our suppliers to equip their employees with the necessary safety supplies; we require our suppliers to regularly inspect their work environments and equipment safety; suppliers should organize safety training and emergency drills to ensure the health and safety of their employees. Complaints and communication Suppliers should provide effective channels for employees complaints and feedback, and improve the whistleblowers protection mechanism and formulate whistleblowers protection measures against retaliation. Suppliers that have Zero Tolerance Problems will be terminated immediately. Climate change, droughts and other natural disasters pose risks to the environment and society, and cause raw material price fluctuations, resulting in operation disruption and stability of the supply chain. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT Policy and legal risks With China s further promotion of the dual-carbon goals, we face higher requirements for energy conservation and emissions reduction. on our supply chain Social risks We continuously monitor supply shortages and disruptions that may be caused by social issues, such as labor disputes and human rights issues, which pose additional risks to the sustainability of sourcing activities Risk management After identifying the risks, we will manage the relevant risks. For example, we have increased the number of suppliers in different regions to reduce the negative impact of extreme weather in the same region 36 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Promoting a Green Supply Chain In response to the national development trend of utilizing lightweight, de-plasticized packaging materials, we continuously encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of green packaging, and strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies. Sustainable Sourcing We are continuously committed to promoting the quality and standards of sustainability in the industry, and take them as the key areas of our innovation. Promoting Industry Development Over the past 30 years, we have continuously invested in technological innovation and R&D, forming a triple R&D model that comprises forward-looking R&D with the Group s global resources, pragmatic R&D that leads to rapid transformation, and industry-university R&D cooperation integrating social and academic resources. As a pioneer in industry development, we have explored the possibility of even more breakthroughs with our business partners by exploring industry cooperation, strengthening industry exchanges, and participating in innovative cooperation models. Developing diverse cooperation channels we have developed diversified cooperation channels. Technological innovation has enhanced our sustainable development capabilities and promoted the industry s technological progress and the further development of the entire Chinese sports industry. Promoting industry-university R&D cooperation we have developed profound cooperation with well-known domestic universities and other higher education institutions. Through industry-university R&D cooperation, we have strengthened the cooperation and launched dozens of sole and fabric technologies to improve the sports performance of global consumers, creating ANTA s significant differentiated competitive advantage. During the financial year, we joined hands with Tsinghua University to have established the Tsinghua University-ANTA (China) Co., Ltd Joint Research Center for Sports Fashion. The center is committed to building a world leading innovation platform for the sportswear industry by leveraging the resources of Tsinghua University s multi-faculty and interdisciplinary experience. We have developed internal management policies, such as the Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Staff welfare Human rights and labor rights Diversity and inclusion Health and safety Staff development and training Salary and Benefits Salary and Performance Appraisal We are committed to offering fair, reasonable and competitive salary package and benefits. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had approximately 52, 000 employees. The Group s male and female employees accounted for 26. 0 and 74. 0 of total employees respectively, and female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives 38 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Percentage of Employees by Age in 2021Percentage of Employees by Region in 2021Percentage of Employees by Gender in 2021Percentage of Employees by Rank in 2021 Female Male President level Director level Manager level Production staff Officers and others 16-24 25-40 41 or above26. 0 74. 0 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 11. 3 19. 7 72. 5 0. 1 6. 4 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 11. 6 15. 4 73. 0 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 Mainland China Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions0. 8 99. 2 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 We continuously implement our scientific and effective performance appraisal model. Social insurance, including basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, and maternity insurance Housing Provident Fund Other statutory employee benefitsAll employees are entitled to Gifts for major festivalsSome employees are entitled to Supplemental medical insurance Staff quarters Housing allowance Share award scheme We abide by the minimum wage requirements, and make appropriate adjustments to our employees salary and benefits annually according to the market salary level and performance results. Focusing on the long-term development and governance, we established a share award scheme for senior executives to help create a corporate atmosphere of aligned value and responsibility undertakings. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Talent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. We have signed employment contract with employees. We have strengthened our employment compliance management, and require our prospective employees to provide identity documents before onboarding to ensure that they have reached the minimum working age required by local law. In the event of any case of child labor, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had no cases of illegal employment, child labor or forced labor, or human rights complaints 41 HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLE-ORIENTED POLICIES KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We appointed a third- party agency to conduct an employee satisfaction survey. The satisfaction rate was 73 We joined the United Nations Global Compact during the financial year, fulfilling our basic responsibilities related to human rights and labor standards, and respecting and safeguarding all internationally recognized human rights. As our Employee Handbook explains, there must be no discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion or development of employees based on gender, age, religious beliefs, nationality, complexion, race, sexual orientation, marital status, or other social identity. In addition, we received GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018 occupational health and safety certification and production safety standardization tertiary enterprise certification. Employee Communication We attach great importance to employees feedback, attentively listen to their views, and provide effective communication channels for employees. In addition, we provide effective channels for employees to complain and express views. The relevant department provides accident investigation report to the Human Resources Department. The Administrative Department then handles the case and holds relevant persons accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. The number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries was 4, 813 and there were no incident of workplace fatalities from 2019 to 2021 1. Safety Training and Drills As the Group is growing, we also pay attention to our employees occupational health and safety. Through regular safety training and drills, we have strengthened our employees ability to deal with safety emergencies, and we provide them with personal protective equipment for various types of jobs to reduce the risk of occupational diseases and injuries and to ensure the health and safety of all employees, in order to create a safe and comfortable work environment. During the financial year, 319 health and safety training sessions were conducted in Jinjiang during the financial year, with a total of 7, 897 training hours, 3, 195 participants and a coverage rate of 96. 43 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Safety Precautions We provide employees with personal protective equipment and first-aid facilities required for their work, including noise-proof earplugs for apparel-production staff, dust-proof protective clothing for employees working in the down filling room, wire gloves for employees who do fabric cutting, and eyewash in the factories. We also invested a lot of manpower and resources in epidemic prevention and control. We implemented the normalized management of epidemic prevention for the health and safety of the industrial park to ensure safety, and orderly and normal operations. Safety Training and EducationWe attach great importance to employee health and safety training, and conduct targeted safety education according to the job requirements for each position. Safety Emergency DrillsWe carry out fire safety emergency evacuation drills annually in accordance with the annual plan and continuously supplement and improve the emergency plans, such as emergency response and control during typhoons and rainstorms, and epidemic prevention according to the actual situation. We have invested a lot of resources to build an employee training system, broaden the headroom for employee development, and continue to build a talent pool that can adapt to our business development needs. Our comprehensive training system provides diversified training for employees at all levels, enriches the depth and breadth of training, and supports our employees career development. We formulated a number of training policies, such as the Training Operation Management Policy, ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy, and Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, to clearly define the training operation Type of training Training program Training positions Special skills training Product power Planning Design Product operations Technology and engineering Brand power Brand promotion Production power Craftsmanship Materials Pattern Retail power E-commerce store manager Retail management Retail marketingprocess and lecturer responsibilities, and establish a sound training management mechanism. Our various business lines established training policies, such as the Retail School Recruitment Management Trainee Training Policy, and other internal business training policies based on characteristics of job functions and business needs to consolidate employees business foundation and develop their professional skills, in order to achieve our talent pool build-up as underpinned by our employees job-function-specific expertise. Talent Cultivation SystemOur ANTA Talent Academy adopts online and face-to-face training based on rank and job duties. By sorting out the workflow, required professional skills and characteristics of key positions, the ANTA Talent Academy creates training programs for employees in four dimensions, namely merchandise power, brand power, production power, and retail power. The training program, which is based on the joint cultivation model School-enterprise co-creation led by CEO, creates in-depth experiential learning through training programs such as business classrooms, expansion and integration, inter-disciplinary learning, business simulation, case discussions, and project co-creation. It expands the international vision of our future key personnel, and develops their leadership ability, preparing them to become industry elite, who can lead Chinese enterprises to go global. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG-themed Training Sustainable development has become an important issue for all Chinese companies. We responded to national regulations and policies, as well as society s expectations of industry leaders, and provided various types of ESG-related trainings. This includes cooperation with Academy of Arts & Design of Tsinghua University on the use of green materials, sustainable development design courses, and cooperation with the WWF to develop Living Planet reports and Wild Animal Protection courses to strengthen a talent foundation for sustainable development. During the financial year, our learning platform launched four courses relating to anti-corruption issues and provided courses in English for foreign employees. Credentials and Skills Enhancement We encourage employees to obtain academic qualifications and external professional skills certification through continuing education and actively conduct school-enterprise cooperation with universities to provide undereducated factory employees with opportunities to learn and grow. We are committed to establishing a more concise, effective and flexible promotion mechanism. Regular promotion takes place in March and September. Moreover, for outstanding employees with great potential or those who have made outstanding contributions to the Group, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log on to our internal Employee Career Development Platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through competing for job vacancies within the Group. Caring for Employees Aiding underprivileged employees We care for underprivileged employees and their families. During the financial year, the Fujian Hemin Charity Foundation set up by the founder family deployed a total of RMB1. 94 million to assist employees in need. Initiatives included visiting and consoling underprivileged employees families, subsidizing their children, and aiding sick employees and their families. Promoting a Healthy Work-life Balance We adhere to people-oriented principles. Housing support We provide staff quarters for employees and family suites for married employees. Child care service Child care centers have been established in certain factories to provide commuting and child care services for employees children. Caring for women We set up Caring Nursery Rooms for working mothers, which are equipped with nursing chairs and refrigerators. Health guarantee We provide employees with personal protective equipment required for their daily work. Anti-epidemic care We encourage employees to get vaccinated, and regularly distribute masks and other anti-epidemic materials to office employees. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Combating Climate Change Low-Carbon Management Climate change has become the biggest global challenge. We have proactively responded to China s goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060, work with our upstream and downstream partners to tackle climate change, and are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. With our carbon intensity decreasing year by year, we We continuously attach importance to environment protection and the pursuit of ecological civilization, and we are committed to incorporating sustainable development into corporate activities and decision-making. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Climate change Sustainable raw material sourcing Use of packaging materials GHG emissions General waste discharge Waste gas emissions and waste water disposal Use of energy Use of water resources are leading the green, low-carbon, and circular development of the industry. Combating Climate Change Risks We are committed to working with our upstream and downstream partners to address climate change risks in accordance with the SDGs of the United Nations. We are committed to addressing climate change-related risks, and we plan to conduct a group-wide climate change risk management and materiality assessment to identify and assess climate risks. In addition, we have emergency plans for extreme weather and natural disasters, such as typhoons and earthquakes, to ensure the stability of production and operations. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 2 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume. Product Carbon Footprint We rolled out environmentally friendly shoes made with degradable or recyclable materials and incorporated environmental concepts more thoroughly into the process of product design, production, R&D, and manufacturing. Consumers can enjoy stylish sports outfit while engaging in the eco-friendly lifestyle and attitude that we advocate, thus enriching our brand value. We have actively replaced non-recyclable raw materials with degradable materials and bio-based materials, and strive to reduce our environmental impact. Our shoe products use water-based glue instead of oil-based glue, thus reducing the use of hazardous chemicals and the impact on our production workers health and the environment. In addition, we have developed new materials to promote sustainable development with innovative technology. During the financial year, FILA launched 618 themed environmentally friendly shoes. The upper textiles and leather materials contain environmentally friendly materials, and the shoebox materials are composed of 100 Forest Stewardship Council certified paper. Sustainable Packaging and Logistics Sustainable Packaging Materials We promote the transformation to sustainability in terms of our packaging materials, and have alleviated the distress over resources and the environment during production. Packaging reductionThroughout the process from production to sales, we proactively reduce the use of packaging materials We use crates for internal circulation in the factories to minimize the use of tags and packaging. We improved in-store displays to reduce the use of packaging material. Environmentally friendly materials We use environmentally friendly materials, such as recyclable or recycled materials, to reduce the amount of plastic packaging materials We use degradable paper or recycled paper as shoe packaging and do not use plastic bags for 99. 9 of our shoe products. Green Logistics We have explored various ways to achieve green logistics and are committed to reducing our carbon footprint from raw materials and product distribution. We are gradually replacing our fuel vehicles with electric vehicles in our logistic center. Packaging material consumption2 (ton) 21, 943. 96 49 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Green Production We abide by national laws and regulations and have formulated and abide by rigorous management systems. We have exerted a significant effort to reduce environmental pollution and have implemented a variety of green environmental protection measures in the production process, including classifying waste and saving on resources. Emissions and Waste Emissions Management We formulated relative policies to manage emissions, and conducted regular inspections of our waste water, exhaust gas and noise to ensure compliance with emissions regulations. During the financial year, we were not subject to any environmental or ecological-related fines. We have implemented effective measures to achieve green production, including proactively controlling the environmental impact from the production process and reducing the generation and emissions of dust and other pollutants We used fully automatic anti- splashing equipment and replaced manual production with mechanical arms. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 50 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Waste Management We abide by our Waste Management Policy, Waste Management Regulations, Hazardous Waste Management Policy and other internal policies and guidance and clearly define the responsibilities of all departments. Waste classification and treatment measures Recyclable waste wastepaper and scrap metal to be centralized at collection points then classified and passed to relevant departments for recycling Non-recyclable waste domestic and engineering waste to be stored in designated trash cans or places for regular collection by relevant departments Hazardous waste to be centralized at collection points and treated by qualified third parties with strict control and supervision of recycling and disposal 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 covers relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.. 6 The data of non-hazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and self- operated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (non-recyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of non-hazardous waste. During the financial year, our revenue reached RMB49, 328 million, representing an increase of 38. 9 as compared to that of 2020, while the total greenhouse gas emission intensity (ton of CO 2 equivalent revenue per million RMB) increased by 12. 2 to 2. 95 tons of CO2 equivalent as compared to 2020. During the financial year, we expanded the scope of data statistics and adopted the Operation Control Method to collect and calculate the environmental data, without converting the data of each enterprise according to the shareholding ratio. Therefore, the greenhouse gas emission data recorded increase in 2021 compared to 2020. 51 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Energy Efficiency-improving Measures We scrap old vulcanization equipment with high energy consumption, replacing with low energy consumption equipment We optimize the splat-quenching design of some molds to shorten the quenching time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We optimize the rapid heating design of some molds to shorten the rapid heating time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We introduced automatic footwear-making equipment, including filmless bottoming machines, automatic rotary sand sieving machines, automatic drying machines, automatic secondary mold wedge forming machines, automatic small foaming machines, and automatic hydraulic rubber press machines We use automatic paperbox-folding machines Water Resources Management We issued Measures for Industrial Park Cost Savings and a Letter on Energy-saving, Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park, which stipulate detailed measures for reducing water use in the production process, and ensure their implementation through an inspection system. Energy use performance Gasoline (kWh) Diesel (kWh) Natural gas (kWh) Purchased electricity (kWh) Purchased steam (kWh) 889, 062. 42 255, 379. 22 11, 895, 519. 78 205, 233, 867. 35 60, 989, 344. 52 Energy-saving measures We purchase electrical equipment with energy-saving labels We conduct frequent inspection on power lines and equipment, and take immediate steps to reduce unreasonable power consumption and power loss We use high-power energy-saving lamps for lighting. Automatic switching provides sufficient lighting, reduces the number of lamps used, adjusts the lighting time, and turns off the lights automatically when not in used. They are inspected by special personnel We strictly manage the use of air conditioners and elevators, and open them only when needed 52 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Green Advocacy We formulated the Office Management Policy to regulate the use of energy resources in the office areas and promoted a number of green office measures. Biodiversity Conservation We are committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Nature Conservation Outline of the People s Republic of China. For example, we cooperated with the WWF to focus on protecting the two endangered species, the Siberian tiger and the finless porpoise, through continuous promotion and education. We are committed to creating a good environment for the return of wild animals, protecting the earth s biodiversity, promoting the harmonious coexistence of humans and nature, and achieving global sustainable development. We launched the ANTA Forest forest and landscape recovery project at the Imperial Ming Tombs Forest Farm in Beijing. Forest and landscape restoration work was performed at numerous forest lots in the area to protect biodiversity and to offset the greenhouse gas emissions, and provide landscaping for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games. During the financial year, we had no incidents that had a negative impact on biodiversity. Total water consumption intensity (m Revenue per million RMB) Total water consumption (m ) 28. 87 1, 424, 206. 58Water consumption performance 53 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY Focusing on Sports As one of the leading sportswear companies in China, we focus on citizens sports health. Over the years, we have proactively participated in community development while promoting our production and operations and contributed to the construction of a harmonious society through various community activities. In addition to establishing a mutual aid fund for the poor, we focus on public service, such as serving the community, alleviating poverty, and helping in emergencies. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Social investment Supporting the Olympic Games ANTA has been a partner of the COC for 16 consecutive years, and has sponsored 22 Chinese national teams with professional sports outfit, including winter sports, boxing, taekwondo, gymnastics, weightlifting, wrestling, swimming, trampoline, etc. The strategic partnership demonstrated our efforts to proactively promote the Olympic and National spirit over the years. This was a combination of Chinese traditional culture, beauty and advanced technology, supporting Chinese Olympic athletes for the celebration on the victory podium. Athletes Social Interaction As role-models for the general public, athletes are dedicated to establishing a positive image for young people. ANTA is committed to bringing the athletes closer to the general public and strengthening the positive interaction. During the financial year, China s first figure skating world champion, Chen Lu, participated in the Winter Olympics with Me Sturdy Growth Sports Camp. Under the professional guidance of Miss Chen, the children were able to freely experience the fun of ice and snow, and learn how to build resilience and develop a strong physique. It enables students to master the basic knowledge and skills of physical education, while achieving moral education, which plays a vital role in improving the level of physical fitness of Chinese citizens. We have actively responded to the advocacy of the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Education for the integration of sports and education and are committed to the development of youth sports education. During the financial year, we organized the ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project in our home city Jinjiang, Fujian, and launched ANTA Physical Education Lessons with our partners, which integrated the physical and mental development, growth characteristics and needs of young people to cultivate their all-around sports development. students participated in the lessons, and 33 physical education teachers and ANTA volunteers received physical education teacher professional training in ANTA Physical Education Lessons. The training of frontline physical education teachers enhanced the professional physical education level and unleashed the teachers passion, thereby improving physical education quality and promoting the healthy all-around growth of young people. Public Welfare and Charity We are dedicated to rural revitalization, caring for children, combating the Pandemic, community public welfare, biodiversity protection, etc. Through our continuous devotion to public welfare and charity, we are committed to making a better society and building a positive image. Community Public Welfare We are committed wholeheartedly to contributing to public welfare and giving back to society through disaster relief and community development, integrating enterprise business value and social value. The project focuses GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY on Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities. It allows young people in underdeveloped areas to grow happily by products donation, moral education and sports education. We are dedicated to integrating the sports spirit into every child s life. With our resources and strengths, we create a more comprehensive growing environment for young people and help them form a healthy lifestyle and personality. After the severe rainstorms in Henan province, we donated cash and sportswear equivalent to RMB50 million to the Henan Charity Network to support frontline rescue work in the affected areas and help people in those areas to rebuild their lives as soon as possible. During the financial year, our Volunteer Association Service Base was officially unveiled in Shanghai, and the ANTA Ski Camp was launched. Ten Dream Camp volunteers served the children at the event. Our volunteers and professional teachers told the children about the origin and development of skiing, laying the foundation of professional knowledge for their skiing dreams. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We donated RMB 65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project has donated over RMB 490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value)benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in Chinaestablished 150 ADream Centerstrained 2, 817 physical education teachers 56 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 2022 marks the start of a new era. Embarking on our new journey, we adhere to the mission to integrating the sports spirit of Going beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life. Our basic framework for sustainable development is divided mainly into three stages Follower, Participant and Leader. On the path to sustainable development, we are now in the stages of Participant, as we aim to respond to international initiatives and formulate long-term goals and strategies. Compliance stage - FollowerCorporate social responsibility ParticipantCorporate sustainability LeaderMid-term Short-term Long-term Compliance and review Awareness cultivation System constructionSocial engagement System implementation Project counselingInternational participation Product sustainability System upgradeCurrent stagePROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE 57 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Our new ten-year MISSION We will continue to deepen our understanding of consumer needs and provide personalized products to integrate sports into people s lives. Our new ten-year VISION We seek opportunities amid change and keep moving. Multi-brand To cater to consumers differentiated needs through multi-brand strategy; to create diversified consumer values; to establish an array of brands in the realm of professional sports, fashion sports and outdoor sports; to strengthen and empower a synergistic platform that underpins multi-brand development. Globalization To create Chinese brands with global footprints; to unleash international brands profound growth potential in the China market. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE Multi-brand Single focusGlobalization 58 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Our corporate value proposition Mutualism with Eco-system Partners Collaborating with the Industry Chain, Supporting Employees to ThriveWe appreciate the fact that only through cooperation can we achieve win-win results, and we look forward to joining hands with all stakeholders for mutual growth and progress. The brands under ANTA Group will serve consumers with precise targeting to their respective markets, using three brand groups with differentiation Performance Sports, Fashion Sports and Outdoor Sports to create three growth drivers. During the financial year, we established a Sustainability Committee and continuously responded to issues such as product carbon footprint management, fighting climate change, green production, and sustainable packaging and logistics. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE One overall goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 Three Zeros by 2030Five 50 By 2030We set achieving mutualism with the environment as our goal. Field of focus Key actions Medical support Donated funds to build a national grade-A tertiary public hospital Sports careers Launched ANTA Athlete Protection and Development Plan Rural revitalizationIntroduced the sports charity project Sturdy Growth Charity Project for young people to donate cash and equipment to help young people in underdeveloped areas to participate in healthy sports Environmental protectionActively cooperated with environmental protection organizations, participated in the rescue of endangered species, and contributed to biodiversity Five 50 By 2030 development with socially responsible practices. Two Improvements by 2030Engage 3, 000 upstream and downstream eco-system partners in the industry to improve their level of sustainabilityEngage 300 million consumers to exert joint efforts in sustainable development initiatives We believe that mutualism with the society is the source of our infinite vitality and energy, as well as the value we bring to our country and the world. Anti-corruption Company Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Monopoly Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People s Republic of China Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People s Republic of China Supervision Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Corruption Regulations Auditing and Supervision Policy Group Business Gift Management Policy Management Accountability Policy Exit Audit PolicyAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH 64 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUEAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 66 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT A4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT KPI A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT 67 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB1 EmploymentGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 68 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. ESG Key Performance Index Data Table 69 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION KPI B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATIONAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 70 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulates) are mainly from emissions from the Group s manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation X carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 MWh has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 73 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A1 EmissionsA1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced5Ton 24. 13 17 3. 01 Hazardous waste intensityKg Revenue per million RMB0. 49 Not disclosed Not disclosed A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensityTotal non-hazardous waste produced 6Ton 3, 248. 83 2, 359 2, 460. 51 Non-hazardous waste intensityTon Revenue per million RMB0. 07 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 7 Gasoline kWh 889, 062. 42 313, 192 19 8 Diesel9kWh 255, 379. 22 152, 407 2 8 Natural gas kWh 11, 895, 519. 78 12, 704, 352 2, 033, 039 10 Purchased electricity kWh 205, 233, 867. 35 110, 175, 714 116, 430, 026 Purchased steam kWh 60, 989, 344. 52 60, 770, 785 162, 424 11 Total energy consumptionMWh 279, 263. 17 Not disclosed Not disclosed Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB5. 66 Not disclosed Not disclosed 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 and 2020 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.; the data for 2019 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd. and Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd.; the hazardous waste data for 2019 are disclosed in the 2019 ESG report as 3, 014 kg. The data of non-hazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and self- operated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (non-recyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of non-hazardous waste; the data of non-hazardous waste in 2019 were disclosed in the 2019 ESG Report as 2, 460, 514 kg. Energy consumption (unit kWh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and p urchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB2589-2020). Diesel consumption increased in 2021 due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 74 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 424, 206. 58 1, 684, 010 1, 912, 097 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB28. 87 47 56 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference to per unit producedTotal packaging material consumption 12Ton 21, 943. 96 12, 283. 45 Not disclosed Intensity of packaging material consumptionTon Revenue per million RMB0. 44 Not disclosed Not disclosed B. SocialAspect B1 EmploymentB1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees 13Person 52, 000 41, 000 30, 800 By genderMale 26. 0 27. 1 31. 6 Female 74. 0 72. 9 68. 4 By functionOffice employees 20. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 22. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 56. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed By rankPresident level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 14 1. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 6. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 19. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed 12 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume, and the actual volume of packaging materials used in 2020 was 12, 283. 45 tons. The unit conversion error in the 2020 ESG report has been corrected in this report. The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 1, 051 other types of workers, such as t emporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B1 EmploymentBy age group 16-24 15. 4 11. 6 15. 6 25-40 73. 0 74. 3 69. 9 41 and above 11. 6 14. 1 14. 5 By geographical regionMainland China 99. 2 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 0. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed B1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 15 Total employee turnover rate 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By gender Male 65. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 48. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed By age group16-24 89. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed 25-40 47. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed 41 and above 39. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By geographical regionMainland China 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 53. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed 15 Overall employee turnover rate (number of leaving employees during the financial year number of employees as of 31 December 2021) x 100. Employee turnover reflects the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are labor-intensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 76 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyB2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 16 Number of work-related fatalitiesPerson 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury 17 Office employees Day 422 295. 5 55 Production and logistics staff18Day 2, 313 1, 815 551 Retail employees Day 2, 078 19493 240 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingB3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 20 Percentage of employees trained 79. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by gender Male 23. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 77. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by rankPresident level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 21 1. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 7. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 77. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 13. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed 16 Data obtained from the Human Resources Department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the Company s human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injury data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. In 2021, we updated the categor y of employee function statistics from factory employees to production and logistics staff. For the number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries, the scope of data reporting covers production and logistics staff in 2021, and factory employees in 2020 and 2019, with no retrospective adjustments. The increase was due to the expansion of ANTA s retail business with FILA and other brands as a result of the DTC business transformation, which led to an increase in the number of retail employees and an overall increase in the size of the workforce, resulting in an increase in the number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries. The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employ ees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant category (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. 21 The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingEmployees trained by function Office employees 21. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 15. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 63. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed B3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category 22 Average training hours Hour 17. 58 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by gender Male employee average training hours Hour 14. 35 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female employee average training hoursHour 18. 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by rankPresident level Hour 6. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 23Hour 19. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level Hour 19. 67 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others Hour 19. 63 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff Hour 7. 61 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by functionOffice employees Hour 16. 96 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staffHour 7. 13 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees Hour 21. 14 Not disclosed Not disclosed 22 A verage training hours per employee total training hours total number of employees. The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 78 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B5 Supply Chain ManagementB5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region Total number of suppliers Number 379 24720 25Over 669 26 Contracted suppliers in China 94. 2 96. 9 97. 0 Contracted suppliers overseas 5. 8 3. 1 3. 0 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 27 96. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certificationNumber 267 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certificationNumber 162 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with bluesign certificationNumber 45 40 40 24 The scope of data reporting is the number of direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. W e are optimizing the statistical management and data collection system of the data indicators related to our upstream business, so the data of tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers in 2021 are not disclosed in this report, and such information will be considered for future disclosure. The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. The scope of data reporting is direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityB6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products Not applicable 0. 01 Less than 0. 03 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 28 Product complaints Case 294, 924 295, 011 305, 433 31 Among which Shoes 63. 8 56. 0 55. 5 Apparel 35. 0 42. 4 43. 3 Accessories 1. 2 1. 6 1. 2 Service complaints32Case 6, 060 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B7 Anti-corruptionB7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Legal cases regarding corrupt practicesCase 1 0 2 B7. 3 Anti-corruption training provided to directors and employeesAnti-corruption training for top management and Board members 33Number of participants 728 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for office employees 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for Board members 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B8 Community InvestmentB8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 65 32 36 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 270 Over 100 Over 100 28 The scope of data is ANT A and the FILA brand. In 2021, we optimized our statistics and expanded the scope of product complaints to include quality returns, 400 hotline compl aints and online complaints. In response to the DTC business transformation and the advancement of e-commerce operations, we are increasingly focusing on ou r customer service quality, striving to optimize our service quality to provide consumers with a better shopping experience. In 2021, we improved our statistics and reporting methods, and incorporated service-related complaints into our ESG KPIs and management. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 80 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 81AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company incorporated in the Republic of Finland ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY GROUP WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BOARD Board of Directors CG CODE Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules CHINA PRC People s Republic of China COC Chinese Olympic Committee CO2Carbon dioxide CO2 equivalent Carbon dioxide equivalent CSD Chinese Sports Delegation DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the CompanyFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The sub-brand of FILA, which offers youth s trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FINANCIAL YEAR The year ended 31 December 2021 GHG Greenhouse gas GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries HONG KONG The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent non-executive director(s) of the Company KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) MACAO The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRCMAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan MSCI MSCI Standard Indexes NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Non-executive director(s) of the Company PANDEMIC 2019 novel coronavirus disease R&D Research and development REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The sustainability committee of the Company UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural OrganizationGLOSSARY ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Concept and Design - Mens Creation Ltd. www. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW Brilliance Automotive BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE This is our Communication on Progress in implementing the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and supporting broader UN goals. CEO s MessageINTRODUCTION An Overview of BMW Brilliance Our Product Portfolio Highlights in 2021 Our Sustainability Progress 01 03 04 05 06 Sustainability Management FUNDAMENTALS Stakeholder Engagement Compliance Management Data Privacy and Information Security 101 3 52 4 16 19 22 Total Quality ManagementPRODUCTS AND SERVICES Climate-friendly Products and Services Circular Product Lifecycle 26 30 36 Human Resources Management EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Employee Engagement Caring for People Empowering People Corporate Social Responsibility 62 66 69 73 78 About This Report OTHER INFORMATION Further GRI Information GRI Content Index Limited Assurance Report Basis of Reporting 87 88 99 111 114 PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK Resource Consumption and Efficiency Green Logistics Purchasing and Supplier Network Real Estate Management 42 49 55 59CONTENTS BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202125 61 8609 41At BMW Brilliance, we firmly believe that there is no accountability without transparency, and we release the Annual Sustainability Reports to disclose our economic, social and environ - mental impacts on the most critical aspects. The content of the report was prepared in com - pliance with the GRI Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative, and to demonstrate our implementation of the communication require - ments of the United Nations Global Compact. ABOUT THIS REPORT FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTIONINTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 01 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 2021 was a stark reminder of the urgent need for us all to move towards a more sustainable way of living. COVID-19 and its effects remained per - vasive and we felt the increasingly devastating impact of climate change, which threatens biodiversity, ecosystems, natural balance, resources and livelihoods around the world. The businesses worldwide were also tested by numerous challenges, including the cost of raw materials, logistics disruption and the supply shortage of semiconductors. All of these point to the precipice upon which we now stand, and it is time to decide Do we continue as before, allowing our environment to succumb to the damage we are inflicting upon it, or do we take decisive actions now, to ensure that there will still be a habita - ble home for our future generations? No Premium Without Sustainability As societies work towards a more sustainable economy, businesses also need to keep up with the sustainable development. The sustainability tar - gets of BMW Brilliance are aligned with BMW Group, and we fully support the Group s strategic objective to be the most sustainable manufacturer for individual premium mobility. A sustainable future is only possible when we are all pulling in the same direction. Franz Decker President and CEO BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. Catalysing Climate Change Actions Taking actions against climate change is one of our top business priorities, and we are change agents to drive green transformation across our entire value chain, from production to supply chain, logistics and dealer management. We successfully transitioned to 100 renewable electricity not only for our production base in Shenyang (since 2019), but also for all our non-production sites across China in 2021. Together with the state-of-the-art low-carbon technologies in our production, we were able to reduce CO2 emissions per vehicle produced year after year. To accel - erate sustainable transformation of our supply chain, we launched the Supply Chain Match Plan China, and one of the underlying ambitions are to enable our suppliers in Liaoning Province to transition to 100 renewable electricity by 2030. Likewise in our logistics operation, carbon reduction is a core mission under our new 2025 Aftersales Strategy, which has set ambitious targets to curb CO2 emissions from aftersales logistics. On the customer end, we are striving to create a low-carbon ecosystem along the customer journey. One landmark programme is the Network Transforma - tion Green Star Programme, which we are developing to enhance sustainable dealerships and services through four aspects green environment, green power, green operations, and green engagement. Over the course of this past year, we have continued to develop our charging infrastructure, making more re newable electricity available for our customers throughout the country. Biodiversity conservation is vital to building an ecological civili - sation, thus fulfilling the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in this area is more important than ever. In 2021, we launched our BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative a new and long-term BMW CSR programme that focuses on biodi - versity conservation and public education with full engagement of stakehold - ers. We are proud to be the first premium OEM to embrace and contribute to biodiversity conservation in China. We are also ingraining this philosophy in our facilities by establishing ecological gardens, sponge city concepts and imple - menting nature-based solutions to foster a better environment for our people and our planet. Priorities in 2022 At BMW Brilliance, we believe the spirit of sustainability and cooperation is the only way forward to resolve the global challenges today. This year we are scaling up for our next phase of growth by expanding our production footprint, deepening our local supplier network, and launching the new future-orientated models. By manufacturing more of our products in China, our biggest single market, we are adding more constructive values for the local economy and for our Chinese customers. Furthermore, our new production plants adhere to the BMW iFACTORY principles of Lean, Green and Digital, reflecting our deter - mination to move forward together with China. While circular processes are not new for us, we have made great strides in recent years by increasing the volume of materials we recycle, in particular with our closed-loop system for steel and aluminium ingots. Another component in our push for sustainability is an expanded scope of parts-returns and reman - ufacturing, and further upgraded core tracing features for reverse logistics systems and improved overall parts-manufacturing capability. Our efforts have resulted in more efficient manufacturing, requiring fewer primary materials, and reducing our overall environmental impact. Today we must regard carbon as the new currency and remain industry leader in promoting a sustainable and green economy, by engaging and collaborating with our partners across value chain. EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202103INTRODUCTION PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 1 2 9 10 5 4 3 7 8 6 12 11 13 14 1. Complete Vehicle Production Plants 1 1 Powertrain Plant 4 Branch Offices 5 Sales Regional Offices 9 Finished Vehicles Dispatch Areas 2 Finished Vehicles Export Warehouse 6 Spare Parts Distribution Centres 5 Training Centres 2 17 Training Bases 3 OUR FACILITIESAN OVERVIEW OF BMW BRILLIANCE BMW Brilliance was founded in 2003 as a joint venture of the parent companies Bayerische Motor - en Werke Aktiengesellschaft (BMW) and Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Limited. Our business operations include production, re - search and development, supply chain management and purchasing, sales, and aftersales services of BMW automobiles in China. BMW Brilliance has a state-of-the-art production base in Shenyang, Li - aoning Province an industrial heartland of China. Guided by our aspiration to be the leading sustain - able provider of premium individual mobility, we are steadfast in accelerating the sustainable transforma - tion across our entire value chain in China. BMW Brilliance was granted with A-Category Enterprise by China Quality Certification Centre. Successful roll-off of the 100, 000th high- voltage battery of BMW Brilliance. BMW iX3 achieved record-breaking Super 5 Star Rating at C-NCAP. BMW Brilliance completed a green power trade and ranked first nationwide in the Green Power Purchase. Sustainability BMW Shenyang Plants event was held at BMW Brilliance Plant Dadong. BMW Brilliance Shenyang Training Centre started operations. OCTOBER BMW Brilliance successfully passed the annual assessment of National Green Plant. Five BMW Brilliance models defended their titles in their own segment of China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index. AUGUST BMW deepened cooperation with the State Grid EV Service. HIGHLIGHTS IN 2021 MAY BMW Brilliance ranked in Top Ten of LinkedIn s Top Companies 2021. 2021 BMW Children Traffic Safety Education kicked-off. BMW Brilliance plants launched biodiversity event on the International Biodiversity Day. The BMW iX3 gained a Super 5-Star rating in C-NCAP with a total score of 95. 7. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 06OUR SUSTAINABILITY PROGRESS KEY PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS The New BMW CSR programme initiated in 2021 to commit to biodiversity conservation and ecological civilisation construction. CO2 emissions per vehicle produced vs 2020.-7. 8 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced vs 2020. Training Days19, 524 26. 0 vs 2020 Energy consumption per vehicle produced vs 2020. VOC emissions per vehicle produced vs 2020. This figure is publicised on the Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of Passenger Vehicle Enterprises in 2021 by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT) on April 8th 2022. 2. The increase in this figure was mainly due to the increase in production volume and reporting scope expansion for logistics. Leveraged on improved data traceability, we managed to track and report CO2 emissions from international inbound logistics (US-China route) in 2021. 3. In addition to BMW Brilliance s Shenyang production base, as of 2021, BMW Brilliance ensured 100 renewable electricity use at its non-production sites. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly- owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. This figure is a newly added indicator to reflect the local directly hired employees in management positions. Change PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK (CONT'D) Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) 2. 68 2. 47 2. 40 1. 97 1. 82 -7. 6 Process wastewater per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) 0. 39 0. 42 0. 44 0. 44 0. 47 6. 8 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle) 7. 43 8. 05 7. 47 2. 99 2. 50 -16. 4 Total waste (in t) 71, 976 85, 237 87, 013 181, 791 210, 691 15. 9 Total hazardous waste (in t) 8, 164 11, 164 10, 199 9, 442 10, 408 10. 2 Total non-hazardous waste (in t) 63, 812 74, 073 76, 814 172, 349 200, 283 16. 2 Local content suppliers in China (number) 359 378 394 400 436 9. 0 Purchasing volume in China (in RMB billion) 26. 70 43. 10 49. 68 54. 89 71. 39 30. 1 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Total workforce at year-end (number) 116, 686 18, 925 19, 824 20, 739 22, 829 10. 1 Total new employee hires (in ) 18. 0 17. 3 8. 9 8. 6 16. 2 88. 1 Female employees in total workforce (in ) 112. 8 12. 0 12. 1 11. 9 11. 9 0. 3 Employees in management positions (in ) 16. 9 6. 6 6. 9 7. 0 7. 5 6. 9 Female employees in management positions (in ) 130. 2 30. 0 30. 6 30. 2 31. 4 4. 0 Local employees in management positions (in ) 1, 2-- -- -- -- 90. 0 -- Attrition rate (in ) 14. 5 4. 8 3. 6 3. 7 7. 4 97. 8 Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked) 0. 43 0. 28 0. 17 0. 09 0. 13 44. 4 Training days of training organised by the Human Resources Department (in day) 134, 314 33, 804 24, 311 15, 491 19, 524 26. 0 Average days of further training per employee (in day person) 12. 10 1. 79 1. 23 0. 75 0. 86 14. 5 Training attendee satisfaction rate (in ) 197. 0 97. 0 98. 2 98. 4 99. 0 0. 6 Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number) 21, 000 80, 292 2, 628, 710 11, 568, 364 11, 459, 458 -0. 9 Expenditure on social commitment activities (in RMB) 17, 064, 616 15, 575, 085 16, 513, 831 36, 619, 722 23, 439, 759 -36. 0 Total employee participants of CSR activities (number) -- -- 212 85 300 252. 9 Total hours of volunteer service (in hour) -- -- 1, 915 923 1, 914 107. 4 See Basis of Reporting for definition of each performance indicator. Everything from our governance structure, risk management, to our compliance and information security management, aligns with our goals to be more sustainable in business. It is thanks to the support of our partners that we can create premium and sustainable products and services. To this end, we strive to build a transparent and collaborative relationship with all stakeholders that motivate us to exceed their expectations. BEST ENTERPRISE PRACTICE AWARD 1st Rank BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 11 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK THE CALL FOR CONCRETE ACTIONS In 2021, the world around us underwent drastic changes. BMW Brilliance is aware of the changes taking place in the environment and is reflecting upon the impact that our business has on it. We recognise the social responsibility that we take on as a leading player in China s automotive industry, and as such we are optimising our business to enhance sustainability, identifying potential opportunities, and exploring new ideas and directions for further growth with sustainability in mind. The objective is for us to not only achieve growth in this industry but also create a prosperous planet for the generations to come. Not only have these events caused adverse SUSTAINABILITY MEGATRENDS A company s success depends to a large extent on its ability to recognise changes in its business environment early on and make plans accordingly, so as to prevent damages from potential risks and seize opportunities. In 2021, we conducted various studies with qualitative and quantitative methodologies to analyse the sustainability megatrends around us, including the green power policy, biodiversity, climate risk and others. The purpose is to achieve not only growth in this industry, but also create a prosperous planet for the generations to come. effects on our business, it has also inflicted pain on many lives and further slowing down the economy. Concur - rently, COVID-19 continues to afflict populations around the world and is impacting economic recovery, creating uncertainty for the future. A progressive road map has been introduced in China as the country formal - ly commits to carbon neutrality by 2060, with a series of policies on energy transition, carbon market and circular economy coming up. As a leader in sustainability in the Chinese automotive industry, BMW Brilliance is in a constant endeavour to improve our operations and adapt to external chang - es while responding to national strategies. As part of our efforts to achieve sustainability, we are expanding our E-mobility initiative, revolutionising traditional travel with low-car - bon alternative methods. What is more, we are actively utilising new technology such as 5G, IoT, and AI in our push to fully digitalise our work and service. In do - ing so we are creating more possibilities to enhance our sustainability performance. INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 12 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGIC DIRECTIONS Carsten Mueller-Deiters Head of Business Development and Corporate Sustainability With a converging focus, we are accelerating our step towards a more low-carbon and circular development. In 2021, with the launch of the new BMW iX3 and scaling up of charging facilities, we boosted new energy vehicle (NEV) sales and facilitated convenient long-distance low-carbon trav - el. Through our efforts, we have not only reached a milestone in using 100 renewable electricity in our production and non-production sites, but also paved the pathway for our dealers and business partners towards renewable electricity adoption through the BMW Green Power Alliance project. In utilising inno - vative methods to promote green logistics through the pilot use of E-Trucks, LNG Trucks and the wider adoption of railway transportation, we have further accelerated low-carbon transformation. CLIMATE CHANGE ACTIONS Every stakeholder is a valued partner in realising our goals. We joined hands with our suppliers to explore and innovate on the use of secondary materials. One of our key accomplishments was to push on a more sustain - able dealer network through the Network Trans - formation Green Star Programme. ACCOUNTABLE, CIRCULAR & RESILIENT VALUE CHAIN We are continuing to support our employees and aid their development, as well as care for the environ - ment in which we inhabit. Within our operations we are actively facilitating a more inclusive and diverse working environment that empowers employees of all genders. Apart from the competitive benefits programme and comprehensive training that we of - fer, we also have initiated education programmes to enhance the sustainability awareness and mindset across all our staff. In addition, we have launched a new CSR programme, the Beautiful Homeland Initiative, which focuses on protecting biodiversity and provides relevant education. Combined heating and power system STEAM energy-saving initiative Green building benchmark Office waste audit and assessment 100 renewable electricity adoption Multi-modal logistics optimisation Pilot use of E-Trucks and LNG Trucks Logistics planning enhancement Green warehouse management NEV product portfolio and competency optimisation Charging service using renewable electricity Dealership Network Transformation Green Star Programme Material recycling of steel and aluminium Recycling and secondary use of HVBs Parts remanufacturing, ReLife Point and reverse logistics system enhancement New materials investigation for reusable packaging Quality-first mindset fostering Application of industry 4. 0 5G AI Dealership Network Transformation Green Star Programme Customer Board Platform, Joy Index, Premium Customer Experience Ambassador SelectionGoals Actions and Initiatives Page Index Supporting UNSDGsALIGNMENT WITH UNSDG s BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202114 INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK Strategic Directions ACCOUNTABLE, CIRCULAR & RESILIENT VALUE CHAIN (CONT D)Environment, health and safety Diversity and inclusion Human capital development Corporate social responsibilityEthical sourcingMinimise the impacts of our operations, our suppliers and dealers' operations on the environment, employees, and communities. Continuous measures to enhance VOC reduction, waste management and water efficiency Health and Safety Protection Activity programme Dealer EHS Manual & self-check list update Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct training Ethical raw material procurement The Academy of BMW Group China online learning platform for employees BMW Brilliance Technology & Manufacturing Management Development Programme Future Talent Programmes The BMW Brilliance Training Centre started operation The Training Academy with BEST Programme, Dealer Elite Talent Development and Retention Programme, New Staff Enlightening Journey Programme, BMW Business School Programme BMW CSR flagship programmes The new BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative The Self-Strengthening Movement under BMW JOY Home BMW Corporate Volunteer Association 2021 Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Female Associates Rights and Interest BMW Global Diversity Week BMW Digital Inclusion InitiativeGoals Actions and Initiatives Page IndexALIGNMENT WITH UNSDG s RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP Lead our industry by modelling an inclusive, diverse culture that supports our workforce and our communities. Under their guidance, we have integrated sustainability into key business decisions that direct our company forward. Sustainability is an in - tegral component in our annual target-setting process, which defines the targets each business function is required to meet. The Board of Management also oversees our compliance with all provisions of the law and internal regulations, as well as implementing risk management and conducting risk control measures. Since its establishment in 2020, the BMW Brilliance Corporate Sustainability Execution Committee has been fulfilling its responsibility of ensuring transparen - cy and facilitating common understanding on overall sustainability progress and target status across our value chain. Through monthly meetings and continuous engagement, the committee steered the cross-function communication and resource synergy, and promoted the sharing of insights, trends, and best practices to drive sustainability innovation and projects. Our aim is to minimise the adverse effects of climate change through risk management and become a more resilient mobility service provider. The first category is transition risks, which are related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy with extensive policy, legal, technology, reputation and market changes to address mitigation and adaptation requirements re - lated to climate change. The second category is phys - ical risks, which are related to the physical impacts of climate change and can be event-driven (acute, like hurricanes and floods) or longer-term shifts (chronic, the rise of sea levels) in climate patterns. By conducting megatrend analysis, literature review and peer benchmarking, we have identified 3 tiers of key transition and physical climate change risks, including the increased severity of extreme weather events, shifts in consumer preferences and increased costs of GHG emissions. As a result, all risks were listed on the heatmap and integrated into the corpo - rate risk report for further evaluation. Our next step is to conduct a quantitative analysis of climate-related risks to provide a more concrete financial reference for the strategy design and decision making. Jun Wang Senior Vice President Finance By assessing various emerging risks, including climate change s impact on our business, we are better prepared for the future by enhancing our resilience to potential extreme events. BMW BRILLIANCE BOARD OF DIRECTORSCorporate Sustainability Governance at BMW Brilliance Sustainability is an integral component in our annual target-setting process, through which business functions are required to reach targets that were set. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202116 INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT1. 2 For BMW Brilliance, nurturing a transparent and collaborative relationship with all stakeholders in a transformative context has become a key priority for us. Despite the negative impact of the pandemic, we have continued our inclusive stakeholder engagement efforts with a view to gather all stakeholders feedback. Our ultimate aim is to establish an ongoing, transparent dialogue that serves to bolster mutual trust to help guide BMW Brilliance s decision-making processes in the best possible way. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 17 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND COLLABORATION Our communications with stakeholders provide us with a host of viewpoints concerning sustainability, which, in turn, inspires us to optimise our management approach and methods. In February 2021, the previ - ous incumbent mayor of Shenyang Municipal People s Government, Mr. Wang Xinwei visited Plant Tiexi, and widely acknowledged BMW Brilliance s contributions to the local economy. In December 2021, at the Sustainabil - ity BMW Shenyang Plants event, our up-to-date sus - tainability achievements and management approaches were presented to Shan Yi, Vice Mayor of Shenyang, Li Gang, Secretary of Dadong District CPC Committee, participating journalists and suppliers. We have long treated our suppliers as indispensable partners who enable us to realise a sustainable and cir - cular value chain. In June 2021, our key suppliers were invited to the German Association of the Automotive In - dustry Quality Management Centre (VDA QMC) Regional Conference, where we shared insights on achieving sus - tainable and high-quality development in today s digital age. In addition, green transformation and sustainability were also highlighted during the BMW Brilliance Supplier Media Visit, where we presented the best sustainable practices to realise a sustainable supply chain. In June 2021, the BMW Brilliance BASF Tech Day was successfully held, with more than 1, 000 senior managers and industrial experts taking part. As a result, a further consensus on the continuing cooperation has been established in order to ensure long-term sustainable development for both sides. In the same month, the first Open World Event ended successfully with the guests attendances from Alibaba Group. This event allowed us to expand our hori - zons with the latest technological developments to better promote our digital transformation. Sustainability has always been a central theme when engaging with different stakeholders. Product quality and safety Customer support and satisfaction Information security and privacy protection Health and safety Employee development and well-being Product quality and safety Diversity, inclusion, and equality Product quality and safety Business ethics Information security and privacy protection Contributions to local economy Environmental impact on local community Product quality and safety Customer support and satisfaction Energy consumption and renewable energyCUSTOMERS EMPLOYEES LOCAL RESIDENTS MASS MEDIA 17Our Stakeholder Groups and Engagement Approach INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 18 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK STAKEHOLDER COLLABORATION BMW Brilliance always strives to expand our sustaina - bility networks through widespread collaborations with partners from industry, supply chain, civil society and other areas. In this way, we are better able to leverage strengths from both sides to enhance overall sustainable development and ultimately create shared value. BMW Brilliance maintains a close relationship with the China Automotive Technology and Research Centre (CATARC), one of the Chinese automotive industry s leading associations. In 2021, our excellent performance earned us CATARC recognition. BMW Brilliance was awarded the China-New Car Assess - ment Programme (C-NCAP) Safety Contribution Award by CATARC, and we have been continually ranked No. 1 on the Automotive Industry Green Development Index. In terms of our collaboration with civil society, based on our strong partnership with the China Education Devel - opment Foundation and China Green Foundation, we are exploring new areas while also addressing other emerging issues. We also upgraded the BMW JOY Home programme via a new Self-Strength - ening Movement which focuses on the revitalisation of rural education. In March 2021, we held a series of events in support of the Earth Hour 2021 initiated by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). Our employees got a better un - derstanding of how to put the concept of sustainability into actual practice by turning off the electric devices, saving toiletries and driving in BMW models ECO PRO mode. Furthermore, multiple workshops were held to help motivate and empower our business partners to transition to renewable electricity. In the fall of 2021, the workshop for dealer partners attracted over 150 participants from 104 dealer groups; whereas the workshop for non-production sites drew over 50 participants from real estate landlords, relevant business departments and facility operators. In the future, we will develop practice manuals to provide professional guidance and technical support to our dealers and real estate partners on renewable electricity adoption. Our commitment to integrity and corporate responsibility guides everything we do at BMW Brilliance. Top rankings on all public ratings related to the automotive industry with no blacklist recordAdvanced AEO1General Administration of Customs A Level Tax Payer State Taxation Administration Level A Entity State Administration of Foreign Exchange Enterprise Quality Level A China Quality Certification Centre Labour Protection Level A Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security Honest Entity Ministry of Ecology and Environment6Social Credit System Honour List BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 20 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK TAKING A RISK-BASED APPROACH BMW Brilliance has developed a hybrid methodol - ogy that combines both top-down and bottom-up approaches to identify, assess, and mitigate any key compliance risks the company may face. The 2021 Compliance Risk As - sessment heat map shows increasing risk levels for the most compliance subjects, which is in line with today s stricter external regulatory environment. In response to this, a variety of mitigation measures were developed and implemented. As an integral part of an effective compliance man - agement system, the robust organisational frame - work of BMW Brilliance has ensured that a proper compliance accountability structure is put in place. A ROBUST GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE BMW Brilliance has established a robust organisational framework to ensure a proper compliance accounta - bility structure. The Board of Directors (BoD) of BMW Brilliance assumes the ultimate responsibility for ad - ministering a compliance management system at the shareholder level. The Audit and Compliance Commit - tee (AC) under the BoD sets compliance objectives, allocates resources and monitors practices to ensure complete compliance with all regulatory and ethical requirements. Authorised by the BoD, BMW Bril - liance s Board of Management (BoM) and Corporate Governance & Compliance Committee, serving as its sub-committee, takes the primary over-sight role. And a dedicated department of Corporate Governance and Compliance was established to manage overall com - pliance programmes. COMPLIANCE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT Given the uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and ever stricter regulatory requirements around the globe, placing integrity at the heart of our business strategy is not only a best practice, but also vital for our company s long-term survival. Since 2020, several compliance topics such as antitrust, cybersecurity and data security have been put at centre stage. The topic list may continue to grow and remain highly active in the foreseeable future. Meanwhile, a series of law enforcement moves in China has sent a powerful signal from top regulators about their determination to see tightened regulations are closely adhered to. At BMW Brilliance, a well-functioning and dynamic compliance management system has become increasingly important for the company s sustainable future success. Compliance Governance at BMW Brilliance BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT COMPLIANCE OPERATIONS NETWORKBMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCTI AND SUPPL BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 21 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK 2022 FORECAST Today s increasingly volatile, uncertain, and dynamic environment demands a robust compliance management system. In terms of antitrust, we will continue to review and rein - force our antitrust management system as well as all per - tinent penalty mechanisms. The specific antitrust targets will be included as part of the overall 2022 compliance targets for all managers and antitrust compliance require - ments will be included in the job descriptions for relevant staff members. GENERAL MEASURES - PREVENTION, DETECTION AND REMEDIATION BMW Brilliance regularly implements a wide range of prevention, detection, and remediation measures to manage its com - pliance risks. To this end, nine compliance speeches were delivered by BoM members during a variety of activities in 2021. A culture of compliance was also nurtured through compliance target, legal monitoring, policies, training, communication, and pre-approval processes via the E-compliance systems. BMW Brilliance uncovers potential compliance issues in several ways, including case investigations, special reviews, routine audits, and other methods. When problems are identified, we initiate disciplinary measures in a strict and consistent manner against those employees or business partners who have violated external regulations or internal policies. One of the key components of compliance is to ensure the process of reporting compliance concerns is as easy as possible. In 2021, the company further officially promoted the BMW Group SpeakUP line to business partners. BMW Brilliance is fully committed to lawful and respon - sible business conduct, and we also demand high ethical standards from our business partners. By creating a culture of compliance across our entire supply chain, we will reinforce trust between BMW Brilliance and our business partners and maintain business rela - tionships in a stronger and more sustainable manner. At the same time, we will initiate prudent measures to enhance the overall capacity and capabilities of forensic technology in investigation. For this reason, the fight against non-compliance will remain a focal point for us in the foreseeable future. That is why we must practise constant vigilance and redouble our efforts to ensure thorough, effective and timely implementation of all compliance programmes and processes. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202122 DATA PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SECURITY1. 4 At BMW Brilliance, we recognise the importance of data privacy and information security, and we have expended determined effort in building a strong infrastructure to safeguard us from threats. Thanks to our robust compliance culture, we are able to rapidly respond to regulation changes to ensure that we are fully complied with cybersecurity and data-protection regulations and standards in China and beyond. Certification obtained on information security management system and privacy information management system. Training Rate27001 27701BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 23 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH BMW Brilliance has a refined governance organisation that closely follows China s changing regulatory land - scape. In the long term, we will set up a PIPL Programme to focus on the PIPL and important vehicle data cross border. The programme will bring changes to our governance structure, where we have introduced 4 dedicated roles Cybersecurity Officer (CSO), Data Security Officer (DSO), Data Priva - cy Officer (DPO), and Automotive Data Security Officer (ADSO). Their responsibility is to manage personnel, processes, and automotive data by utilising a series of features that we have developed. At all corporate-level digitisation programmes, such as cloud transformation, 5G IoT as well as digital plant, our core focus is to ensure cybersecurity. Among all the digitalisation programmes initiated by different business units, we have designated a dedicated posi - tion, the Security Matter Expert, with a set of standard instructions to ensure information security across the entire digitisation process. INFORMATION SECURITY As information security is of the utmost importance to BMW Brilliance, we have ceaselessly strived to improve the security measures. This year we have been able to expand the scope of information security governance framework by incorporating individual applications from our business into our own governance framework. We have passed ISO IEC 27001 certification. Four-year achievement of Cybersecurity Law of China (CSL) Programme Action In 2017, we established the Cybersecurity Law of China (CSL) Programme to facilitate its implementation across all of BMW Brilliance. Notable achievements include Established the CSL Library to continuously track CSL regulations and standards. Formulated privacy and cookie policies to protect Personal Identifiable Informa - tion (PII) and con - ducted a Data Cross Border Transfer (CB) risk assessment and reported our results to government. FoundationRisk ScreeningManagement PlatformPolicyIntegration Training 23 INTRODUCTIONFUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 24 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK DATA PRIVACY BMW Brilliance values the privacy and security of customer data, and is fully dedicated to defending it and preventing any illegal cross-border data transfers. We have also updated the BMW Brilliance Associate Handbook and dealer contracts to include clear and comprehen - sive requirements regarding privacy management. Our implemented data security measures have fully com - plied with international data protection regulations and standards and have passed ISO IEC 27701. AWARENESS PROMOTION AND COMMUNICATION Internal communication is critical to ensure that we have complied with our privacy principles. As such, we have participated in discussions held by the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee and provided insights and suggestions for standardisation from our corporate perspective. FORECAST Building on our achievements in 2021, we will continue to improve our information security and data use governance. Our aim is to create transparency related to subject data consent and custom - er inquiries, as well as to enforce additional conditions for cross-border access. The protection of privacy and information is weaved into every facet of our business. It is the bond of trust shared between partners, customers and us. Alexander Angerbrandt Vice President Information Technology EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALSBMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 25 2 Total Quality Management Climate-friendly Products and Services Circular Product Lifecycle2. 1 2. 2 2. 3BMW Brilliance believes that true premium products and services not only create value for customers, but also contribute to environmental and social responsibility. PRODUCTS AND SERVICESCHAPTER 2As a leading provider of sustainable premium mobility experiences, we are tirelessly enhancing quality and safety while minimising the environmental footprint of our products and services. Our products are designed and manu - factured to our highest standards with a Quality-first mentality, and we take pride in the steps we have taken to ensure customer safety. As our NEV product portfolio continues to expand, we are working with our partners and dealers to provide the in - frastructures and services that enable a premium and convenient E-mobility lifestyle for our customers. In addition, we have introduced changes and inno - vations across the whole value chain to reach circularity and ensure our long-term sustainable growth. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALSPRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202126PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENTHere at BMW Brilliance, we believe that committing to the highest product standards and unparalleled services are the first step in our pursuit of excellence, which are essential components for us to achieve sustainability as well. EFQM 7 Stars QUALITY-FIRST CULTURE PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY SERVICE QUALITY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 26INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKBMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 27 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION QUALITY-FIRST CULTURE Quality is one of the most prominent considerations customers have when they make their decision to purchase a car. At BMW Brilliance, it is our mission to deliver best-in- class products and services, which are echoed by the positive results of the customer satisfaction surveys. TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT Our Total Quality Management strategy puts customers at the heart of every move we make. Our continuous improvement philosophy is driven by the quality targets we set to evaluate our overall performance. These targets encompass four stages reflecting the complete customer journey desire, purchase, use, and customer care. BMW Brilliance has a wholesome governance structure that guides overall quality management and ensures our conformity to world-class quality management stand - ards. Throughout 2021, we have continuously main - tained and improved our overall quality management system in adherence to the ISO 9001, IATF 16949 and other BMW internal requirements released by the Qual - ity Circle for Quality Man agement System (QC QMS). On June 17, 2021, BMW Brilliance successfully held the 6th Quality Circle QMS with our CEO and Senior Vice President, who reiterated the importance of high-qual -We believe that Quality Number ONE and Sustainability Number ONE are beneficial to both BMW Brilliance and our consumers on our way towards premium quality. It is this conviction that continuously attracts our attention to the quality assurance system and channels our efforts to achieve quality improvement. The Qual - ity No. 1 Conception is evidenced throughout the whole value chain and reinforced from top to bottom. A strate - gy was laid out by BMW Brilliance s top management to guide long-term development. In tune with the strategy, different function teams design concrete and feasible measures to turn the strategy into field practices by each Hong Yang-Schwindt Head of Corporate Quality Taking the initiative to ensure end-to-end premium quality with a sharp focus on customers expectations is the cornerstone of our success as a premium brand. As a result, the gene of quality has been successfully ingrained at functions from R&D, Pur - chasing and Production, to Sales and After-sales. This year, the quality mindset was fostered via various channels. For our employees, we held Q-online educa - tion courses with an objective to promote among asso - ciates the quality principle. Besides, our emphasis on quality also extends to our suppliers, who have profoundly realised our strict quality requirements during our routine and ad-hoc communications. BMW Brilliance s plants maintain the highest level of production among BMW s plant network, which ensures our delivery of premium quality products. ENSURING CUSTOMER HEALTH All BMW Brilliance vehicles comply with GB T 27630 interior air quality requirements and strictly comply with any changes in the relevant legislation. For instance, we make use of an aldehyde scavenger to decrease formaldehyde and acetaldehyde emissions and carry out yearly ran - dom odour checks on all vehicles and run a key compo - nent emission contribution analysis on BMW X1. In addition, better electric motor acoustics have also been achieved through improved overall sound packaging and vibration isolation. Road noise levels and road-induced booming noise have been minimised through an effective underbody sealing con - cept. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance strictly follows EU regulations under Directive 2000 53 EC and REACH, China s GB T 30512 Requirements for Prohibited Substances in Automobiles and other relevant international and national standards. In 2021, 20, 405 participants took part in our training courses and events. Once again, five of our models defended their titles in their own segments of the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index in 2021. 3 BMW 3 Series Top B-class Luxury Sedan X1 BMW X1 Top A-class Luxury SUV 5BMW 5 Series (Long-ranged and PHEV) Top C-class Luxury Sedan Top PHEV Sedan X3 BMW X3 Top B-class Luxury SUVTopped the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index (CACSI) BMW iX3 Record-breaking result in safety test Award BMW iX3 was awarded a C-NCAP Super 5-star rating with a total score of 95. 7, ranking 1st out of 82 tested models, breaking the overall rating record under the current protocol. A-Category Enterprise China Compulsory Certification (CCC) Certification BMW Brilliance was granted China Compulsory Certification (CCC) A-Category Enterprise. This is the authority approval for BMW Brilliance which has achieved 0 findings results during the CCC annual plant audit over the past two years while passing all authorised random inspections. materials limits covering all of our parts and compo - nents, the data of which have also been submitted in accordance with the new CQC MDS (China Quality Certi - fication Centre Material Database System) requirement. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 29 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION SERVICE QUALITYDELIVERING PREMIUM CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE In 2021, we focused on improving customer service through customer-centric approaches, such as digital - isation and process efficiency optimisation. Our aim is to always deliver a premium, seamless, personalised and delightful customer experience. We successfully conducted multi-level communication activities among central, region and deal - ers to bolster joint efforts for customer service. CUSTOMER SATISFACTION AND SERVICE EVALUATION We have developed a variety of channels to engage dealerships and measure customer satisfaction to en - hance and optimise customer experience. One method we adopted to measure customer satisfaction is to mon - 2022 FORECAST In the coming year, we will continue to heighten our per - formance standards to ensure a delightful experience for customers and maximum customer satisfaction. This approach will be directly applied to sustainability issues, which are ultimately all about quality. Key performance indicators for sustainability will also be incorporated into the overall quality management system, including vehi - cle emissions (in line with all regulatory changes), plus analysis and interpretation. All of these will con - sistently be improved through specific actions, including issuing food and beverage guidance to dealers, as well as conducting joint dealer promotions with marketing via multiple channels. Every year, we identify top BMW MINI dealerships and recognise their contributions to providing premium services to our custom - ers nationwide. In 2021, 301 dealers were evaluated for the 2020 Peak-End Customer Experience Award. After fierce competition, 10 dealers were awarded as Customer Experience Best Dealers. Furthermore, we have optimised the aftersales survey questionnaire for customers better understanding. Another tool we used to improve customer satisfac - tion was Customer Board Platform. This tool provided regular dealer performance reports on service quality and shared best practices for daily operations. In 2021, 360 dealers adopted Customer Board Platform in their management process and implemented 1, 538 action plans on aftersales, covering diverse aspects of custom - er experience, such as attitude and behaviour, quality of service, and other issues. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202130PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS CLIMATE-FRIENDLY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES2. 2 CLIMATE-FRIENDLY PRODUCTS LOW-CARBON SERVICES SUSTAINABLE DEALER MANAGEMENTAmong the myriad of challenges that we are collectively facing in the world, climate change is one that has wide-reaching effects that permeate multiple facets of life. As a member of society, BMW Brilliance takes its responsibility to stand alongside industry leaders and combat the climate crisis. Changing the world starts with changing ourselves, and we have done so by upgrading our products, business practices, and services in keeping with our goals to mitigate and reverse climate change impacts to achieve sustainability. vs 2020 19. 2 vs 2020 163. 8 vs 2020 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 31 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION CLIMATE- FRIENDLY PRODUCTS BMW Brilliance is using creative approaches to NEV development while closely adhering to the 2030 targets set by the BMW Group and relevant goals cited in China s NEV Industry Development Plan (2021-2035). In particular, the Group We have implemented Lifecycle Assessments (LCA) on our models to identify as many areas for carbon reduction as possible. We re also pioneering the use of low-carbon services, including green energy charging, 3-in-1 charging stations, and other measures. Moreover, the highly integrated, lightweight, scalable and modular design achieves 93 electrical efficiency and an e-range of 530 550km with 15. 1 15. 6 kWh of energy consumption per 100km. The BMW Group s Target on NEV offerings in China Batteries Produced by Renewable ElectricityAerodynamic WheelsDriving Assistance System as StandardBMW 5th Generation eDrive Technology Manufacturing of the BMW iX3 batteries are powered by 100 renewable electricity at our Shenyang HVB Centre. The rare earth materials-free 210 kV e-motor can achieve 93 electrical efficiency, an e-range of 530 550 km with 15. 1 15. 6 kWh of energy consumption per 100km. Key Sustainable Features of the BMW iX3 will be launched across the BMW brands in China by 2023. 12 BEVs of total domestic sales will come from BEVs by 2025. 25 is poised to launch 12 Battery Energy Vehicles (BEVs) in China by 2023, with the percentage of BEVs to reach 25 of total domestic sales by 2025. The BMW iX3 is the industry leader in E-mobility, de - signed with luxurious aesthetics, superb driving ease and reliable eDrive technology. This design masterpiece shares the BMW heritage of sheer driving pleasure with BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 32 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION ENHANCING THE BATTERY MANUFACTURE CAPACITY On July 30 2021, BMW Brilliance successfully unveiled its 100, 000th HVB off the HVB Centre production line, a true testament to the continued expansion of HVB s produc - tion capabilities as well as BMW Brilliance s commitment to sustainability. In line with the company s acceleration of the electrification process, BMW Brilliance opened the HVB Centre II in 2020, which marked the first facility worldwide to produce fifth-generation BMW HVB. This provides cus - tomers with a trusted and convenient aftersales experi - ence. BMW i dealer outlets have been opened by the end of 2021, up from 196 in 2020. In the meantime, we will continue to calculate and monitor the carbon emissions of other models to better contribute to the sustainable devel - opment of our products. FUEL CONSUMPTION MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance is continuing its efforts with fuel consumption management in order to improve fuel efficiency and reduce CO emissions. This was primarily due to calcula - tion flexibility adjustments as defined by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). Sean Green Senior Vice President Sales & Marketing BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 33 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION LOW-CARBON SERVICES Sustainability is embedded in the DNA of BMW Brilliance s charging services. This gives our customers and partners truly accessible solutions to realise the goal of green mobility. We are bringing the dream of convenient green energy charging to our customers. To this end, we have been working more closely than ever with the State Grid EV Service to promote programmes such as The use of green power for NEVs; Research and innovation of charging technologies; Cooperation in sales and marketing of charging. As a result, green energy has been made available for BMW customers in public charging stations. One highlight of the green energy charging service is that blockchain technology is utilised for green energy source tracing, and BMW customers will be issued with Green Energy Certificates after using the green energy charging service. These advanced 3-in-1 dealer charging stations bring solar power generation, en - ergy storage, and NEV charging all together in one place. A digital platform will also be in place to manage green energy generation and utilisation. DIGITALISATION OF CHARGING SERVICES Public expectations for green energy charging services are rising, and BMW Brilliance is leading the industry by creating a single hub that will supply all charging related services. This is supported by a series of incen - tives that are designed to encourage more users to take advantage of our charging service. As of 2021, a series of digital charging services have been available to customers to facilitate better customer experience and achieve better satisfaction. These services include Easy Charge, BMW charging station recommendations, as well as a function to collect customer feedback. Compound charging improves E-mobility accessibility Innovation To further enhance the customer charging experience at compounds, BMW Brilliance cooperated with Charging Point Operators (CPO) in 2021 and successfully rolled out 11 compound charging pilot stations in 6 cities, including residential communities and workplaces. BMW compound charging pilot station is to provide NEV customers with shared and convenient charging service as well as to integrate the vehicle into customer s life through the smart charging platform. Karl-Heinz Gassner Head of E-Mobility Our premium services enable a worry-free E-journey with accessible charging facilities and green energy. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 34 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION SUSTAINABLE DEALER MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance continually encourages dealers to serve as our sustainability ambassadors to inspire and empower them to provide a green customer experience. Our ultimate aim is to promote a win-win partnership, creating long- term value for both the BMW brand and dealers. Two benchmarks have been developed to measure dealers progress to this end Network Transformation Green Star as the basic standard and Network Transformation Green Star Lighthouse for outstanding dealership performance. Our goal is to have all dealerships qualify for Network Transformation Green Star status by 2025 and encourage outstanding dealerships to reach the Lighthouse level. The evaluation system contains three parts, including obligatory items, scoring items and guidance items. And the result will be audited by a third party, which is a key reference to grant the title. Dealerships are the valuable lynchpins that play a significant role in the sustainable development of BMW Brilliance and our shared green future. GREEN ENVIRONMENT We encourage dealers to focus on four areas of green environment, including energy saving, customer s comfortable experience, circularity as well as culture and biodiversity. GREEN POWER We encourage and guide dealers to adopt green power through procuring Power Purchase Agreements, installing distributed solar power or I-RECs. With the multiple tools developed by BMW (BMO & SPARK), dealers could realise e-recep - tion and digital working, and are encour - aged to purchase operational consum - ables with less ecological footprint. Through engagement in topics like green campaign, CSR activities, green commu - nication, sustainable training and green lifestyles, dealers can be the change agents to encourage more people to par - ticipate in sustainable actions and expand the impact of our sustainable services. BMW Network Transformation Green Star Comprises Four Aspects Amy Huang Vice President Sales Channel DevelopmentAll dealerships to realise green transformation by 2025. Management Target PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 35 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION NETWORK TRANSFORMATION ACCELERATION Despite challenges posed by the pandemic in this past year, we have continued to accelerate network transformation projects. For this reason, we made a comprehensive effort to revitalise every BMW Brilliance dealership, inside and out, with new designs, product presentations, and interactive experiences. In 2021, we closely monitored all EHS-related regu - lation updates and integrated EHS self-assessments into our Retail Standards with 92. 1 of audited deal - ers completing their EHS self-assessments. To this end, we will continue to expand the scope of NEV models and carry out carbon footprint LCA. What is more, the green energy charging service scope will extend to a 3-in-1 dealer charging ecosystem so that BMW customers could have one more source of certified green power for charging and one more way to enjoy a green lifestyle. The 3-in-1 solution will not only expand its coverage in dealer outlets, but also try to be applied in various scenarios such as park & charge, private charging, and compound charging. In the future, green energy charging services and the 3-in-1 solution will continue to contribute to BMW s sustainability strategy and targets during car sales and use phase. Our Network Transformation Green Star Programme for dealerships will be rolled out in full scale in 2022, with the aim to have 50 dealerships to achieve the Green Star Status by year-end. Aside from this, our new i-corner upgrade design will also be finalised in early 2022. Renovations will display more sustainable elements about NEV models. In it, we emphasise the use of lightweight and easy-to-assemble materials to make the space more flexible and sustainable. All of these measures will testify to our determination to offer green, climate-friendly products and services for everyone. The showrooms will incorporate terrazzo flooring ma - terials recycled from waste glass. All construction and furniture materials come from recyclable materials and are environmen - tally friendly. In the meantime, we also deliver the sustainable brand concept through the green construction method of prefabrication and installation. In 2021, we initiated a variety of dealer training workshops through the Green Power Alliance programme, with a total of 100 participants from 104 dealer groups. Empowering Green Transformation through the BMW Green Power Alliance Dealer Training Workshops EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 36CIRCULAR PRODUCT LIFECYCLE2. 3 PARTS REMANUFACTURING BATTERY RECYCLING CIRCULAR USE OF MATERIALS GREEN PACKAGING BMW Brilliance has been furthering its efforts to reduce environmental impact and create a circular lifecycle. We developed systems to enhance the efficiency and efficacy of our parts remanufacturing processes while repurposing components that can function within acceptable parameters. Through these actions, we are one step closer to reaching our aim of true circularity. vs 2020 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESFUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 37 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION Transmissions AC Compressors Head UnitsSteering Gears Mechatronic Items01 03 04 02 05 PARTS REMANUFACTURING BMW Brilliance is fully committed to recycling as well as remanufacturing parts, and we are cementing our leading position in the China market with faster expansion of scope and overall parts-remanufacturing capabilities. In 2021, establishing a green and circular economy became a critical national strategy, with a series of laws and policies related to remanufacturing went into effect in order to standardise and encourage the sound de - velopment of this emerging industry. One of the most important of these laws is the Interim Measures for the Management of Standards for Remanufacturing of Auto Parts released by the National Development and Re - form Commission (NDRC) in April, which clearly defines remanufactured products, production requirements, quality guarantees, markings, and core traceability. We have ensured the compliance with these regulations while enhancing our own efforts to achieve a circular production process. This year, we expanded the scope of our parts return process while further upgrading the core tracing features for reverse logistics systems and improved our overall parts-remanufacturing capabilities. Through these efforts, we gained a deeper understanding of consumer habits and are now in a better position to play a leading EXPANDING THE SCOPE OF PARTS REMANUFACTURING AND RECYCLING To serve the Chinese market more efficiently while ad - hering to local guidelines, we have made use of addition - al locally remanufactured parts. More 8-speed remanu - factured automatic transmissions and mechatronics were released to fit new BMW Brilliance car models. We have also developed remanufactured transfer cases that will be available on the market in early 2022. RELIFE POINT AND REVERSE LOGISTICS SYSTEM In 2021, the Encory China Dealer Front-end (ECDF), a parts tracking system, was fully utilised to improve the transparency of the overall reverse logistics process, providing parts information, logistics status, and other key data. To date, we have received continuous support and regular updates to enhance its efficacy and capac - ity. Along with BMW Brilliance s returns system, our transportation tracking system also went online to assist in monitoring parts returns while more than 1, 000 m of extra space was cleared for reverse logistics and core sorting. In the meantime, we realised 100 renewable energy use at our Relife Point through I-RECs. In 2021, we recycled a total of 389 t of metal (80 steel and iron, 20 aluminium), 140 t of plastic, and 43 t of paper during our remanufacturing processes. In total, we have recycled over 278, 000 spare part piec - es, weighing more than 867 t during the course of 2021. Of these spare parts, more than 1, 800 transmissions, 3, 800 steering gears, 12, 500 air conditioning compres - sors, 1, 500 head units, and 1, 000 mechatronic items were put into the remanufacturing process. At the same time, we have expanded the scope of parts-return in order to prepare our core readiness for further remanu - factured parts development, especially for NEVs. pieces remanufactured 12, 500 pieces remanufactured pieces remanufacturedpieces remanufactured 1, 000 pieces remanufacturedrole in the market. BMW Brilliance is fully committed to recycling as well as remanufacturing parts, and we have achieved significant progress toward this end. Number of various spare parts being put into the BMW remanufacturing process in 2021 Action Core sorting at the ReLife Point. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 38 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION BATTERY RECYCLINGBattery, an essential source of power in our life, also causes unneglectable damages to the environment. As a corporate citizen of the planet, BMW Brilliance is an active leader in addressing the environmental problems caused by the battery. We have fully complied with all regulatory requirements related to HVB lifecycle management. All batteries are 100 traceable, collected and recycled by BMW. In 2021, we recy - cled 6, 173 pieces of HVBs, a 42 increase from 2020. This was achieved through optimising our collection and recycling processes. To this end, we conducted training exercises with dealers to ensure that they maintain our standards when handling HVBs. BMW Brilliance s professional HVB Recycling Service outlet in Shanghai is currently en - joying successful operations, earning widespread praise and recognition from the local government. PIONEERING SECONDARY USE OF HVBS We have been focusing our efforts on pioneering R&D on secondary use scenarios for HVBs. After six months into the pilot scheme, these HVBs demonstrated out - standing power resilience and safety performance. The goal is to effectively extract and put them into new battery pro - duction from 2022 onward. Key materials in HVBs nickel, cobalt, and lithium are then recycled into manufacturing new batteries. This process will ultimately help replace mined resources. By the end of 2021, 554 BMW dealers have established the recycling procedure for HVBs across China. Furthering HVB Research Through Cooperation with Tsinghua University Collaboration Over a two-year period, we have partnered with Tsing - hua University on HVB market research, battery lifecy - cle carbon emission calculations, and reusable battery development. The success of these pilot schemes was supported by adhering to a strict oper - ational process that ensured the safety and optimal performance of the HVBs. Further tests are ongoing to validate these programmes with the goal of scaling up for wider application. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 39 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION CIRCULAR USE OF MATERIALS THE BMW i VISION CIRCULAR The fully electric vision vehicle BMW i Vision Circular displayed at the IAA MOBILITY 2021 is a concrete example of how the use of primary raw materials can be drastically reduced in the cars of the future. For us at the BMW Group, the twin ideas of Secondary First and RE THINK, RE DUCE, RE USE, RE CYCLE have comprised our main approach towards the promotion of a circular economy. CLOSED-LOOP SYSTEM FOR MATERIALS We had great success with steel in our closed-loop sys - tem in 2021. We are also in the process of testing a closed-loop project for alumin - ium ingots used at our foundry plant, and by the end of 2021 we achieved 12 in total. We are currently ex - ploring the feasibility of using secondary plastics for our automobile interiors and exteriors with our suppliers. The performance of these plastic parts will be further evaluated before we go ahead with mass production. SECONDARY AS A REQUIREMENT TO SUPPLIERS As part of our push for increased circularity, BMW Bril - liance has incorporated a sustainability target, which includes the use of secondary materials by our suppliers as a requirement during the nomination process. Scrap steel Scrap aluminiumAmount of scrap steel and aluminium recycled from production process (in t) 2020 202145, 000 71, 000 2020 20210 10, 402 Our circular practice is aligned with the initiatives of the BMW Group, focusing on increasing the use of second - ary materials in our products through innovation and close collaboration with our partners. Among our new supplier nominations in 2021, we have achieved over 70 secondary PGM use, reducing roughly 480, 000 t CO emissions in the coming three years. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE 40 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021FUNDAMENTALS EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKINTRODUCTION GREEN PACKAGING Green packaging remained a core focus of our circularity efforts in 2021. We have been initiating different programmes to enhance the efficiency and usability of our current bins while also exploring the possibility of recycling and remanufacturing bins to achieve material circularity in our supply chain. Our programme was initiated in March 2021 and completed by the end of 2021. A total of 1, 350 piec - es of steel bin can be reused in the next project. We also conducted a feasibility study on the use of non- steel bins to evaluate the use of expanded polypropyl - ene (EPP) renewable material (from EOP bins and daily scrap material). This study led us to a conclusion that a ratio of 75 new material to 25 recycled material used in producing new bins will meet our required EPP bin functions. As a result, we are now in negotiations with our EPP supplier to conclude a recycling and trans - portation contract. MAXIMISING BIN USABILITY In addition to recycling and reuse of packaging ma - terials, we have improved upon BMW Brilliance s bin concept construction guidelines by incorporating a light bin design standard, which has greatly increased efficiency. Our bin-sharing and rental programme has achieved excellent results, with our top five parts suppliers making use of rental bins 35, 545 times in 2021. The current scope of applica - tions covers existing projects and will eventually be extended to new vehicle projects. In June 2021, we started a project to optimise pack - aging density that was completed at the end of 2021. The result is that Plant Tiexi has already achieved nearly 0. 101 m per car saving in packaging while Plant Dadong has saved approximately 0. 166 m per car. We have also published a CO emissions matrix on different package materials and provided guidance on the best material choices for the bin design. This plan includes fulfilling a remanufactured product line of electronic steering gear while achiev - ing SOP for the remanufacturing extension of AC compressors. The plan also covers releasing remanufactured me - chatronics to fit on hybrid cars, and the beginning of using remanufactured engine components, alterna - tors, and head unit extensions. This plan will also im - prove the systematic solutions of core classifications and sorting standards. The results of the secondary utilisation pilot pro - grammes will be evaluated for a possible mass rollout. In 2022, with new requirements in place for recycling suppliers, we will form a closed-loop of HVB recycling, which involves all recycled raw mate - rials being reused by our own suppliers. Local parts are transported via returnable packaging. Use of rental bins among our top five parts suppliers in 2021. 35, 545 x 40 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTI ON, OPERATION AND SUPPL IER NETWORK SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202141 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS 3 PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKCHAPTER 3At BMW Brilliance, we are fully commit - ted to sustainability, and it is reflected in our manufacturing, transportation, operations as well as in our ties with our supply chain partners. As a National Green Plant, sustainable production is at the core of our production and is fully integrated into our strategic goals. Through increased use of low-carbon and multi-modal transportation and innova - tions in green warehousing practice, we tirelessly strive to make improvements in green logistics to reduce our environ - mental footprint. For our supply chain, we launched the Supply Chain Match Plan China to leverage different ways to reduce carbon emissions and adopt renewable electricity while enhancing EHS manage - ment to minimise the environmental and social risks across the supply chain. This year, another focal point for us is to trans - form our non-production sites and con - struct a low-carbon and healthy workplace. By implementing all of our best-in-class green practices in our new production plants, we have led the entire automo - tive industry in sustainable production. Waste for disposal per vehicle produced vs 2020.-16. 4 Water consumption per vehicle produced vs 2020.-7. 6 CO emissions per vehicle produced vs 2020.-7. 8 VOC emissions per vehicle produced vs 2020.-76. 0 Energy consumption per vehicle produced vs 2020.-7. 3 CARBON FOOTPRINT AND RENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCE MANAGEMENT GREEN PRACTICES AT PLANT LYDIA 43 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW BRILLIANCE S CARBON FOOTPRINT At BMW Brilliance, we track our emissions at every stage of our value chain, from our own operations as well as our suppliers emissions and the emissions generated by our customers. In 2021, the BMW Group announced an upgrade of its 2030 climate commitments with more strenuous CO emission reduction targets set across its value chain, including an 80 reduction in production CO emissions per vehicle versus the 2019 level. Leveraged on improved data traceability, we managed to track and report CO emissions from international inbound logistics (US-China route) in 2021, thus ex - panding our reporting scope for Scope 3 emissions. Our actions are described in various chapters of this report. Utilisation phaseUpstream chainDisposal Logistics Scope 2 emissions Scope 1 emissions Employees commuting business trip 72. 56 23. 71 1. 65 1. 45 0. 33 0. 24 0. 06 Note 1. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Other climate-impacting gases than CO 2 are not included. For calculation of the Scope 2 CO 2 emissions, market-based methodology is used in accordance with GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance issued by the World Resources Institute. Other climate-impacting gases than CO 2 are not included. Emissions from the upstream chain and disposal processes are based on the carbon footprint of representative vehicles from the BMW Group s product lines, calculated by Thinkstep s LCA tool GaBi which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. Emissions factors of logistics are based on emission factors in DIN EN 16258. Emissions from aftersales logistics do not include those from Spare Parts Distribution Centres to dealerships. The fleet emissions are extrapolated from the average fleet emissions of automobiles produced by BMW Brilliance for sales in mainland China market of the year. The calculation was based on an average mileage of 150, 000 km. Legend Scope 1 emissions - direct emissions Scope 2 emissions - electricity heat purchased Scope 3 emissions - upstream chain Scope 3 emissions - logistics Scope 3 emissions - utilisation phase Scope 3 emissions - disposal Scope 3 emissions - employees commuting Scope 3 emissions - business trip See Chapter 5. 2 Key Performance Indicators for the breakdown of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions. TOTAL EMISSIONS 21, 392, 395 17, 741, 047 Scope 1 50, 937 43, 614 Scope 2 71, 604 71, 275 Scope 3 3, 4, 5, 6, 721, 269, 854 17, 626, 158BMW Brilliance s Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in t)BMW Brilliance s 2021 Carbon Footprint 43 44 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 100 RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY USESince 2019, we have converted to 100 re - newable electricity at our Shenyang produc - tion base. Our next goal is to achieve car - bon-neutral production as part of the BMW Group s overall commitment to sustainability. In 2021, we achieved an increase from 15. 1 to 31. 1 MWp on-site Solar PV power-on. And we participated in the National Green Power Transaction pilot scheme and completed a renewable electricity trading volume of 2. 78 billion kWh, which ranked first nationwide. These measures will fulfil nearly all of the renewable electricity needs at our Shenyang production base until the end of 2025. In 2021, electricity made up 53 of our plant s energy consumption, 100 of which was sourced from renewable resources 70 by outsourced wind and solar power, 3 from on-site solar power, and 27 from I-RECs. Billion kWh of renewable electricity procured by BMW Brilliance through the National Green Power Transaction pilot scheme, ranked 1st nationwide. MWp Sustainability is our social license to operate. Erik Zizow Vice President Real Estate Management Region China 45 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND TRANSFORMATION IMPROVING ENERGY EFFICIENCY One major focus for BMW Brilliance is our continuing pursuit of energy efficiency. As a result, our energy consumption per vehicle produced has decreased for four consecutive years since 2016. In 2021, we investigated the viability of hydrogen and biogas to replace fossil energy. After close examination and tech - nical feasibility study of several solutions, we will further evaluate the performance and efficacy of each solution in more comprehensive terms. STEAM PLATFORM Inspiring energy management innovationJoint collaboration to boost carbon emissions research Green measures Collaboration In 2021, the Standard Tool for Efficiency Applications and Measures (STEAM) platform, a key energy-saving initia - tive, played an important role in facilitating energy man - agement innovation. We introduced this platform to provide employees with a way to submit their innovative ideas for energy efficiency improvements during production pro - cesses. In 2021, our staff members submitted 42 measures to the platform, which will ultimately result in a combined savings of over 5, 000 MWh of energy use per year. In 2021, BMW Brilliance initiated a cooperative intention with State Grid and Northeastern Uni - versity on the development of a Carbon Footprint Management Platform. In the near future, with this platform in place, we will be able to achieve more precise carbon footprint management. CO emissions per vehicle produced (in t vehicle) 2017 2018 2019 2020 20210. 70 0. 63 0. 20 0. 18 0. 17Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle) 2017 2018 2019 2020 20211. 83 1. 65 1. 63 1. 51 1. 40 To help foster greater awareness of energy efficiency, we hosted regular training programmes and workshops to share the latest updates in energy-related practices and standards. These actions brought down our energy consumption per vehicle produced to 1. 40 MWh vehicle, a 7. 3 decrease compared to 2020. In 2021, our CO emissions per vehicle produced was 0. 17 t vehicle, a 7. 8 decrease compared to 2020. vs 2020 7. 3 vs 2020 46 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION RESOURCE MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance is determined to lead the revolution for green operations by ac - tively promoting sustainable production methods in green plants, where technol - ogy and innovation is the driving force. Efficiency is crucial to BMW Brilliance and thus we are optimising our resource usage by enhanc - ing our water reclamation capabilities. Furthermore, we have integrated a comprehensive set of improve - ments to our facilities that offer a variety of benefits for both the environment and the ecosystem. Waste for disposal per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)VOC emissions per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m vehicle) 2017 2018 2019 2020 20212. 68 2. 47 2. 40 1. 97 1. 82 2017 2018 2019 2020 20217. 43 8. 05 7. 47 2. 99 2. 50 2017 2018 2019 2020 20210. 54 0. 56 0. 52 0. 50 0. 12WATER REUSE AND RECYCLING We channel our efforts to reduce water consumption and promote effective management of reclaiming water. In this regard, we have repurposed end- of-life materials in new ways by developing innovative approaches. About 170 t of iron sludge waste from Plant Powertrain is no longer landfilled, 99. 5 of which was recycled. Thanks to the optimised sludge treatment facilities and processes at Shenyang Plants, the waste per vehicle produced we sent off for disposal in 2021 decreased from 2. 99 to 2. 50 kg. VOC EMISSIONS REDUCTION Since 2021, Plant Tiexi and Plant Dadong Extension Projects have completed the installation of state-of- the-art volatile organic compounds (VOC) treatment facilities, which have made significant contributions towards VOC reduction. By the end of 2021, we have cut VOC emissions per vehicle produced by 76. LAND USE AND BIODIVERSITY Sustainability is closely intertwined with ecology and environmental protection. As a front runner in BMW s global production network, the BMW Brilliance Shen - yang plant has pioneered the concept of sponge plant and nature-based solutions during the planning and implementation of the new project, actively adopted soil and water conservation measures, and selected a landscape design with more functions to protect the biodiversity of the plant. In 2021, we achieved 1. 82 m3 of water consumption per vehicle produced, an improve - ment of 1. 97 m3 from 2020 level. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION GREEN PRACTICES AT PLANT LYDIA BMW Brilliance is ceaselessly pursuing a more sustainable production process. The new Plant Lydia, which commenced production officially in May 2022, reflects our green ambitions in this first-of-its-kind, state-of-the- art auto manufacturing facility. In 2021, our first Combined Heating and Power (CHP) in Liaoning has already began operation at Plant Lydia. This system enables energy transformation from coal to natural gas, which is expected to reduce CO emissions by 50 through energy replacement. The CHP will pro - vide supplies of electricity, heating and serve as a con - venient transfer method from natural gas to biogas. In the future, the CHP could provide electricity and heating via a dedicated pipeline. Other measures include opti - mising the use of solar energy through solar photovoltaic RESOURCE UTILISATION IMPROVEMENT Comprehensive water efficiency measurements were taken at Plant Lydia. Consequently, a total water con - sumption target has been set to measure the progress and outcome of our resource-saving actions. More panel installations are planned in both the produc - tion facilities and reserve area as well. The estimated capacity of solar photovoltaics is currently 23 MW, and we are actively exploring the potential to expand this share of on-site renewable electricity generation. An electricity consumption target has already been set for Plant Lydia, which has also become a requirement for our equipment suppliers. In addition, we have adopted the pilot use of an E-oven, which is powered by renewable electricity to reduce CO2 emissions by replacing natural gas usage. Jochen Esmann Head of Tiexi New Plant (Lydia) Project We believe green production is the key to solving the sustainability puzzle. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 2022 FORECAST In 2022, a series of steps to enhance green production are under planning. In terms of carbon footprint and re - newable energy, the standards of National Green Plant and ISO 50001 will be extended to cover Plant Lydia. In addition, we will continue to explore the possibility of energy replacement, with heat pumps and biogas, for instance. In the future, cooper - ation with research institutions will be strengthened to better leverage digital technologies for CO reduction. Especially at our new plants, more definitive sustaina - bility actions will be taken. To this end, the Plant Da - dong Extension Projects will carry out phase III water reclamation capacity expansion, which will save nearly 130, 000 m of water per year upon commencement. And at both Plant Lydia and Plant Dadong, a new paint material with lower VOCs and higher solid content will be applied. PROMOTING CIRCULARITY In terms of our furniture selection, our principle for Plant Lydia is to reuse secondary office furniture from other plants as much as possible. As for the produc - tion process, we have built the capacity to separate iron and aluminium from mixed metal waste to provide better circulation. ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION An ecological conservation garden will be built at Plant Lydia near the southwest assembly area for employ - ees to visit during lunch breaks and leisure time. Native species will be cultivated to preserve local biodiversity, and a small artificial lake will be included, supplied by rainwater or grey water. Water conservation measures will also be taken, including putting a clay layer in the soil to better hold water for healthy tree growth. tem for irrigation, collecting used water from production for secondary use such as car washing, and installing wastewater treatment facilities, all of which can save 40, 000 m3 of water per year. In our Press Shop, we developed a main drive control cabinet on the second floor, which can reduce approximately 5 of power through improved energy efficiency and being totally free from the chiller water. In addition, the e-coating reverse osmosis filtration system also allows for reduced fresh water consumption while lowering hazardous waste. INBOUND LOGISTICS FINISHED VEHICLE LOGISTICS AFTERSALES LOGISTICS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 49 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS GREEN LOGISTICSBMW Brilliance strives to create the greenest and most innovative products in the in - dustry and bring them to our customers with the utmost speed and efficiency. We are fully committed to achieving the clear sus - tainability goals that the BMW Group has set for 2030. We scrutinised every link in our logistics chain and have devised tailored optimisations for each step in the process. Our goal is to improve resiliency while simultaneously providing steady supplies to our plants, dealers, and customers. We have piloted the use of the first E-Trucks for our inbound logistics, implemented railway-to-railway transportation as well as upgraded our resilient logistics management for finished ve - hicles. Above all, we developed a new aftersales strategy along with improved green warehouse management for aftersales logistics. st 50 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION EXPLORING ALTERNATIVE FUEL ADOPTION FOR HEAVY VEHICLE TRANSPORTATION We are ceaselessly searching for cleaner and more efficient fuel in our logistics operations, as it is a vital factor in the future of sustainable transportation. In 2021, we initiated a pilot of an E-Truck, which was the first heavy E-Truck (20 t) used in Shenyang. The battery of the E-Truck is powered by 100 renewable electricity, which could transport 56 White Car Bodies of the BMW iX3 per day, and is estimated to reduce 2. 2 t of CO per year and produce zero hazardous pollutants as compared to traditional fossil fuel. This programme is under evaluation and is set to be rolled out for use in inner-plant and inter-plant logistics in 2022. Shipments of cargo from Dali - an Port to our Shenyang plant are currently conducted through railway, with Plant Tiexi receiving 50 of their shipments and Plant Dadong receiving 90 of their shipments by train. Alongside our efforts to increase the share of rail and sea transportation that we utilise, we are also optimising our road transportation by maximising the payload mass to reduce transport frequency and integrating low-car - bon criteria into our supplier selection process. Potential suppliers are encouraged to adopt low-carbon transpor - tation modes and utilise the full-truckload method. BUILDING RESILIENT LOGISTICS THROUGH RISK MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance highly values stability in our inbound logistics, and as such we are pro-actively monitoring potential risks, including climate-related risks, and providing preventive solutions to build resilient logistics. Front-desk meetings are conducted to identify poten - tial risks and cross-functional meetings are held every week to assess potential risks across the entire logistics IMPROVING LOGISTICS EFFICIENCY THROUGH DIGITAL PLANNING We are utilising digital planning to enhance the efficiency of shipment loading, which has resulted in a reduction of carbon emissions from our vehicles. The Plant Traffic Steering System (PTSS) has been utilised to moni - tor real-time intersection traffic. Our planning system actively analyses traffic conditions and optimises truck dispatches to avoid congestions to enhance efficiency. Sustainability has long been one of the basic tenets of BMW Brilliance s in - bound logistics planning and operations. Through promoting low-carbon modes of transportation, deploying new trans - portation vehicles and making progress in digitalisation, we have established a more low-carbon, resilient, and efficient inbound logistics system. In the event of a potential risk being discovered, preventive measures will be taken to mitigate possible negative impacts, such as increasing the capacity of storage based on traffic condition forecasts. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION With the goal of maximising efficiency and minimising carbon emissions in our mind, we have merged the logistics segments for local produced finished vehicle and imported finished vehicle. As a streamlined organisation, the new team is striving to hasten synergies and efficiency, speed up innovation and dig - italisation to realise future sustainable business models. FINISHED VEHICLE LOGISTICS PURSUING A LOW-CARBON TRANSPORTATION MODE In our transportation of finished vehicles, we continue to practise railway-to-railway transportation to improve efficiency while reducing CO emissions. Having main - tained a robust railway transportation network, we are transporting 78 of locally produced finished vehicles wholly or partially by rail, a shift from the traditional road to rail mode. The incident in 2021 which obstructed the Suez Canal effectively handicapped global sea transportation. Dur - ing that period, railway proved to be a reliable and stable mode of transportation. In 2021, BMW became the first premium OEM to utilise the Sino-European railway and the Chengdu compre - hensive bonded zone for vehicle imports. Chengdu became the first railway import port for finished vehicles within the logistics network in China, which is an effec - tive complement when the sea freight capacity is insuf - ficient. E-Trucks have emerged as a strong candidate. Upon evaluation of the truck s battery efficiency, charging sta - tion availability, and speed and route, we have identified 2 technical challenges. One is the instability of the battery s life utilised, and another is the lack of perfect hydrau - lic functions. Our solution is to cooperate with E-Truck suppliers to develop new products that meet our require - ments and optimise charging facilities along the routes. OUR APPROACH TO USING ALTERNATIVE FUEL IN FINISHED VEHICLE LOGISTICS Action Challenge Solution E-Truck Battery instability Collaboration with E-Truck suppliers to develop new products Optimise charging and supporting facilities along logistic routes LNG-Truck High maintenance cost Limited LNG support facilitites Lower payload capacity Establish strategic cooperation between logistics suppliers and LNG Truck OEMs Further construction of LNG supporting facilities along logistics routes Expand LNG pilot programme to Shenyang-Beijing Hydrogen Fuel Technological barrier Continue exploration of hydrogen application opportunitiy in transportation vehiclesIn addition to E-Trucks, we have been exploring the use of Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) Trucks in Decentralised Dispatch Area (DDA) cities. While LNG fuel has poten - tial to lower our carbon footprint, we have identified a number of challenges, including high maintenance costs, limited LNG support facilities along routes, and a de - crease in payload capacity. BMW Brilliance has facilitated a strategic cooperation between our logistics suppliers and LNG Truck OEMs to develop new trucks that can load eight units of finished vehicles. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION MORE RESILIENT LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT In 2021, faced with unprecedented effects of extreme weather, the ongoing pandemic, as well as other emer - gencies, BMW Brilliance has optimised its logistics management to remain resilient against such challeng - es. During site selection processes we have considered evaluations for the risk of natural disasters. We have also implemented preventive measures into our operations, such as daily monitoring of weather conditions, installing solar panels at the outdoor parking of Plant Lydia and Plant Dadong Extension Projects, and building sheds to prevent hail in the Chengdu DDA. Alongside our preven - tive measures, we are preparing a contingency plan by developing alternative routes and readying secondary modes of transportation to ensure stable logistics during emergencies such as pandemics, typhoons, or floods. INNOVATING THROUGH DIGITAL MANAGEMENT OF LOGISTICS In 2021, our Vehicle distribution Management (VDM) sys - tem went live, empowering the digital and smart man - agement of finished vehicle logistics. The VDM system is a comprehensive platform that allows for real-time vehicle location tracking, paperless operation, and man - agement dashboard to create the overall transparency of the business status. This system is also a vital step to contribute to the digitalisation and innovation. The data which is collected via every single handling step in the logistics chain from VDM will be saved in Cloud Data Hub (CDH) for the analysis to generate the direction for our further carbon reductions. Data-driven logistics is the base of never-ending sustainable improvements. RIGHT VEHICLE RIGHT PLACE ON TIME - EVERY TIME LEAN & CONTINUOUS FLOW GREEN AND DIGITAL SPEED AND PRECISION ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE MAXIMISED VALUE MINIMUM ENERGY ZERO WASTE TEAM WORKAbout Finished Vehicle Logistics Rainwater harvesting and water circulation system in Tianjin VDC Collaboration Initiative As part of our push to make our operations greener and carbon-efficient, we have been experimenting with a natural water circulation system in our Tianjin Vehicle Distribution Centre (VDC). Natural rainwater is collected through this system and is later utilised for car washing which not only conserves water expenditure but also independent utilities network and is thus more resilient against extreme weather conditions. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION AFTERSALES LOGISTICS Aftersales service is a vital component for BMW Brilliance s sustainable value chain. For which we have developed the 2025 Aftersales Strategy, that sets sustainability as one of our cor - nerstones. As part of our new strat - egy, we have set an ambitious carbon reduction target in 2026 to further reduce our carbon emissions by 1 3. For international spare parts, we are work - ing to minimise airfreight replenishment as it generates a substantial amount of CO and gradually substitute it with railway transportation, the greener option. In 2021, 20 of our urgent airfreight replenishments were replaced by rail, thus reducing CO emissions by 10, 000 t. Our target is to replace 50 of urgent airfreight replenishments with greener transportation modes by 2026. Apart from more efficient and greener modes of trans - portation, we have optimised our inventory management system to adjust the usage of railway transportation based on market predictions, and we are seeking out local sourcing solutions for spare parts to avoid unnecessary international transportation. For domestic logistics, our aim is to lower our impact on the environment by increasing share of electric vehi - cles used. We have steadily deployed battery-powered E-Trucks to deliver parts from Spare Parts Distribution Centre to our dealers. In 2021, two E-Trucks were de - ployed in the Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Foshan, and one E-Truck was deployed in the Spare Parts Distri - bution Centre in Hefei, both showing positive results. Our target is to reach 50 utilisation of E-Trucks in Dealer Metro Distribution Centre (DMDC) delivery routes in 2026. Our interim target is to establish a CO2 baseline condition and identify prelimi - nary decarbonisation approaches for aftersales logistics. And our aftersales service is a critical component of achieving a sustainable value chain. AFTERSALES LOGISTICS 2026 CARBON REDUCTION TARGETS 54 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT At BMW Brilliance, logistics performance is measured with sustainability factors, and in terms of warehouse management, the green warehouse is now our opera - tional standard. On the forefront of renewable electric - ity adoption, we were able to realise 100 renewable electricity for our six Spare Parts Distribution Centres across China in 2021 through I-RECs. Through maintaining a certain stock of new or slow-moving parts at the Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Shanghai, we could avoid urgent internation - al airfreight and thus contribute to carbon reduction. In addition, all the new Spare Parts Distribution Centres will take part in the BMW Green Power Alliance project to adopt 100 renewable electricity with priority on power. Sustaina - bility is now a KPI that we take into consideration during our warehouse supplier selection process. One detail we would like to see from our suppliers is for at least 50 of the packaging used to be returnable. As part of our push to make our warehouses greener, BMW Brilliance is planning to limit and reduce paper consumption. One example is to employ returnable packaging for Spare Parts Distribution Centre to dealer deliveries. We will also utilise electronic devices for business operations, such as using scanners during stocktakes to completely replace paper records. At the dealership level, we have implemented e-recep - tion, e-workshops, and e-payments to minimise paper use in our service process. For inbound logistics, we are conducting further LNG Truck pilots to resolve its challenges and optimise its functions. As LNG is more carbon-efficient, we hope to increase its scope in the future. E-Trucks will be rolled out for inner-plant and inter-plant transportations. Our finished vehicle logistics work will focus on explor - ing the possibility of using the Sino-Europe railway to export products such as the BMW iX3. Finally, in terms of aftersales logistics, we will continu - ously promote our green logistic initiatives while explor - ing new possibilities of other clean energy solutions for transportation, including LNG and hydrogen. SUPPLY CHAIN CARBON REDUCTION SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH & SAFETY MANAGEMENT SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AND ETHICAL SOURCING SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 55 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PURCHASING AND SUPPLIER NETWORKAt BMW Brilliance, we have built a comprehensive series of sustainability measures and standards into every aspect of our purchasing and supply network that guide both of our company and business partners. By means of the Supply Chain Match Plan China, we can leverage different ways to reduce carbon emissions throughout the entire supply chain. We are also focusing our attention on adopting renewable electricity sources for ourselves and our suppliers. BMW Brilliance also has in place an effective EHS management methodology that helps identify a wide range of risks that threaten sustainable operations. These measures, along with serious concerns about ethical sourcing of materials, reflect our sincere dedication to ensuring that all of our busi - ness practices are sustainable and contribute to a healthy global environment. billion RMB 30. 1 vs 2020 56 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION ADOPTING RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY ACROSS THE SUPPLY CHAIN Renewable electricity is a crucial point of focus for BMW Brilliance to mobilise and encourage suppliers to make use of carbon-free power sources. To this end, we have conducted electricity mapping at our suppliers together with training to help them with renewable electricity pur - chases, and share our know-how and lessons learned from our journey of transitioning to 100 renewable electricity in production. Our HVB Tier 1 supplier, CATL, from whom we purchased HVBs of 4. 14 GWh in 2021, achieved 100 renewable electricity in 2021. Our SUPPLY CHAIN CARBON REDUCTION In order to meet the BMW Group s ambitious 2030 goal of cutting supply chain CO emis - sions per vehicle produced by more than 20, as compared to 2019 level, while also meeting the Chinese government s dual carbon goals, BMW Brilliance has implemented a determined approach comprising a series of concrete ac - tions in the Supply Chain Match Plan China. MANAGEMENT APPROACH Sustainability has been comprehensively integrated into BMW Brilliance s supply chain management strat - egy. Through the use of role-modelling and enabling, we are helping to drive a low-carbon transition along the entire supply chain to achieve our ambitious com - mitments for carbon reduction. To this end, low carbon output has become a key criterion in our purchasing strategy, and we give priority to those suppliers who achieve lower carbon footprints. SUPPLY CHAIN MATCH PLAN CHINA In 2021, the Supply Chain Match Plan China programme was a major milestone for BMW Brilliance to develop an integrated and customised plan for sustainable supply chain management across China. A dedicated team was also established for the Match Plan to develop a comprehensive management system in order to better coordinate a working synergy and cooperative mindset among different departments. aluminium ingot suppliers, from whom we purchased a total of 20, 000 t aluminium ingot, also achieved 100 renewable electricity in 2021. Our carbon reduction philosophy also influences suppli - ers to actively consider sustainability issues during the construction and operation of their facilities. For exam - ple, greater numbers of suppliers are now considering the installation of solar photovoltaic panels during the site selection stage of their construction planning. Strategy PLASTICS EHS & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYRENEWABLE ELECTRICITYSTEEL & ALUMINIUMHIGH VOLTAGE SYSTEM PROCESS MANAGEMENTGOVERNMENT AFFAIRS COMMUNICATION & EVENTSUPPLY CHAIN MATCH PLAN CHINA 57 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH & SAFETY MANAGEMENT SUPPLIER EHS MANAGEMENT APPROACH The EPA is a thorough risk assessment process that identifies, analyses, and rectifies potential EHS risks throughout the supply chain from Tier-1 to N-Tier. It also covers 10 processes, including risk identification, policy trends, process optimisation, database informa - tion management, training, auditing, early warning, and fast response. Our approach provides all suppliers with corrective actions and continuous capacity-building activities. For high-risk suppliers, on-site assessments are conducted via an independent third party. For low-risk suppliers, we have a self-assessment checklist and a special Challenge Round. OPTIMISATION OF EHS MANAGEMENT We have optimised our EPA programme by getting more suppliers involved while also enriching the contents of the digital management system. In 2021, the scope of the Challenge Round was expanded. Previously, it was for internal staff members, but this year we have includ - ed Tier-1 suppliers who are responsible for N-Tiers. BMW Brilliance guided the process to help Tier-1 suppli - ers become responsible for their own supply chain per - formance results. It is also equipped with an external risk event-track - ing module to provide suppliers with a rapid feedback function for external events, placing greater focus on suppliers EHS risks within the manufacturing sector. SUPPLIER EHS MANAGEMENT ACHIEVEMENTS In 2021, we audited 51 companies from our supply chain, comprising 20 nominated suppliers and 31 N-Tier suppli - ers. The initial audit result for 2021 was 14 red 8 yellow 29 green. By the end of 2021, we successfully improved the average audit score from an initial 88 to 95. In addition, several risk management activities were carried out on environmental and social matters, including risk management for heavy pollution output during winter weather. We have pioneered a concrete and holistic supplier EHS risk management system through our Environment, Health and Safety Protection Activity (EPA) programme that has set a bench - mark for EHS within our industry. Moreover, we completed four internal training sessions and designed a video training course for suppliers, which went live with training sessions in December 2021. ETHICAL AND TRANSPARENT SOURCING OF HVB RAW MATERIALS Material-specific sourcing strategies were initiated by BMW Brilliance to guarantee maximum transparency while fostering responsible business practices across our entire supply chain. We recognised the importance of responsi - ble procurement of raw materials when sourcing from regions experiencing political and social conflicts, which 2022 FORECAST Looking ahead in 2022, as the development of our Supply Chain Match Plan China progresses, addi - tional specific indicators and targets will be set to better measure and manage our performance. In addition, we are exploring the application of other renewable electricity solutions. In terms of supplier EHS management, we have combined the EHS scheme and social responsibility programme, allowing us to integrate internal stand - ards into the entire supply chain. As a result, we will provide social responsibility training to suppliers while conducting ongoing EPA audits. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202159 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK PRODUCTS AND SERVICES EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY OTHER INFORMATION INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENTBMW Brilliance is taking firm actions to transform our non-produc - tion sites into low-carbon, green and healthy working environments. We are rethinking our approach to the entire lifecycle of our various non-production sites with enhanced sustainability in mind. This encompasses everything from site selection and building design, to construction and facility management. Our aim is to minimise the overall environmental impact in terms of carbon footprint, waste and consumption of natural resources at our facilities. At the same time, we are striving to foster a thriving, sup - portive, and healthy working environment for our employees. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION PROMOTING PRUDENT ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT BMW Brilliance stays in regular communication with employees concerning green operations and promptly responds to sustainability issues. To this end, we publish Partner Satisfaction Index on regular basis to various internal customers and shareholders on selected real estate management topics of major importance. Moreover, an employee survey was also conducted on the office waste management topic to gain a better un - derstanding of employees overall awareness, as well as to consider the optimal way to implement their sugges - tions on a scheme for waste classification at the office. As a result, based on the analysis of our current perfor - mance, we collectively came up with several creative proposals on how to improve office waste management. The next step will involve taking further action to facili - tate better office waste management through enhancing our waste classification system and increasing employee awareness on this matter. INTEGRATING SUSTAINABILITY INTO REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION PROCESS BMW Brilliance ceaselessly works to integrate more sus - tainable factors into its selection criteria for non-produc - tion sites, which forges solid, sustainable foundations for greener operations. To this end, we will give a stronger focus on sustainability when choos - ing proprietors, especially those holding sustainable building certifications or being equipped with renewable electricity supply. In addition, environmental impact as - sessments will be carried out to improve each building s overall sustainability performance. Sustainability will also be an essential factor for new facilities when we are evaluating partnerships with potential qualified suppliers and contractors. In 2021, we benchmarked with the world s lead - ing green building standards LEED and WELL. Furthermore, we have also leveraged digital solutions to strengthen our environmental management. In our future efforts to optimise the management of the 25 non-produc - tion sites across China, including the new ones under con - sutruction, we will actively seek to digitalise our work-re - lated tasks to become greener and more sustainable. This platform can effectively integrate a variety of functions, including data maintenance, performance reporting, regulation tracking, training, as well as audit support, to help improve overall facility management. It also enables real-time facility management data monitor - ing, to provide reference for further improvements. FORECAST We are currently developing our own sustainable building standards for all non-production sites, incorporating key sustainability aspects from site selection, through building design to construction, and until facility management. Our digitised facility management approach is enabling us to measure and monitor more indicators, which will help us set clear environmental targets in the near future and develop concrete reduction actions. In terms of overall energy consumption, BMW Brilliance ensures 100 renewable electricity through I-RECs at its 25 non-production sites, including 9 offices, 2 research and development centres, 6 spare parts distribution cen - tres, 5 training centres, 1 consolidation centre, and 2 brand experience centres. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202161EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALSBMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 61 4 Human Resources Management Employee Engagement Caring for People Empowering People Corporate Social Responsibility4. 1 4. 2 4. 3 4. 4 4. 5The bond between that of a corpo - ration and society has never been so tightened. To those who are part of BMW Bril - liance family, both employees and partners, we look to instill our core values and empower them to excel further within our organisation. As a corporate member of society, we take our social responsi - bility and have made efforts to tackle the most pressing challenges with all stakeholders. EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYCHAPTER 4 BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202162EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENTHere at BMW Brilliance, our people are the most valuable resources, and we nurture sustainable growth internally for our employees who are committed to building our vision of a better tomorrow. We have fully integrated our core values into our operations, and we have faith they will guide us to further growth at every level of our company. BMW Brilliance places a strong em - phasis on working with a diverse range of people, and we have invested in creating a work environment that is welcoming and nurturing to all. vs 2020 63 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK CORE VALUE AND CULTUREOur core values of Responsibility, Apprecia - tion, Transparency, Trust, and Openness are firmly integrated into the way our organisa - tion operates. This year, we continuously held corporate culture discussions and depart - ment-specific workshops in our core value space. Moreover, the linkage to leadership principles and the BMW Brilliance culture has been strengthened by several cross-divisional events with senior management. In 2021, we launched the new con - cept BestYOU programme, which provides more timely and flexible recognition to exceptional employees. The new concept can support a wide range of recognition with different requirements. In 2021, nearly 6, 600 asso - ciates were recognised by their partners for outstanding work, and around 1, 600 individuals or teams received instant recognition from their departments. We have actively responded to the female rights protection policies of China and Liaon - ing Province, and updated the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Female Associates Rights and Interests, which was deliberated and approved by the BMW Brilliance Associates Congress. Year 30 years old 30-50 years old 50 years old 2017 46. 8 52. 6 0. 7 2018 43. 7 55. 6 0. 7 2019 37. 8 61. 5 0. 7 2020 33. 2 65. 9 0. 8 2021 31. 1 68. 0 0. 9BMW BRILLIANCE EMPLOYEE ACCORDING TO AGE GROUP (in ) 1DIGITAL INCLUSION Under the impact of the digital age, our lives are inseparable from digital tech - nology. Digital inclusion, which allows digital technology to benefit everyone, is one of the significant moves of BMW s sustainable vision. Mutual understanding and mutual appreciation bring us closer as a family. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly-owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. FEMALE EMPLOYEES IN TOTAL NEW EMPLOYEE HIRES (in )1 11. 7 21. 0 vs 2020FEMALE EMPLOYEES IN TOTAL WORKFORCE (in )1 11. 9 0. 3 vs 2020FEMALE EMPLOYEES IN MANAGEMENT POSITIONS (in )1 31. 4 4. 0 vs 2020 64 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK The BMW Global Diversity Week Activity In May 2021, the BMW Global Diversity Week took place in its plants of all global locations. At BMW Brilliance, we par - ticipated by initiating a series of activities and communication, emphasising the importance of diversity and inclusion. TALENT RECRUITMENT ENGAGING YOUNG TALENT BMW Brilliance believes that talent acquisition is an integral component of our core competen - cy, which allows us to stay innovative and thus contribute to our digitalisation and sustainability agenda. BMW Explore Journey During the one-day BMW Explore Journey student activity, we invited young digital talents from a vari - ety of schools to the Shanghai BMW Brand Experi - ence Centre for a variety of activities, including vehi - cle test drives, and meanwhile joined the Shanghai Autoshow to experience more BMW products. BMW Brilliance Open Talk We conducted a series of BMW Brilliance Open Talk activities regarding the ongoing pandemic, attracting over 300 students from schools in China and abroad. Hackathon BMW Shenyang Plants In July 2021, we kicked off the first Hackathon at BMW s Shenyang Plants, attracting hundreds of students from over a dozen domestic and in - ternational schools. This event allowed BMW to work with young digital talents in exploring new technology and ideas for digitalising the industry. Lunch Roulette An O2O (Online to Offline) event where employees can experience diversity by randomly matching with another colleague through our platform to have lunch together. It provides an opportunity for diverse background colleagues to share and learn from each other, granting par - ticipants deeper insights into diversi - ty through spirited communication. Online & Offline Publicity We utilised online screensavers, pop- ups, e-posters, and videos to promote diversity and inclusivity. Our associ - ates can view the videos in public are - as throughout offices and plants, and we have updated all PC screensavers to reflect our message as well. Offline, we deployed promotional materials such as posters and stickers through - out our facilities. Yummy Diversity An on-site event to introduce icon - ic traditional dishes from various countries to allow our associates to experience the culinary world right here in the office. Over 800 associates in our Beijing associat - ed offices took part in this activity. As a premier automaker leading the in - dustry in innovation and digitalisation, BMW Brilliance firmly holds the belief that talent acquisition is the key to a corpora - tion s long-term development. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021ATTRACTING LOCAL TALENTS We continue to work closely with competent depart - ments of the provincial and municipal government to drive forward local talent acquisition and retention. With the consistent implementation of Shenyang Talent Favourable Policy New Package 3. 0 and other talent favourable policies, policy resources are more closely aligned with talent and corporation needs, and govern - ment-led talent assessment systems have become more robust and multifaceted. In 2021, we secured numerous favourable subsidies and resources for entitled talents who are either newly acquired or internally developed as high-end, critical, freshly graduated, and essential production talents. More inspiringly, our senior technicians with proven skills have been, for the first time, recognised by governmen - tal evaluation authority. With all these positive changes, we are able to better fit in and take on a more active role in realising local talent development strategy, creating more possibilities for the sustainable development of individual talent, BMW Brilliance, and local communities. As our efforts of local talent acquisition for the newly formed LingYue Nanjing Branch Company, we recruited over 200 new employees in 2021, laying a solid founda - tion for their continued growth. In the ongoing pandemic era that has been fraught with uncertainty, EVERYONE IS AN EMPLOYER BRANDING AMBASSADOR Here at BMW Brilliance, we firmly believe that the best advocates for our employer brand are the people that are currently employed with us. Its methodology is built on research around what it means to build a successful career, matched to exclusive LinkedIn data. More culture initiatives will be conducted to foster the core value into daily business operations. In terms of talent acquisition, we will continue to hold candidate centric events, lever - aging deep and diversified hiring channels to fulfil talent needs for 2022 and onwards, and support sustainable business growth in the long term. BMW Brilliance reached out to candidates across multi - ple channels and provided the full experience through a blend of online and offline engagement. BMW Brilliance in conjunction with the Shenyang government jointly hosted the job fair in April. As the premier member of the Shenyang Auto Industrial Chain Alliance, BMW Brilliance attended the event while working closely with several suppliers to offer numerous high-quality positions and stimulate growth in Shen - yang s production industry. Over 2, 649 potential can - didates attended the event. the first time BMW Brilliance has received this honour, a LinkedIn Top Company Award Roadshow was held to show our appreciation for our employees and celebrate together. Over 600 employees took part in the event, sharing the good news with their friends on the social media to promote the understanding of BMW Brilliance to more people. In addition, we leveraged innovative ways to promote the internal recommendation, such as sharing honours and art galleries, which has attracted over 1, 000 associates to share how they feel and work in BMW Brilliance and the positions. More - over, issues with sustainability aspects are emphasized in our employee communications in order to instil in them a greater awareness and under - standing of sustainability and how to put it into practical action. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK EMPLOYEE COMMUNICATIONDIVERSE COMMUNICATION CHANNELS BMW Brilliance always keeps an open ear to employees opinions and suggestions via a number of communica - tion channels. WeChat official account Here, we post employ - ee best practices stories, festival greetings, Union activity registration notices and briefings, attracting nearly 35, 000 followers. In 2021, we published 98 articles with an average click count of 3, 129. Management sessions Regular catch up ses - sions with BMW Brilliance management to improve associates working conditions and also to inspire and encourage people to support the development of the company. EMPLOYEE SURVEY One major highlight this year is the completion of a comprehensive survey for employees to better engage with them and raise the overall level of satisfaction. The survey had a high participation rate of 99, and result - ed in an impressive High-performance Organisation Index of 93 out of 100. This year, we also incorporated questions related to compliance and sustainability, the results of which reveal that 95 of employees believe BMW Brilliance performs excellently in both areas. As in the past, we worked closely in 2021 with the BMW Brilliance Trade Union, which served as an important bridge in our employee engagement. At these meetings, the attendees reviewed and approved the 2021 Supplementary Agreement Collective Contract, among many other proposals. of our employees believe that BMW Brilliance performs excellently in both compliance and sustainability. To this end, we have constructed compre - hensive platforms and channels to collect their opinions, share our most up-to-date news and facilitate direct and convenient communication with our people. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK 2022 FORECAST Based on the results of employee survey, we have identified a host of opportunities for further im - provement. Through department discussion and workshops, a number of focus areas have been defined. At the same time, we will initiate even more activities to foster and inculcate a sustainability mindset with the aim of forming a cross-function - al collaboration that engages a greater number of employees and other key stakeholders. SUSTAINABILITY MINDSETENGAGING EMPLOYEES FOR SUSTAINABILITY BEHAVIOUR AND ACTIONS In 2021, the BMW Trade Union Elite Team Challenge was themed with sustainable development, especially during the second Challenge, where 10 plogging activ - ities were organised with more than 300 participants. The employee participants not only learnt about sus - tainable knowledge, but also integrated environmental protection awareness with actions, contributing to the sustainable development through plogging. In addition, the concept of circularity was also high - lighted in a flea market activity we organised. Via the online JoyChat platform, four special groups were formed and given information about second-hand goods to publish and share that would encourage all employees to practise a greener recycling lifestyle. And at an offline event on March 8, 2021, 360 participants took part in buying and selling over 300 second-hand items, all of which sold out within two hours. We also integrated sustainable topics into different employee engagement activities. For example, on Chil - dren s Day, we arranged four garbage-sorting sessions for over 300 children of the employees. Moreover, we sponsored a five-day Sustainability Knowledge Quiz with all the questions related to carbon reduction, with 663 participants joining in. During our mountain climb - ing activity, we made it a point to incorporate care for the disabled, so nearly 500 participants were blindfold - ed in order to experience what it is like for the blind to walk in everyday life. Attendees also received marvel - lous gifts crafted by disabled individuals. In 2021, sustainability was deep - ly embedded in a host of employee engagement activities. Our aim was to effectively nurture a sustainability mindset and culture inside BMW Bril - liance while also raising employees awareness about sustainability issues and advocating behavioural change. During the one-week event, more than 60, 000 App users and company employees learned about biodiversity while over 3, 000 participants expressed an understanding and expectations about biodiversity. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202169EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS CARING FOR PEOPLE The well-being of our employees fully determines the past and the future success of BMW Brilliance. In 2021, we updated the OHS Management Li - ability Letter according to the Work Safety Law (2021 Amendment), with employees signed on. OHS TRAINING AND COMMUNICATION Along with a comprehensive OHS management sys - tem, we are also working on employee safety skills and awareness enhancement through OHS training. In addition to the Three-level Safety Training for new employees, we also provide safety training for employees on specific topics such as LOTO (Lock - out-Tagout), chemicals, work in confined spaces, PPE (Personal Protective Equipment), and Hot Work. OHS HAZARDS AND RISK MANAGEMENT To better manage OHS hazards and risks, BMW Bril - liance has designed and posted a safety risk distribution map based on hazard identification, risk assessment and risk control planning. Safety risk bulletin boards and safety risk notification cards are posted in the workshop throughout key areas of the premises respectively. We launched the project Today for Tomorrow NEXT with the pilot in the Plant Tiexi Assembly Shop in the fourth quarter of 2020, and successfully completed in June 2021. Since then, we have proceeded with logistics at Plant Dadong. Our project focuses on ergonomic con - ditions, behavioural patterns as well as job rotations. In this way, we can prevent employees from musculoskel - etal disorders. From results gleaned from our evalua -tion of the Safety and Ergonomics Risk Assessment (SERA) as well as on-site ergonomic behaviour obser - vations of 454 workplaces at Plant Tiexi and 192 work - places in logistics at Plant Dadong, our health depart - ment developed a series of exercises tailored for each workplace. In addition, several optimised working postures were also taught to operators to mitigate possible health hazards. employees attended the training sessions to learn about ergonomic behaviour and exercises designed to ensure their well-being. In 2021, BMW Brilliance maintained the ISO 45001 2018 accreditation standard from the International Organi - sation for Standardisation, fulfilling the requirements of OHS management systems. We have also maintained the Work Safety Standardisation Level 2 Certification from the Emergency Management Department of Liaon - ing Province. The effectiveness of this was proven by our 2021 accident frequency rate of just 0. 13 per one million hours worked. ing conditions in 15 job sites were improved and we initiated job rotations in 26 workplaces. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK HEALTH MANAGEMENT AGAINST THE PANDEMIC Faced with ongoing challenges posed by COVID-19, we established a Crisis Management Team in 2020 to enhance pandemic management and introduce prevention measures on a daily basis. The health management team shared daily updates to the management, as well as the best ways to manage risks while providing other holistic advice. We also updated our corporate guidelines - the HR Communication & Prevention Instructions (version 21. 0). In 2021, our efforts to encourage COVID-19 inoculations were very successful, resulting in an 89 COVID-19 vaccination rate at the Plant Dadong, 85 at the Plant Tiexi, 88 the Plant Powertrain, 89 in Beijing and 86 in other regions. Booster vaccina - tions started in November 2021. In 2021, BMW Brilliance s holistic and pioneering health man - agement efforts were widely recognised, resulting in our win - ning the AON Best Employee Health Employer, Comprehen - sive Health Award, edging out nearly 200 top enterprises. HEALTH INITIATIVES Based on the results of the annual health check in 2020, we optimised and enhanced our Health Man - agement 2025 programme, which serves as a template for guiding healthier behaviour. Only 4 of associates who did the test had poor sleep quality. Our next step will be an analysis of the sleep via Apnoea sleeping monitor on volunteers and refer them to a sleeping specialist and or mental care consultations as needed. Mental Care As BMW Brilliance highly values the health and well-being of employees, mental care is also of the ut - most importance. In 2021, 354 associates participated in consultations, 692 associates took part in different training programmes, 415 associates took self-eval - uation surveys on depression and anxiety as well as personality tests. associates listened to record - ings guiding meditation, relaxation, as well as career planning and brain charging activities. During the pandemic outbreak in Nanjing, all associ - ates and business travellers attended online training to support them during the lockdown and improve their psychological mindset. associates participated in on-site training, with an average score of 4. 8 out of 5 achieved on the satisfaction survey. Flu Vaccination In terms of the flu vaccination, 2, 124 employees re - ceived vaccinations in Shenyang and 76 employees were vaccinated in Beijing. COVID-19 Management 72 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK COMPETITIVE BENEFITS Employee well-being is the cornerstone of BMW Brilliance s long-term sustainable development. We recognise our employees dedicated service and con - tributions to the company and continue to care for their health and well-being even after retirement. For this purpose, in 2021, we offered additional specific preferential benefits to retirees. WELL-ROUNDED SUPPORT In 2021, Associate Charity Funds supported 1, 041 asso - ciates. This includes precise assistance to 281 associ - ates with financial difficulties, gifts and benefits for 400 new-born babies and 200 newly married associates. It encompasses a service centre providing Union service, reimbursement service and IT service, a mini cinema, a reading corner, as well as some activity facilities and a Platform Production. The Trade Union also organises cultural and sports events to promote a healthy lifestyle and encourage work-life balance, with over 15, 000 participations. As for the public rental housing project, 650 associates successfully applied with the support of Union in 2021. Furthermore, we are enacting and enhancing more functions of Digital Union, including joining the Union, welfare e-Signature, e-Library, group purchasing platform, new-born gift application and newly married gift application, to bring care and more convenience to our associates. The number of views for our online content has reached 114, 370 times. BENEFITS AND WELL-BEING 2022 FORECAST In 2022, we will further strengthen the OHS man - agement of our dual-prevention mechanisms, which covers classified risk prevention and control, as well as risk assessment and mitigation. At the same time, we will strengthen our OHS management oversight of suppliers to ensure a safe workforce. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202173EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS EMPOWERING PEOPLE Our employees and the partners we work with form the driving force that powers the sustainable growth of BMW Brilliance. For this reason, we have designed and nurtured a sus - tainable training and talent development ecosystem that helps everyone associated with BMW Brilliance embrace their full po - tential while contributing to our operational goals. EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES EMPOWERING DEALER PARTNERS Talents in dealers embarked their Enlightening Journey since programme was launched in 2020. 10, 700 Of training organised by Human Resources Department. days 26. 0 vs 2020 74 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES GOING DIGITAL We view our digitalisation strategy not only as an ef - ficient channel to maximise training participation, but also as a resilient solution to the pandemic. In order to empower BMW Brilliance employees with com - prehensive knowledge and abilities in digitalisation, we launched a total of 16 online training courses and two classroom training sessions in Digitalisation Mainte - nance and Planning Area. BMW Brilliance makes use of the lat - est advances in technology to better connect, engage and equip our cur - rent and prospective talents. Our aim is to lead them towards a sustainable future within the automotive indus - try. vs 2020In addition, BMW Brilliance began implementing a virtual reality (VR) training platform in 2021, allowing asso - ciates to receive three VR training courses that simu - late working conditions on the shop floor under a high voltage environment. This digital method creates a new ecosystem paradigm in training and has sparked great interest in the trainees who are now able to effectively learn important skills with greater safety. By the end of 2021, we successfully completed over 2, 700 man- days of training. In addition, we also designed a new process to better meet line builder training requirements while continuing to support line construction at Plant Lydia and Plant Dadong Extension Projects. LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT Leadership is the key when it comes to the imple - mentation of values and culture. BMW Brilliance places a strong emphasis on leadership training and development. In 2021, besides systematic leader - ship programmes, a series of leadership develop - ment programmes and activities were developed and launched, aiming to cultivate a learning culture for leaders to learn, exchange and practise together. We also recruited 18 new internal trainers and conducted six production technology theme training sessions. The total training hours reached an equivalent of 2, 200 training man-days and received a satisfaction rating of 98. 75 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK CONTRIBUTING TO LOCAL TRAINING With policy changes and a host of updates in mind, BMW Brilliance made contributions towards developing local talent. We partnered with universities and voca - tional schools to provide up-to-date training courses and models, and to ensure students in the programme meet educational targets. In addition, we provided cam - pus students with opportunities to learn and acquire hands-on experience, including the Campus Ambassa - dor Event, summer camps, and on-the-job internships. All of these helped propel students professional growth as well as enhanced job competition abilities. BMW BRILLIANCE SHENYANG TRAINING CENTRE By May 2021, the BMW Brilliance Shenyang Training Centre had completed all interior decoration upgrading work. Afterwards, the Centre began normal operations, welcoming guests in seven different occasions from various governmental departments, including the State Council, Ministry of Education, Ministry of Finance, Liaoning Provincial Department of Finance and Depart - ment of Education, as well as members of the media from Launch of the BMW Brilliance Technology & Manufacturing (BBT) Management Development Programme (MDP) Initiative The BBT Management Development Programme (MDP) is a BMW Brilliance programme in collaboration with the School of Economics and Management at the Dalian University of Technology. The primary aim of this venture is to equip young BBT technical leaders with the knowledge and mindset that will prepare them for challenges over the next five to ten years in the fields of future supply chain and smart manufacturing management. On July 9, 2021, the first cohort of BBT MDPs officially started classes. Cooperation with State Grid Liaoning Electric Power and Northeastern University Collaboration On November 16, 2021, BMW Brilliance launched a joint laboratory project in partnership with State Grid Liaoning Electric Power, Ltd. (SGLEP) and Northeastern University (NEU). This marks a new chapter in technology and knowledge transfer as part of a key initiative in line with the University Cooperation Programme. Under this mutually beneficial school-enterprise cooperative venture, BMW Brilliance seeks to expand university collaboration in the area of technology and knowledge transfer. As the new form of technology and knowledge transfer, this joint innovation lab is positioned to improve integrated innovation capabilities through data sharing, joint experiments, subject research, provincial and ministerial projects, and achievement announcements. To this end, we developed the Future Talent Programme (FTP), dedicated to training technical proficiency and develop - ing soft skills for young talents. In 2021, 11 patents were applied for under the name of BMW Brilliance. D. trainees are becoming the new rising force behind cutting-edge technology development at BMW Brilliance. Adapted from the dual education system in Germa - ny and modified to suit the Chinese context, our New Vocational Education Programme (NVEP) 2021 nurtured 71 apprentices to support production operations. The first group of 25 apprentices focusing on Electronics for Automation Technology started on-the-job training and received positive feedback from the shop floors. We also piloted a strength orienta - tion workshop to encourage and inspire apprentices to achieve personnel development based on their own unique strengths. Our programme for bachelor s degree students was updated to cope with new internal and ex - ternal circumstances, allowing us to recruit and develop more bachelor s degree students to serve as future sec - tion leaders in technology. Meanwhile, 35 master s de - gree students joined BMW Brilliance after 3-6 months on-the-job training during the programme period. This is a reflection of the high regard the government and society in general have for the BMW Brilliance Shenyang Training Centre. EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK 76 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK EMPOWERING DEALER PARTNERS Laura Wang Vice President BMW China Training AcademyDealers are important partners of BMW Brilliance where our sustainable concepts and policies are put into their daily practices. For BMW China Training Academy, our mission is to cultivate and empower high-quality dealer talent, to realise business strategic goals, to ensure sustainable development, and to enhance brand loyalty and elite employee retention. The BEST Programme provides students with BMW standard training and certification, while the New Staff Enlightening Journey Programme empowers new employees with competencies and shapes premium brand behaviour. The comprehensive training and certification system ef - fectively promotes professional competence of dealers. BMW Dealer Elite Development & Retention Programme motivates dealer partners, grants official professional qualification, provides promotion and development opportunities, thus enhances the retention of elite talents. In addition, the annual National Elite Competition promotes continuous learning, and en - hances the selection and motivation of elite talents. The 2021 Aftersales National Competi - tion focused on the needs of new energy business, strengthened application ability of core professional knowledge and skills to enhance the NEV aftersales customer experience. The selection of professional talents of aftersales functions in the competition provided dealers with opportunities to realise their personal value. TALENT DEVELOPMENT MECHANISM AT BMW DEALERSHIPS ADVANCING WITH TIME, ACCELERATING TRANSFORMATION AND DEVELOPMENT OF DEALER MANAGERS To cope with the complex and dynamic market environment, it is crucial to cultivate compre - hensive and innovative dealer managers to drive business transformation. For this reason, we cooperated with Peking University in the development of a new programme called the BMW Business School. It offers dealer partners two separate programmes, BMW Entre - preneur EMBA Programme and BMW Elite Managers MBA Programme. The courses are designed for investors, brand directors and elite managers, and are deliv - ered by top national think tanks, industry pioneers and veteran scholars. This pro - gramme effectively enhances dealer managers core operational management capabilities, strategic leadership and innovation capabilities to promote their long-term growth. BMW standard train - ing and certification Internship at dealersCombined with students on-campus learningBEST Programme Improve new employees competencies and help integrate into dealerships Shape premium brand behaviour3 - 6 MonthsNew Staff Enlightening Journey Programme Improve employees professionalism and grant certification12 - 15 Months Junior Staff Level 1 Certification Award brand qualification Improve retention of professional talents24 36 48 Months Senior Talent Level 2 Certification Offer career development & promotion opportunities Improve retention of elite talents36 48 Months Elite Talent Level 3 Certification Left Sean Green, Senior Vice President of Sales & Marketing, is wearing the school badge for the students at BMW Business School. Digitali - sation also contributes to carbon emissions reduction by avoiding physical training materials as well as dealers commute. With the talent empowerment by digital tools, we can provide learners an immersive experience while improving the quality and efficiency of training. To date, we have developed 20 VR courses, covering aftersales topics such as HVB disassemble and repair, body repair, warehouse management, and NEV safety production. AI technol - ogy was also applied in 2021 Aftersales National Competition, with four aftersales topics published, including spark plugs, brake pads, air-conditioner filter, and en - gine oil. Through Live Streaming, Thematic Space, Joy Sharing and other learning and interactive modules in the E-learning system of BMW Joylearning, we strive to cre - ate an open, efficient and agile co-creation and sharing platform for dealer partners, attracting them to achieve continuous learning and participate in interactive activi - ties and sharing. The number of training man-days under the E-learning format has reached 916, 351, an increase of 18. 3 compared to 2020. The number of average daily active users has reached 12, 399, growing 21. 9 from the previous year. Meanwhile, front-line staff accomplish their daily work with excellent skills and listen to the voices from customers with a sincere attitude. After 3 consecutive years of Premium Customer Experience Ambassador Selec - tion, we awarded a total of 90 dealer partners with the title of Premium Customer Experience Ambassador. Among them, 30 ambassadors across the country were awarded in 2021. They actively adhered to the premium customer experience phi - losophy and witnessed the culture transformation of the dealers, making contribu - tions to sustainable development. In terms of empowering employees, our goal is to inte - grate and combine a myriad of external online training resources with our internal offline training courses. Our ultimate aim is to develop a sustainable and highly effec - tive blended training course while enhancing our overall online training efficiency. We will also closely cooper - ate with the BMW Group Academy to localise a greater number of Digitalisation Maintenance and Planning Area courses in order to further enrich BMW Brilliance s resource training pool while enhancing our employees competency, which contributes significantly to greater business growth. For dealer partners, we will continue to create efficient and high-quality learning methods through digital in - novation, provide flexible empowerment solutions, and improve the learning experience for dealer partners. BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202178EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY In 2021, China made huge strides in combating social and eco - nomic issues. With the success of eradicating extreme poverty from all corners of the country, the wide-sweeping efforts to tackle climate change and protect biodiversity, the needs of the society as a whole are shifting, and so is our focus on social re - sponsibility. New BMW China CSR programme committed to biodiversity conservation. hours 107. 4 vs 2020 79 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK A truly responsible and sustainable business must have a higher purpose than simply achieving profit and offering employment it must work to improve the world. As our society is still impacted by the pandemic, we recognised that corporate social responsibility is more important than ever. BMW sees contributing to a better Chinese soci - ety as its mission and has engaged a wide range of stakeholders through its CSR programmes to resolve real social problems and make long-term contributions to building a better society. We are a premier company and leading the Chinese automo - tive industry by action, responsibility and partnership to set social agendas, and invent new paradigms to tackle challenges through CSR programmes, there - by maximising our positive impact on the society. BMW CSR PROGRAMMES AN ALL-NEW, ALL-ROUND CSR APPROACH At BMW Brilliance, we are constantly rethinking the way we interact with society. Upon a thorough analysis of the societal issues we currently face, we are integrating a wider array of elements that refine the way we approach different chal - lenges, and maximise our positive social footprint through these programmes. Dr. Franz Decker President and CEO BMW Brilliance civilisation goals that the Chinese government has set. In the new pillar, we are extending our care not only to the society, but also to the biodiversity and ecosystem of our homeland in China. We are continuously stimulating stakeholder en - gagement and deepening collaborations with society, which includes a range of organisations from NGOs, academia, and local communities to corporations, and across the value chain with our dealers, customers, and employees. In 2021, for the first time, BMW called for an extensive deal - er-level engagement in CSR activities with BMW, to inspire and encourage all BMW authorised deal - ers to pursue excellence not only in commercial operations, but also in becoming an outstanding corporate citizen that undertakes CSR actions for the development of the community. In 2021, a total of 357 dealers nationwide implemented 631 CSR activities in dealership. BMW CSR FOCUS AND FLAGSHIP PROGRAMMESBMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021 80 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK Following COP15 to the UN Convention on Biological Diversity and the Chinese government s focus on biodiversity, BMW Brilliance assumed a leading role in launching the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative. A programme which is committed to biodiversity con - servation and national parks construction in China, while also contributing to China s ecological civilisation construction. With this new pillar added to our CSR strategy, we are proud to be the first premium OEM to respond and contribute to the critical agenda of biodi - versity conservation. BMW BEAUTIFUL HOMELAND INITIATIVEIn 2021, BMW China, BMW Brilliance joined hands with China Green Foun - dation and China Education Development Foundation-BMW Warm Heart Fund to officially launch the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative. The first phase of which is to establish a biodiversity conservation public education base in the Liaoning Liaohekou National Nature Reserve. Photo provided by Liaoning Panjin city wetland protection authority) 81 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW CHILDREN S TRAFFIC SAFETY EDUCATIONThe Children s Traffic Safety Education (CTSE) is BMW s first CSR programme in China that lasts for 17 years. In 2021, this programme was given the theme Propriety, which has been integrated into current traffic safety education. TRAVEL WITH PROPRIETY TRAVEL SAFELY WITH CHILDREN This year s CTSE was a proactive response to the call of the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security to improve traffic safety awareness and edu - cation. BMW Brilliance has also explored innovative ways to visualise knowledge for more effective communication. The content was also reinvented into cartoon videos called AnAn tell you the traffic propriety. ENABLING MORE WITH TRAFFIC SAFETY EDUCATION TOOLBOXES By the end of 2021, BMW donated 1, 230 traffic safety education toolboxes and traffic safety propriety packag - es to the schools and organisations to provide resource support of traffic safety to schools for quality education, including yellow magic box 80 sets, green box 500 sets and propriety box 650 sets. CTSE VOLUNTEERING TRAINING In terms of CTSE routine volunteering training, we es - tablished 45 dealer training bases by 2021. Benefited from 74 CTSE experience training courses in 2021. 751 individuals people35, 144 2021 BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education TRAVEL WITH PROPRIETY. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW CHINA CULTURE JOURNEY 2021 marks the 15th anniversary of the BMW China Culture Journey, which has been dedicated to protecting China s intangible cultural heritages as part of our In China, for China commitment to the Chinese society. In retrospect to the 15 years of programme con - tribution, we have reorganised visits to 410 intan - gible cultural heritage across 24 provinces and municipalities, donated over 25 million RMB to 90 intangible cultural heritage items and research pro - jects, and funded and enabled over 500 intangible culture heritage inheritors. The programme has reached and engaged nearly 15 million people. YUNNAN A SPIRITUAL HOMELAND OF HARMONY AND DIVERSITY Guided by the theme of Exploring Yunnan s Histo - ry and Legacy, A Spiritual Homeland of Harmony and Diversity, the tour led scholars, media and other guests to explore nearly 20 tangible and intangible cultural heritage in Yunnan. The inheritors designed and developed marketable creative products. By collaborating with a travel website Mafengwo, we launched the BMW China Culture Journey Intangible Cultural Heritage Tour Guide of Yunnan to promote Yunnan s culture and tourism industry with further upgrading and innovation. Meanwhile, five representative intangible cultur - al heritage (ICH) items selected from the 2021 BMW China Culture Journey of Yunnan have been successfully admitted to the Tsinghua BMW Inno - vation Centre for further study. These ICH items consist of black copper run-through with silver pro - duction, Heqing silverware, Jianshui purple pottery, Bai tie-dyeing and Yi embroidery. A project team composed of Tsinghua University expert tutors and ICH inheritors is established, focusing on im - proving the artistic aesthetics and cultivation, and jointly exploring the innovative approach to inherit, safeguard, and develop ICH, and work together to create ICH merchandise. BMW China Culture Journey has been widely recognised by governments, the media, partners and the public the project has twice been featured as a case study in textbooks, such as Zhejiang Province s 13th FYP higher education Public Rela - tions textbook and Public Relations in Daily Life published by Zhejiang University. All the works on exhibition are designed and developed by inheritors from Hainan, Liaoning and Hubei at the Tsinghua BMW Innovation Centre through learn - ing-by-doing. The exhibition brought visitors on a Scented Intangible Cultural Heritage journey, and also used environment-friendly and recyclable display materials for the first time. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK BMW JOY HOME SELF-STRENGTHENING MOVEMENT With China s success in poverty alleviation, social issues such as rural left-behind children and urban migrant children have been markably resolved. The new focuses are shifting to rural revitalisation and beautiful countryside construction. Meanwhile, in response to the Opinions on Comprehensively Strengthening and Improving School Physical Education in the New Era released by the Ministry of Education, BMW JOY Home launched the future-oriented Self-Strengthening Movement. As the earliest BMW CSR programme to extensively engage BMW dealers and customers, the BMW JOY Home programme has seen 95 BMW JOY Home schools established in 29 provinces and autonomous regions across China. Activities hosted. Left-behind and migrant children benefited. BMW associates, dealers and customers participated in volunteer activities. BMW JOY Home in 10 years Left and Above 2021 BMW JOY Home organised training for physical education teachers in Sichuan and Yunnan pronvices. teachers, which will benefit more than 100, 000 students. Concurrently we are ex - ploring a sports model that is suitable for rural schools to promote the rural educa - tion revitalisation. In 2021, BMW JOY Home supported 16 BMW JOY Home schools in Yunnan and Si - chuan provinces and organised training for physical education teachers in these new - ly included schools. Through its social influence and an innovative enabling approach, the programme continuously engages stakeholders, and is caring for members of society. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING AND PHILANTHROPIC ACTIONS VOLUNTEER ACTIVITIES As an integral part of BMW s corporate social re - sponsibility, our corporate volunteer activities bring associates on a volunteering journey that helps improve children s traffic safety awareness, shows supports to left-behind and migrant children with special attention to their physical and mental health, and advocates environmental protection actions. SOCIAL DONATIONS In order to provide emergency assistance to those affected by natural disasters in Henan in 2021, BMW quickly activated the social emergen - cy disaster relief mechanism, and donated RMB 10 million of disaster relief funds through the China Education Development Foundation-BMW Warm Heart Fund. In addition, a charity donation platform was set up for BMW employees, deal - ers, car owners and the general public to support the post-disaster reconstruction of Henan rural schools. A total of more than RMB 1. 396 million was gathered from BMW stakeholders and the public, making full use of the BMW Warm Heart Fund platform to drive the extensive participation of stakeholders. In addition to indoor classes, volunteers also took the children on outings for sports games to inspire them with the joy and excitement brought by sports. This year, environmental protection became a highlight of the BMW corporate volunteer activities. BMW Cor - porate Volunteer Association organised three plogging activities, which attracted a total of 114 associate vol - unteers to pick up trash while jogging. Through volun - teering, we contributed to environmental protection and sustainable development of the city. In 2021, a total of 7 volunteer activities were organised, with a total of 300 participants, and 1, 914 hours of volunteer service. In September, the BMW Corporate Volunteer Management Platform, which managed BMW corporate volunteer activities and volunteers service At BMW Brilliance, we firmly hold the belief that giving back to society and contributing to sustaina - ble communities is not an option but an obligation. Our commitment to corporate social responsibility is manifested not only in our social donations for emergency relief, but also in the volunteering ac - tions of BMW associates. BMW China and BMW Brilliance BMW China Culture Journey BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative BMW China Culture Journey BMW China Culture Journey BMW China Culture JourneyBMW China and BMW Brilliance, Honourable mentionsBMW China and BMW Brilliance BMW Children s Traffic Safety EducationAnnual Public Welfare Award The 7th Jinxuan AwardsCSR Gold Award 2021 Golden Flag AwardCSR Gold Award 2021 Golden Flag Award China Automotive CSR Golden Key Award Auto-FirstChina Automotive CSR Golden Key Award Auto-First Silver Award in Social Innovation The 8th SuQin Awards Ceremony Charity of the Year Award 2021 Trends Home Annual Awards2021 Automobile Marketing Innovation Case 36Kr2021 Responsible Corporate China Newsweek, 17th Corporate Social Responsibility Forum data, officially came online. This will further opti - mise our volunteer management and match our resources to social needs. Sustainable Development of China s Automobile Industry Report 85 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT MAKING SHENYANG A CHARMING CITY Since 2020, we have developed and delivered the Enjoy Shenyang Newsletter to encourage more associates to get to know and love the city. Another development that helped further promote Sino-German cultural and educational exchange was the collaboration between BMW Brilliance and the HuZ-German School Shenyang, which has been officially recognised by the German Foreign Ministry as a German School Abroad. Through this coopera - tive effort, BMW Brilliance will continue to support Shenyang s reputation as a diversified international city. ENHANCING COMMUNICATION WITH LOCAL STAKEHOLDERS As a responsible corporate citizen, BMW Brilliance has always been committed to closely linking its brand and corporate culture to the local society, actively promoting the advancement of local culture and arts to create shared values. For example, we have maintained a cooperative relationship with the Lu Xun Academy of Fine Arts (LAFA) for 10 years. As a result, 13 talented students were selected and took art tutorials to experience BMW Brilliance s brand culture and will provide art designs and creations that integrate both art and local culture into BMW s brand, production processes and employees working environment. On December 1, 2021, the Sustainability BMW Shenyang Plants event was held at BMW Brilliance Plant Dadong. This event also marked the official start of the Dadong Plant Solar PV system - a renewable energy booster for BMW Brilliance. BMW Brilliance Art Season Event On November 20, the 2021 BMW Brilliance Art Season Kick-off Cere - mony took place at Shenyang Kerry Parkside, jointly organised by BMW Brilliance and the Shenyang Municipal Bureau of Culture, Tourism, Radio and Television. The BMW Brilliance art season introduced the new theme of circular with the aim of promoting the concept of sustainable development and a circular economy. This was also the first time that the BMW Brilliance Art Season has gone outside the production plant to ex - plore the aesthetic inspiration between industrial culture and art space. In 2022, traffic safety education and traffic safety propriety packages will enter local communities with a series of activities. The China Culture Journey programme will bring forth transformations to ex - plore more possibilities beyond traditional handicrafts, and more social deliver - ables that feature sustainable design are expected to be released. Concurrently, more stakeholders and resources will be integrated into the JOY Home platform. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OTHER INFORMATION PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202186OTHER INFORMATION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY 5 About this Report Further GRI Information GRI Content Index Limited Assurance Report Basis of Reporting5. 1 5. 2 5. 3 5. 4 5. 5OTHER INFORMATIONCHAPTER 5 FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 87 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY ABOUT THIS REPORT5. 1 The BMW Brilliance 2021 Sustainability Report provides stakeholders with comprehensive information about the company s sustainability ambitions and progress. The topics included here have been selected and weighted in accordance with the findings of a systematic mate - riality process. The content of the report was prepared in compliance with the GRI Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative, applying the Core option. Using the Global Reporting Initia - tive Content Index helps to show how we are implementing the communication requirements of the United Nations Global Compact. The next Sustainability Report will be published in mid-2023. BMW Brilliance reports sustainability progress on an annual basis. The sustainability performance data in the Report include the following production and oper - ation sites of BMW Brilliance our plants in Shenyang, our Finished Vehicle Dispatch Centres and Export Warehouse, Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Consolidation Centre, Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Brand Experience Centres, as well as our branch offices and five sales regional offices across China. The content and data of the Report relate primarily to BMW Brilliance. In addition, BMW Brilliance expanded the scope of Greenhouse Gas Emissions during the reporting period to more comprehensively reflect the emissions of the logistics transporta - tion. REPORTING PERIOD PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP has provided limited assurance on selected key data in this Report. THIRD-PARTY ASSURANCEREPORTING SCOPE FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 88 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FURTHER GRI INFORMATION In 2020, we conducted a refreshed materiality assessment to determine up-to-date sustainability priority issues that matter the most to our business and stakeholders, and shape our strategic directions for the crucial years to come. MATERIALITY MATRIX5. 2Relevance for Stakeholders Relevance for BMW BrillianceModerate relevance High relevanceHigh relevance 1 24 5 6 7 8 910 1311 12 1415 1617 1819 20 21 22 23 25 26 243Occupational health and safety Information security and privacy protection Compliance, anti-corruption and fair competition Waste and effluents Supply chain sustainability management Diversity, inclusion and equalityEconomic performance Business transparency Risks and opportunities on climate change Water consumption Sustainable infrastructure Mobility serviceProduct quality and safety Customer support and satisfaction Business ethics GHG emissions and air pollution Energy consumption & renewable energy Raw materials and parts lifecycle Employee development and well-beingElectrification and sustainable product portfolio Human rights Public policy Collaboration and partnership Automation and digitalisation Land use and biodiversity Corporate citizenship & community development2 4 6 8 10 1215 17 19 21 23 251 3 5 7 9 11 1314 16 18 20 22 24 26Product Responsibility Corporate Governance Environmental Protection Work Environment and Culture Society and Human Rights FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 89 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY IDENTIFIED MATERIAL TOPICS AND THEIR BOUNDARIES As a leader in the automotive industry, we carefully evaluate the impact of the material issues on our supply chain, pro - duction, sales and utilisation, recycling and disposal and on our employees and society. High impact Moderate impactIDENTIFIED MATERIAL TOPICS Supply chain ProductionSales and utilisation, recycling and disposalEmployee and society Product quality and safety Occupational health and safety Customer support and satisfaction Information security and privacy protection Business ethics Compliance, anti-corruption and fair competition Greenhouse gas emissions and air pollution Waste and effluents Energy consumption and renewable energy Supply chain sustainability management Raw materials and parts lifecycle Diversity, inclusion and equality Employee development and well-being Electrification and sustainable product portfolio FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 90 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT AND GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE As an integral part of an effective compliance management system, the robust organisation - al framework BMW Brilliance has ensured that a proper compliance accountability structure is put in place. The Board of Directors (BoD) of BMW Brilliance assumes the ultimate respon - sibility for administering the compliance management system at the shareholder level. The Audit and Compliance Committee (AC) under the BoD sets compliance objectives, allocates resources and monitors practices to ensure complete compliance with all regulatory and ethical requirements. A dedicated department of Corporate Governance and Compliance was established to manage overall compliance programmes. Its department head then reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the company. Moreover, the broader compliance steering depart - ments also collaborate to enable business departments to implement compliance pro - grammes in their daily operations, and to help mitigate compliance risks more effectively. As the Compliance Responsible of each department, the department heads have the duty to make sure they and their teams act in full compliance. Moreover, the role of Compliance Interface, which serves as a bridge between business operations and the central compliance function, was created and nominated by all departments. Customised education and com - munication channels are provided across the broader compliance network, and consultant services are always available to support their daily operations. COMPLIANCE TRAINING In 2021, 22 one-on-one sessions were arranged with the newly onboard Compliance Re - sponsible and Compliance Interface. Two workshops were held to reinforce compliance requirements while facilitating the discussion over a host of challenges and hot topics, and the best practices were shared among the participants. Around 120 Compliance Interface managers attended various events. Anti-trust compliance Corruption prevention Fraud prevention Social credit system Human rights Export control Anti-money laundering Homologation Non-homologation Product monitoring Corporate sustainability Environmental protection Occupational safety Corporate security (incl. information security) Food safety Quality management system Corporate IT governance Data governance (incl. Data privacy pro - tection)General Compliance Technical Compliance Joint Management System Internal Control System Risk Management IT Data GovernanceCOMPLIANCE GOVERNANCE Topics overseen by the Board of Management and Corporate Governance & Compliance Committee FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 91 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS BMW Brilliance attaches great importance to its leadership role in society, making social responsibility a major focus of our production. In 2021, all our production plants successfully passed the ISO 14001 2015 Environmental Management System certificate renewal audit. In order to better meet the stringent environmental protection requirements that our diverse stakeholders established, we have proactively updated and optimised many environmental procedures that are now already in effect. RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT To avoid foreseeable risks and integrate eco-friendly concepts as early as possible, we have an environmental management department that goes into action during the project design phase to analyse and assess all possible environmental impacts. During the construction phase, we monitor environmental risks and ensure compliance with the project team. For small-scale project modifications, the project team consults with the environmental manage - ment team to evaluate any possible environmental impacts and recommends eco-friendly thinking in the early production stages by completing a change management checklist. The environmental management team also works in tandem with the compliance team to stay up to date on all regulatory changes. A total of 46 items were identified as a result of en - vironmental laws and regulations updates, and the evaluation results were published on the company s Legislation Express. We are confident in mapping out strategies to fulfil the latest stakeholder requirements and expectations. BMW Brilliance takes great pride in placing environmental concerns at the core of its en - tire operations. VOC EMISSIONS REDUCTION In 2021, our Plant Tiexi and Plant Dadong Extension Projects completed the installation of state-of-the-art volatile organic compounds (VOC) treatment facilities, which will make a significant contribution towards VOC emissions reduction. By the end of 2021, we cut per-ve - hicle VOC emissions by 76 from 0. 50 to 0. 12 kg per vehicle. COMPREHENSIVE WASTE MANAGEMENT Today we have greater capabilities than ever before to reduce and sustainably manage the waste generated by our operations. This new system is much more reliable and will help significantly improve our on-site waste management efforts by enhancing the traceability requirement process. We have also optimised waste recycling methods at our production plants. For example, since January 2021, nearly 150 t year of wet iron sludge waste was sent for incineration, gen - erating 375, 000 kWh. Furthermore, around 20 t year of dry iron sludge waste was diverted from landfill and recycled to produce 20 t year of auxiliary raw materials. At Plant Dadong, our sludge dehydration programme was initiated in 2021, which significantly decreased the water content of sludge by 40, eventually lowering overall sludge generation by nearly one kg per vehicle produced. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT RESOURCE CONSUMPTION AND EFFICIENCY MEASURES FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 92 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Adhering to our 4R principle (Reduction, Reuse, Recycling, Regeneration), BMW Brilliance actively seeks cooperation with our suppliers to enact compliant waste disposal measures and explore other ways to reduce resource waste. To this end, all of our potential waste han - dling suppliers must undergo an extensive evaluation process in order to be qualified and se - lected. For existing suppliers, we audit their documentation and continuously perform on-site inspections to ensure valid and proper disposal of all waste. In 2021, as a result of changes in waste classifications and improvements in various treatment processes, the waste-per-vehi - cle we sent off for disposal decreased from 2. 99 to 2. 50 kg per vehicle produced. WATER AND WASTEWATER MANAGEMENT We use reclaimed water generated from a wastewater treatment station for irrigation and cooling purposes. The capacity expansion work at Phase III also continues apace. The Paint Shop at Plant Tiexi has introduced new oily wastewater reduction technology to separate the oil component from the wastewater. This has resulted in the concentration volume of oily waste - water decreasing by 71, allowing us to save nearly 10 t month in water usage. BMW Brilliance has also initiated a host of strict routine water-conserving measures, in - cluding the use of water-efficient fixtures and posting water-saving signage throughout the production and office areas. In 2021, we achieved 1. 82 m3 of water used per vehicle, an improvement compared to 1. 97 m3 in 2020. Moreover, we have introduced grass planting bricks, clay water retainer layers and other ecological measures to ensure better soil and water conservation. In addition, more than 30 plant species will be introduced into our production facility via layered landscaping. BMW Brilliance s senior leadership takes overall responsibility and accountability for prevent - ing work-related injuries and ensuring safe and healthy workplaces for all employees. Our leadership team has developed OHS policies and objects to align with our strategic goals and ensures the effective operation and continual improvement of the system. The CEO ap - points the Head of Security, Occupational Safety and Services Department, as the Occupa - tional Health and Safety Management Representative to organise and further the operation of the OHS management system and advance a culture of safety throughout the company. The Designated OHS Management Coordinator, a senior manager from the Safety Manage - ment Department, serves as the second-in-command of this operation, supporting the OHS Management Representative in sustaining this important safety work. OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY MANAGEMENTRESOURCE CONSUMPTION AND EFFICIENCY MEASURES (CONT D) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 93 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY KEY SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Change BUSINESS ACTIVITIES Revenues from operations (in RMB million) 113, 197 141, 918 172, 692 189, 006 214, 787 13. 6 Tax (in RMB billion) 25 31 35 38 43 13. 2 Vehicles produced (in unit) 396, 888 491, 888 536, 537 602, 936 700, 787 16. 2 Automobiles wholesaled (in unit) 386, 556 465, 192 544, 549 605, 050 652, 000 7. 8 Engines produced (number) 393, 110 491, 488 478, 588 598, 316 656, 956 9. 8 Authorised dealer outlets nationwide (number) 598 625 647 666 683 2. 6 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Average eet CO2 emissions (in g km) 146. 90 139. 00 137. 80 142. 09 152. 80 7. 5 Corporate average fuel consumption (in l 100 km) 16. 17 5. 84 5. 79 5. 97 6. 42 7. 5 New Energy Vehicles wholesaled (in unit) 1, 983 21, 438 32, 246 27, 664 47, 322 71. 1 New Energy Vehicles dealer outlets in China (number) 234 336 450 495 554 11. 9 BMW i dealer outlets in China (number) -- -- 91 196 517 163. 8 Public charging pillars provided in China (number) 65, 708 81, 585 130, 405 306, 891 365, 713 19. 2 Spare parts recycled (number) 56, 362 217, 500 124, 600 108, 070 278, 000 157. 2 Spare parts recycled (in t) 826 800 563 669 867 29. 6 High-voltage batteries recycled (in pieces) -- -- 3, 262 4, 347 6, 173 42. 0 High-voltage batteries recycled (in kg) -- -- 78, 875 98, 261 123, 111 25. 3 BMW Brilliance Business Activities Products and Services Note 1. This figure is publicised on the Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of Passenger Vehicle Enterprises in 2021 by MIIT on April 8th 2022. Emissions from the upstream chain and disposal processes are based on the carbon footprint of representative vehicles from the BMW Group s product lines, calculated by Thinkstep s LCA tool GaBi which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. Leveraged on improved data traceability, we managed to track and report CO2 emissions from international inbound logistics (US-China route) in 2021. 3. The fleet emissions are extrapolated from the average fleet emissions of automobiles produced by BMW Brilliance for sales in mainland China market of the year. The calculation was based on an average mileage of 150, 000 km. The increase in business trip and the employees commuting in 2021 was mainly due to the recovery of business operation and employees commuting from COVID-19 s impact, as compared to 2020. 5. In addition to BMW Brilliance s Shenyang production base, as of 2021, BMW Brilliance ensured 100 renewable electricity use at its non-production sites. Total non-hazardous waste consists of non-hazardous waste for recycling and non-hazardous waste for disposal. We improved the data calculation process in 2020, and there was an increase in total non-hazardous waste for recycling over the previous year. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly- owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly- owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. This figure is a newly added indicator to reflect the local directly hired employees in management positions. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly- owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. Due to the improved data basis, the 2021 reporting scope of employees has been expanded to BMW Brilliance and its wholly- owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd, including dispatched employees. FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 99 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI CONTENT INDEX5. 3 GRI 101 FOUNDATION GRI 102 GENERAL DISCLOSURESThis report has been prepared in accordance with the 2016 GRI Standards Core option, and the updated 2018 GRI Standards on Occupa - tional Health and Safety. GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 102-1 Name of the organisation 03 -- -- GRI 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 03-04, 06 -- -- GRI 102-3 Location of headquarters 03 -- -- GRI 102-4 Location of operations 03 -- -- GRI 102-5 Ownership and legal form 03 -- -- GRI 102-6 Markets served 03 -- -- GRI 102-7 Scale of the organisation 03 -- -- GRI 102-8 Information on employees and other workers 08, 63-65, 95-98 a Do not include the total number of employees on interns. b The small number of employees in other regional locations next to Shenyang and Beijing are integrated into the Beijing figures, as those locations legally belong to the Beijing offices. GRI 102-9 Supply chain 55-56 -- -- GRI 102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its supply chain56 -- -- GRI 102-11 Precautionary Priniciple or approach 15 -- 7 GRI 102-12 External initiatives 17-18, 33, 37-40, 56-58, 64-65, 72, 79-84-- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 100 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 102-13 Memberships of associations -- CAAM (China Association of Automobile Manufacturers) CAEFI (China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) IAC (The Investment Association of China) LNAEFI (Liaoning Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) SYAEFI (Shenyang Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) BAEFI (Beijing Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) ABNEA (Association of Beijing New Energy Automotive) AHK (German Chamber of Commerce in China) EFQM (European Foundation for Quality Management) Road Vehicle Committee of China Intelligent Transportation Systems Association (ITS China) CBCSD (China Business Council for Sustainable Development) Global Compact Network China-- GRI 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 01-02 -- -- GRI 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 15 -- -- GRI 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour20-21, 23-24, 58, 63-64, 67 The 12 Basic Principles are Customer Orientation, Peak Performance, Responsibility, Effectiveness, Adaptability, Dissent (Frankness), Respect and Trust and Fairness, Associates, Leading by example, Sustainability, Society, and Independence. Norms of Behaviour Associate Handbook including an Ethics and Code of Conduct section Legal Compliance Code- Corruption and Prevention Guideline Corporate Hospitality and Gift Instruction Anti-Fraud Policy and Fraud Response Guideline10 GRI 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics20-21, 23-24, 58 -- 10GRI 102 GENERAL DISCLOSURES (CONT D) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 101 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 102-18 Governance structure 15, 20, 91 According to the Articles of Association of BMW Brilliance, the highest authority of BMW Brilliance is the Board of Directors (BoD). The BoD has the power to make decisions on all major and important matters of BMW Brilliance as provided in the Articles of Association. A management organisation, the Board of Management (BoM), is established under the BoD, and is responsible for and in charge of the day-to-day operation and management of BMW Brilliance.-- GRI 102-40 List of stakeholder groups 17 -- -- GRI 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 67 100 of local employees are members of the BMW Brilliance Trade Union, and all Union members are covered by the Collective Contract on Labour Remuneration. This excludes expatriates, who are not eligible for the Trade Union. GRI 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 17-18, 88 -- -- GRI 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 17-18 -- -- GRI 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 17-18, 88 -- -- GRI 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements87 -- -- GRI 102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries 17-18, 87-88 -- -- GRI 102-47 List of material topics 17, 88 -- -- GRI 102-48 Restatements of information -- Where necessary and possible, restatements are explained in footnotes to the respective groups.-- GRI 102-49 Changes in reporting 87 -- -- GRI-102-50 Reporting period 87 -- -- GRI-102-51 Date of most recent report 87 -- --GRI 102 GENERAL DISCLOSURES (CONT D) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 102 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI-102-52 Reporting cycle 87 -- -- GRI-102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the reportEnd of report -- -- GRI-102-54 Claims for reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards87, 99 -- -- GRI-102-55 GRI Content Index 99-110 -- -- GRI-102-56 External assurance 111-113 -- --GRI 102 GENERAL DISCLOSURES (CONT D) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 103 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES FOR MATERIAL TOPICS Product Quality and Safety Occupational Health and SafetyWe report all relevant information on our material topics in accordance with our management approaches. For reasons of confidentiality, we do not disclose on the personnel and financial resources that are used for the management of these topics. GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)27 -- -- GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 416-1 Assessment of the heath and safety impacts of product and service categories27-28 -- -- GRI 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services-- BMW Brilliance did not have significant non-compliance with laws regulations in 2021 that resulted in a financially material impact.-- GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)70, 92 -- -- GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018 GRI 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system70, 92 -- -- GRI 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation70 BMW Brilliance did not have significant non-compliance with laws regulations in 2021 that resulted in a financially material impact.-- GRI 403-3 Occupational health services 70-71 -- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 104 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 403-4 Worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and safety70 -- -- GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety70 -- -- GRI 403-6 Promotion of worker health 70-71 -- -- GRI 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships70-71 -- -- GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system70-71 -- -- GRI 403-9 Work-related injuries 08. 97 -- -- GRI 403-10 Work-related ill health -- -- --Occupational Health and Safety (CONT D) Customer Support and SatisfactionGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)29 -- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 105 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Information Security and Privacy Protection Business EthicsGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)23-24 -- -- GRI 418 Customer Privacy 2016 GRI 418-1 Substained complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data-- BMW Brilliance did not encounter substantiated complaints in 2021 concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.-- GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)20-21, 23-24, 58 -- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance 2016 GRI 419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area-- BMW Brilliance did not have significant non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations in 2021 that resulted in a financially material impact.-- Compliance, Anti-corruption, and Fair CompetitionGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)20-21, 57-58, 90 -- 10 FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 106 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Air PollutionGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 205 Anti-corruption 2016 GRI 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures20-21 We define governance bodies as those committees which receive active regular reports by the compliance function. All committee members are informed about BMW Brilliance s anti-corruption policies and procedures. All committee members who are BMW Brilliance employees have also received training on anti-corruption. Committee members representing our shareholders are not covered by the training programme of BMW Brilliance, but are covered by the compliance programmes of BMW Group and Brilliance Group respectively. Our compliance training includes mandatory online training for all non-production employees, additional classroom training for new employees and managers, and special workshops and training for specific target groups (e. g. Sales, Purchasing, and Finance). Information unavailable The number of business partners that policies and procedures have been communicated to is not reported.-- GRI 206 Anti-competitive behaviour 2016 GRI 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly actions taken-- In 2021, there were no legal actions regarding anti-competitive behaviour or violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation.--Compliance, Anti-corruption, and Fair Competition (CONT D) GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)43-45 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 305 Emissions 2016 GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 07, 43, 94 -- -- GRI 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 07, 43, 94 -- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 107 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 07, 43, 94 -- -- GRI 305-4 GHG emission intensity 07, 94 -- -- GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 43-54 -- --Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Air Pollution (CONT D) Waste and Effluents GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)46, 91-92 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 306 Effluents and Waste 2016 GRI 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 08, 46, 94-95 -- -- GRI 306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 08, 94-95 -- -- Energy Consumption and Renewable EnergyGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)44-45 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 302 Energy 2016 GRI 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 07, 94 -- -- GRI 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation 07, 94 -- -- GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 07, 94 -- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 108 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Supply Chain Sustainability Management Raw Materials and Parts LifecycleGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)56-58 -- 1-10 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 GRI 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environemntal data-- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken56 -- -- GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016 GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria-- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken56, 58 -- -- GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)39 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 301 Materials 2016 GRI 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 39 -- -- GRI 301-2 Recycle input materials used 39 -- -- GRI 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials39 -- -- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 109 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Diversity, Inclusion and EqualityGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)63-64 -- 6 GRI 405 Diveristy and Equal Opportunity 2016 GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 08, 63-64, 95-98 -- -- GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men-- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 406 Non-discrimination 2016 GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken-- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. Employee Development and Well-beingGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)64-65, 74-75 -- 6 GRI 404 Training and Education 2016 GRI 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee08, 95-98 -- -- GRI 404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes64-65, 74-75 -- -- GRI 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews-- BMW Brilliance carries out a companywide portfolio process on an annual basis to assess associates' performance and career development. The percentage information is not currently available due to the complexity of the portfolio process and variations among different job functions.-- FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 110 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Electrification and Sustainable Product PortfolioGRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 103-1 Management approach (inclusive 103-1, 103-2, 103-3)31-40 -- 7, 8, 9 FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 111 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT5. 4 We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2021 key data as defined below in the 2021 Sustainability Report of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (the Company ). Vehicles produced (in unit) Automobiles wholesaled (in unit) Authorised dealer outlets nationwide (number) Average fleet CO2 emissions (in g km) Corporate average fuel consumption (in l 100km) Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) Share of renewable electricity (in ) CO2 emissions per vehicle produced (in t vehicle) Total energy consumption (in MWh) Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle) Volatile organic compounds (VOC) per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle) Total water consumption (in m3) Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) Process wastewater per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) Total waste (in t) Waste for disposal per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle) Total non-hazardous waste (in t) Total hazardous waste (in t) Local content suppliers in China (number) Purchasing volume in China (in RMB billion) Total workforce at year-end (number) Female employees in total workforce (in ) Employees in management positions (in ) Female employees in management positions (in )INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER S ASSURANCE REPORT To Board of Management of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. CRITERIA The criteria used by the Company to prepare the selected key data in the 2021 Sustainability Report is set out in the definitions of the key data in Chapter 5. 5 of the 2021 Sustainability Report (the basis of reporting ). THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT S RESPONSIBILITIES The Board of Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the 2021 Sustainability Report in accordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes de - signing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the selected key data in the 2021 Sustainability Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. OUR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehen - sive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. PRACTITIONER S RESPONSIBILITIES It is our responsibility to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the 2021 Sustainability Re - port based on our work. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Infor - mation. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the 2021 Sustainability Report whether due to fraud or error, and responding to the assessed risks. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engage - ment risk. Within the scope of our work, we have performed the following procedures in Beijing Office, Tiexi Plant, Dadong Plant and Powertrain Plant of the Company 1. Examination, on a test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 4. Other procedures deemed necessary. SH-0226 (PAGE 2 OF 3) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 113 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORK INHERENT LIMITATION The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. RESTRICTION ON USE Our report has been prepared for and only for the board of management of the Company and for no other purpose. The calculation is based on the GB 27999-2019 Fuel Consumption Evaluation Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People s Republic of China. The data is publicised on the website of the Ministry of Indus - try and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China on April 8th 2022. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Indirect CO2 emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity and purchased heating at the BMW Brilliance plants, excluding the purchased electricity and purchased heating consumption of construction and on- site suppliers. For calculation of the scope 2 CO2 emis - sions calculation, the market-based methodology is used in accordance with GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance issued by the World Resources Institute. Emission factors of the supply chain and the disposal are based on the carbon footprints of representative vehicles from the product lines, calculated by Thinkstep s LCA tool GaBi. Emis - sions factors of logistics are based on emission factors in DIN EN 16258. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet emissions of automobiles produced by BMW Brilliance and an aver - age mileage of 150, 000 km per vehicle. Renewable electricity includes the generation of solar power electricity, the purchase of wind power electricity, and the International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs). Total energy consumption of the year in BMW Brilliance plants, including purchased electricity, purchased heat - ing, and natural gas. Vehicles produced (in unit) Automobiles wholesaled (in unit) Authorised dealer outlets nationwide (number) Average fleet CO2 emissions (in g km)Corporate average fuel consumption (in l 100 km) Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t)Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) CO2 emissions per vehicle produced (in t vehicle)Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t)Share of renewable electricity (in ) Total energy consumption (in MWh) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 115 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Production-relevant energy consumption per vehi - cle produced in BMW Brilliance plants, excluding the energy consumption of R&D, VDC, construction, on-site third-party suppliers, and other non-production relevant energy consumption of the plants. Management po - sitions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. The ratio of female employees in management positions at year-end to total employees in management positions at year-end. The number of employees includes BMW Brilliance and its wholly-owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd at year-end. The figure does not include interns while it includes dispatched employees. Total water consumption (in m3)Total waste (in t)Local content suppleirs in China (number) Purchasing volume in China (in RMB billion) Total workforce at year-end (number) Total new employee hires (in ) Attrition rate (in )Total non-hazardous waste (in t) Total hazardous waste (in t) FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND SERVICESOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTION, OPERATION AND SUPPLIER NETWORKOTHER INFORMATION 116 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021BMW BRILLIANCE AUTOMOTIVE INTRODUCTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Average training satisfaction evaluated by employees who have attended training organised by the Human Resources Department. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked)Number of times people benefited from CSR activities organised by the BMW CSR team, BMW Brilliance Trade Union in mainland China and BMW Brilliance Shenyang Associate Social Responsibility Programme. Total number of times employees attended voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association in mainland China. Total hours that employee volunteers spend on volun - tary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Asso - ciation in mainland China, including direct service hours and indirect service hours. Direct service hours refer to activity hours, and indirect service hours refer to the hours that volunteers spend on transportation, on-site preparation and lunch hours during the activities. Training days of training organised by the Human Resources Department (in day) Average days of further training per employee (in day person) Report published by BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. 14 Shanzuizi Road, Dadong District, Shenyang, 110044, Liaoning Province, P. R. China Tel 86(0)24 8455 6000 Contact for questions regarding this report BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. Beijing Branch 25th Floor, Tower B, Gateway Plaza, 18 Xiaguangli, North Road East Third Ring, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100027, P. R. China Tel 86(0)10 8455 7000 Further information and publications are available at http www. Bank of China adhered to the original aspiration, pursued excellence and fulfilled the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions in the significant year 2021. We adhered to our distinctive advantages, laid out the pattern featuring One Mainstay, Two Engines, thus to contribute our shares to the new development pattern. In the face of a confusing and changing international landscape, we always upheld openness, inclusiveness and win-win cooperation, and built a strategic development pattern where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations. In addition to steady promotion of overseas institution layout, we constantly enriched cross-border products and services, fully participated in the implementation of dual listing of H-Share and piloting southbound trading under the Bond Connect programme. With these efforts, we supported high-quality going global and bringing in by acting as a financial bridge and bond to connect China and the world, and put into practice the concept of a human community with a shared future with concrete actions. Moreover, we leveraged the full-licensed operation advantage in stocks, loans, bonds, leasing and insurance, deepened the cooperation between commercial and investment banks, offshore and onshore institutions, and provided market entities with whole lifecycle financial services covering the entire industry chain, thus to boost the modernisation of industrial and supply chains. Centring on the new business forms and new trends of economic and social development, we improved the quality and efficiency of financial services starting with the eight priority areas of serving technology, green finance, inclusive finance, cross-border business, wealth management, consumption, supply chain and county development, to cultivate new drivers and new modes and serve new business forms. The balance of financing for core enterprises of the supply chain amounted to RMB4, 732. 1 billion, that for upstream and downstream enterprises of the industrial chain stood at RMB921 billion and new inclusive finance lending to micro and small enterprises notched a record high. In promoting a comprehensive and sustainable development, we also designed green planning and action programmes, launched various innovative products in green funds, wealth management, leasing, insurance etc., and greatly supported the carbon control and emissions reduction, clean energy promotion as well as transformation and upgrading of traditional industries. We promoted corporate culture in a thorough manner, centring on customers outside the Bank and on employees within the Bank. We advocated values of providing excellent service, innovating with prudence, upholding openness and inclusiveness, and collaborating for mutual growth, and acted on the mission of providing finance services for the people s good to help them prosper and bring them benefits and conveniences. Relying on the BOC Charity Foundation and Bank of China Philanthropy, we explored the mutual promotion between finance and public welfare. In the past year, we supported 188 public warfare programmes initiated by 73 institutions, raising charity funds of RMB17. 3631 million (matching gifts inclusive) in total. We embraced the wave of technology and moved forward with digital transformation to deliver excellent service to the society. Focusing on cross- border, education, sports and silver-haired scenarios, we continued to strengthen basic capacity building and be more community-focused. We continuously improved the corporate governance system, promoted the integration of ESG concepts into corporate governance with focuses on ESG issues such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and targeted poverty alleviation, and clarified the responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Board of Supervisors. Besides, we strengthened the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improved the real-time anti-fraud capability in online finance. As a result, the number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system reached 879, 000 in 2021, well safeguarding the security of clients funds and property. Over the 110 years, Bank of China has always adhered to and passed on serving society, and contributing to national prosperity through generations in an unyielding struggle, be it from the time when fulfilling the duties as a central bank to consolidate the results of the Revolution of 1911 to the time when raising foreign exchange funds to support the anti-Japanese war, or from supporting major equipment imports and developing foreign trade in the period of reform and opening up to serving the real economy and supporting poverty alleviation in the new era. From this new starting point, Bank of China will continue to draw on wisdom from the century-long history, and promote the fine tradition in pursuing excellence as a century-old enterprise. Message from Chairman Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 02 03Chairman of Bank of China Message from President President of Bank of ChinaIn 2021, the pandemic proved a protracted one, along with frequent occurrence of meteorological disasters and intensifying regional conflicts and contradictions. In the past year, newly granted domestic RMB loans of Bank of China hit a new record, providing strong credit support for the smooth operation of the real economy and focusing on key areas and weak links of the national economy. The balance of inclusive loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two no-less-than and two control posted RMB881. 5 billion, an increase of 53 in the year. The number of customers with outstanding loans stood at 620, 000, up 32. In addition, the Bank served the national coordinated regional development with loans to five key areas increased by 11. 52, and supported investment and construction of major projects and demands of improving people s welling to promote higher levels of complementarity and coordinated development. With 89 cross-border matchmaking conferences held cumulatively, the Bank boosted communication, connection and win-win cooperation among Chinese and overseas market entities with financial strengths. The Bank formulated a green finance plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan period on a group level. The sustainable development bonds issued overseas reached to USD12. 8 billion, and balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated exceeded RMB1. 4 trillion, an increase of over 57. Moreover, the Bank integrated environmental and social risks into the comprehensive risk management system, conducted sensitivity stress tests on climate risks for key industries, and added binding requirements of environmental and social risk management into the credit policies of 71 industries. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, financial support for new coal mining and coal-fired power projects overseas were ended. The proportion of credit to brown industries has narrowed down to below 10, thus to promote the industry structure to be more eco-friendly. The Bank was fully committed to promoting the integration of ESG concepts into the bank-wide governance and business systems, and set up specialised committees in ESG fields such as green finance and consumer rights protection to enhance professional research and management. Meanwhile, the Bank initiated the development of an innovative pilot project on the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers, incorporated ESG requirements into the whole process of corporate credit granting, and fully considered the ESG factors in screening assets. The Bank has completed calculation of its own operating energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, devoted to saving energy and reducing relevant emissions. For 110 years, Bank of China has always shared weal and woe with the country and the people, served economic development and enhanced social well-being, fulfilling the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good with actions. As a century tradition carried forward from generation to generation, on the new journey of building a first-class global banking group, we will closely follow China s growth as a whole, seize the opportunities of changing times, and carry on the fine traditions of the past century. Message from President Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 04 05 EnvironmentalIFF Global Green Finance Award - Annual Award WinnerInternational Finance Forum (IFF) Best Issuer - Financial Institution FinanceAsia Best Green Bond Bank AsiaMoney Best Sustainability Bond 2021 The Asset Best Sustainable Finance Issuer Award of Best Bank for Sustainable Finance of Star of China Global Finance Outstanding Leadership in Blue Bonds (Sustainable Finance Awards 2021) SocialNational Advanced Collective on Poverty Alleviation State Council of the People s Republic of China 2021 China s Most Popular Employers for College GraduatesForbes Most Attractive Employer in the Opinion of Chinese University StudentsChinaHR. cn 2021 Excellent Case of Financial Services for Micro, Small and Medium-sized EnterprisesChina Banking Association, China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises GovernanceRanked 4th in Top 1, 000 World Banks The Banker Ranked 4th in Top 500 Global Banking Brands Ranked 39th in Global 500 (2021) Fortune Best Board of Directors for Investor Relations Securities Times Branches and Comprehensive Operation Companies2021 Global Best Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance Project (Bank of China New York Branch)Project Finance International Strongest Bank in Asia Pacific and Hong Kong (BOCHK)The Asian Banker Rated AAA for ESG in 2021 (BOCHK) MSCI ESG Outstanding Enterprise for Public Welfare (BOC-SAMSUNG LIFE)Xinhuanet 2021 Rural Revitalisation Demonstration Institution with Outstanding Competitiveness (BOC Fullerton Community Bank)China Business JournalIntroduction Bank of China is the bank with the longest continuous operation among Chinese banks. Restructured into a wholly state-owned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy to be designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 11 consecutive years. In 2022, Bank of China, in celebration of its 110th anniversary of establishment, is striving to form a strategic landscape with domestic commercial banks as the mainstay, globalised operations and diversified business platforms as the two growth engines, accelerate the building of a first-class global banking group and working hard to write a new chapter in its history of more than hundred years. As China s most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local note-issuing banks in their respective markets. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of duty and commitment. Over its 110 years history, the Bank constantly cared about the nation, dedicated to contribute to the country, and continued to strive for prosperity of the country and rejuvenation of the nation. Being deeply rooted in people and committed to providing excellent services, it has fulfilled its responsibilities of delivering financial services for the people, bringing benefits and convenience to the people, and improving the living standards of the people. It has always followed the law, innovated with prudence, and upheld the spirit of integrity and innovation to strengthen the Bank. As a large state- owned commercial bank on a new journey towards fully building a modern socialist country, the Bank, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, will carry forward the Bank s century-old tradition of pursuing excellence, take full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development philosophy, contribute to the new development pattern; consciously uphold the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good; practice the values of provide excellent service, innovate with prudence, uphold openness and inclusiveness, collaborate for mutual growth, take the strategic approach of invigorate, adapt to change and drive for major breakthroughs, and thus strive to build a first-class global banking group, promote higher-standard opening-up and high-quality economic and social development, and make an even greater contribution to realising the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. Introduction Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 07 Objectives Commitment Progress in 2021 UN SDGs During 2021-2025, loans granted to micro and small enterprises under the target of two no-less-than and two control will remain at an excellent level. The growth rate of loans reaches 53. 15 During 2021-2025, the average annual growth of inclusive finance customers will be not less than 25. The growth rate of inclusive finance loans and customers will continue to meet the regulatory requirements. The growth rate of customers reaches 29. 51 By 2025, the balance of loans granted to micro and small enterprises will exceed the RMB2 trillion mark and the number of micro and small enterprise borrowers will reach 1. 5 million, making the Bank the mainstay of inclusive financial services. The balance of loans reaches RMB881, 502. 25 million The number of micro and small enterprise borrowers reaches 644, 000Strategy and Management With in-depth insights into customer demands, agile response to market changes and efficient coordination, the Head Office serves branches, the back line serves the front line and the Bank serves its customers as we believe that sincere attitude and excellent services will help us win more customers. Our Values We always seek for openness, cooperation and inclusiveness, learn widely from the strengths of others and take the initiative to integrate into society and people s livelihood, the new development paradigm and community with a shared future for mankind. In this way, we aim to unify the values of the Bank and its customers and employees and achieve joint growth and flourishment. Uphold Openness and Inclusiveness Collaborate for Mutual Growth Our Objectives Inheriting the fine tradition of serving the people, we will leverage our characteristic advantages in globalised services, and respond to the calling of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. Through financial services, we will help build a new development paradigm featuring a dual circulation, and boost financing connectivity, smooth trade and mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world. We also successively formulated the plan for green finance and the action plan for serving the dual carbon goals, as well as the plan for inclusive finance, the work plan for development of county-level financial services and the action plan for boosting rural revitalisation, etc. Strategy and Management Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 08 09 Stakeholders Expectation Communication Channel Support the real economy Deepen transformation and reform Facilitate the Belt and Road Initiative Participate in poverty alleviation Promote inclusive finance Strengthen risk control Routine communication and reporting Project approval and supervision Major project cooperation Provide new products and services Protect consumer rights and interests Improve customer experience Serve enterprises in cross-border business Facilitate innovation and entrepreneurship Daily communication on services Customer satisfactory survey Customer complaint handling 95566 call centre Web portal, WeChat official account and microblog, etc. Materiality AnalysisStakeholder Engagement Core General Impact on BOC Core Impact on StakeholdersState Customers Shareholders Environment Communities EmployeesWe keep a close eye on the development goal of achieving peak carbon emissions and carbon neutrality, adapt to the trend of sustainable development and economic transformation, and serve the development needs of the real economy. The balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated reaches RMB1. 4 trillion, up more than RMB500 billion During 2021-2025, the average annual growth rate of domestic individual green consumer credits will be no lower than 30 and strive to reach 60. An increase of over 60 compared with the previous year During 2021-2025, the control over the loan balance of the brown industries Note 2 will be strengthened. The proportion of corporate credits to the brown industries continued to decline in the past five years and was less than 10 as at the end of 2021intensify the penetration of green philosophy, raise the green development awareness of all staff, and create a green development atmosphere in the whole bank. Support coordinated regional development 5. Build scenario-based ecosystem 12 13 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 12 13 01 The XXIV Olympic Winter Games and XIII Paralympic Winter Games, took place in February, and March 2022, respectively. BOC is an official partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022, the second time to serve the Olympics after the 2008 Summer Olympics. With great passion, we provided financial services to support the preparations for the Winter Olympics, to share the joy brought by the Winter Olympics with people around the world, and contribute to the Nationwide Winter Sports Promotion Programme. Official Banking Partner of Both Winter and Summer Olympic Games Meeting Y ou at the Winter OlympicsFollowing the guideline of Green Olympics and contributing to the construction of green venues for the Winter Olympics The National Speed Skating Oval, also known as the Ice Ribbon, is a landmark building of the Olympic Winter Games Beijing 2022, and also the only new venue built in the city centre of Beijing for the Games. We, in response to the guideline of delivering a Green Winter Olympics, actively supported the green construction and operation needs of venues for the Winter Olympics, and has granted a long-term fixed asset loan of more than RMB234 million to Beijing National Speed Skating Oval Operations Co., Ltd. As at the end of 2021, all venues for the Winter Olympic Games Beijing 2022 entered the final preparations stage, and the National Speed Skating meets the requirements for green building standards Level 3. National Convention Centre Phase II to be open to media organisations from the world as the Main Press Centre Utilities Providing loans of RMB7. 9 billion to support the construction of Beijing section of Yanqing-Chongli Expressway, Beijing-Zhangjiakou Intercity Railway and Chongli branch railway. Yanqing-Chongli Expressway main transportation artery connecting Yanqing and Zhangjiakou competition zones Chongli railway is the only railway connecting the core competition venue of the Winter Olympics and the city centre of Chongli Transportation support projects Since the Master Construction Plan for Venues and Support Infrastructure for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022 was published in 2018, we have increased loans for the construction of major venues, infrastructure and support facilities for the Winter Olympics, which provided firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. As at the end of 2021, we saw a total approved credits of RMB48. 6 billion and accumulated loans of RMB21. 2 billion. The machines are set in eight languages, and can directly exchange 18 kinds of foreign cash of 169 kinds of face values to e-CNY. Athletes and coaches from overseas, with no need to open a Chinese bank account, can select the function of purchasing e-CNY hardware wallet on the machine, and then put their cash into the machine, after which the machine will automatically calculate the exchange rate and issue a e-CNY hardware wallet of corresponding amount. Customers can easily open such wallets to pay for their accommodation, food and beverage instantly. Easy e-CNY exchange to improve the Winter Olympics experience We launched a series of ski pass, enabling customers to access several top ski resorts in Chongli, Beijing, Jilin and other major skiing areas. This allows skiers to have more skiing options and brings them better and diversified skiing experience. Launching ski pass products in an innovative way We launched a one-stop winter sports zone to support smart Winter Olympics with FinTech, which covered over 100 ice and snow rinks in China and abroad. We also launched a series of Winter Olympics-related products including ski pass and precious metal products to create a brand featuring ice and snow outdoor services. Winter sports zone of mobile banking We continued to organise the Bank of China China Ice and Snow Sports Caravan off-line programme, touring to 100 places, and successfully organised a series of ice and snow contests including the sub-contests and national final of Bank of China VISA Credit Card Cup Super Fixed- Point Skiing Open and National College Curling League etc. Organising colourful off-line programmes themed on ice and snow sports We organised Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Tongchuan of Shaanxi, Liupanshui of Guizhou and Dujiangyan of Sichuan, enabling about 2, 000 students nationwide to experience ice and snow sports, have a deep understanding of the Winter Olympics culture, have fun in winter sports, and arouse their enthusiasm for winter sports. We jointly launched the programme Vigorous Winter Olympics with Bank of China Youngsters from the Capital for a Shared Future Together with the Beijing Committee of the Communist Youth League of China, supporting more young people to participate in ice and snow sports. Popularising ice and snow sports among youngsters On January 10, 2021, Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp 2021 kicked off at Zhaojin Ski Resort in Tongchuan, Shaanxi Province. They exchanged the ski suits as instructed by the ski resort staff and teachers, and started to warm up in groups as guided by the skiing coaches, which included practice on flat ground and slide in the same place, and then began to glide to walk and progressively to stride. The whole resort was full of joy as they laughed, sang and hailed. The participants also met two world champions of winter sports, listening to their stories, practicing skiing, and sharing the joy of ice and snow sports at the ski resort together with them. Organising events in Shaanxi to help young people from Xunyi experience winter sports BOC Hebei Branch carried out a series of publicity programmes on the theme of Bringing Ice and Snow Sports in Schools, providing guidance for students to experience winter sports and arousing their enthusiasm in this regard. In Hebei BOC Liaoning Branch became the title sponsor of the 3rd Shenyang Ice and Snow Marathon, and advocated the initiative Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports among local people. In Liaoning BOC Sichuan Branch organised the leg of the Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Sichuan, attracting nearly 50 groups of young campers and their parents from Chengdu and neighbouring regions to participate. In Sichuan BOC Heilongjiang Branch, jointly with Heilongjiang Provincial Bureau of Sports and Harbin Municipal Bureau of Education, organised the launching ceremony to engage millions of youths in winter sports, with over 120 students from primary and middle schools participated. Promoting the Development of Ice and Snow Sports At the temporary outlets for the Winter Olympics, we provided services for overseas people who will stay in China during the Winter Olympics, including cash deposit and withdrawal, foreign currency exchange, cross-border remittance, e-CNY and so on. Meanwhile, we opened a foreign currency green channel, according to which overseas individuals, by presenting their Accreditation Card for the Winter Olympics, can exchange foreign currencies rapidly and expediently at our outlets in the three zones, and can enjoy small-sum foreign currency exchange services through self-service exchange machines or hotel-based foreign currency exchange points on a 24-hour basis. Comprehensive financial services Under the guidance of the PBOC, we acted as the sole provider of e-CNY services piloted in the area of the Winter Olympics, providing whole-process services of exchanging, top-up, use and redemption of software and hardware wallets in BOC outlets, contracted hotels and other sites within the area. Meanwhile, POS terminals accepting e-CNY were applied in merchants, contracted hotels, designated hospitals at various venues of the Winter Olympics. Clients can make payments through the Scan or Touch functions. E-CNY services We fulfilled the commitments made as a partner of the Winter Olympics, provided services for the Games in Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish and Arabic languages, and further upgraded functions of telephone banking, audio guide and customer service platform to provide specialised, efficient and high- quality services to improve the event participants financial service experience. Online customer services during Winter OlympicsWe have integrated the bank-wide manpower and pooled advantageous resources to fully support the Winter Olympics in all aspects. During the Games period, we will open five temporary outlets and set up four self- service areas in the Beijing Olympic Villages Beijing Paralympic Villages, Main Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Press Centre, Zhangjiakou Mountain Broadcast Centre etc. Also, the Head Office and branches set up Games-time command centres in the three zones to provide 24 7 off-venue services and ensure secure and stable financial service during the Games time. Spanning over two centuries, BOC has gone through a lot and is a historical epitome and witness of China s financial industry that struggled to grow amid domestic turmoil and foreign aggression, revived after the founding of new China, thrived after the reform and opening-up, and forged ahead in the new era. Y ears of Dedication to BOC s Original Aspiration of Serving the Country 02Feature For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC took being the national economic hub as its own responsibility and consciously shouldered the historical mission of revitalising the national financial industry. In the late Qing Dynasty and the early period of the Republic of China, China was under threat and the Chinese people were subjected to untold misery. Foreign capital monopolised China s international exchange and foreign trade, grabbing huge political and economic interests. By approval of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, Bank of China was founded in Shanghai on February 5, 1912 to perform a central bank s functions acting as a financial hub, in a bid to consolidate During the period of socialist revolution and reconstruction, BOC was committed to the great cause of consolidating the new political power and socialist reconstruction under the care and support the central government. As the designated and specialised foreign exchange For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC acted as a specialised foreign exchange bank of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of supporting China s economic growth and foreign trade. During the period of reform and opening up as well as socialist modernisation, BOC fully leveraged distinctive advantages in operating foreign exchange all along, supported the construction of national basic industries and major projects, and became the main channel for the country to raise funds and attract investment. BOC also took the lead in completing the joint-stock reform, A-Share and H-Share initial public offerings and a dual listing, realising a historic leap in business development. Meanwhile, BOC actively supported China back to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, greatly participated in the international financial governance system on behalf of China, and gave full support to the strategies of going global and internationalisation of renminbi. BOC was the first state-owned financial institution to get enrolled in the lists of Global 500 and Global Systemically Important Banks, and later maintained on the lists consecutively. For the prosperity of the country, social progress and the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, BOC gave full play to its role as a major financial power of the country, and consciously shouldered the historical mission of contributing to the reform and opening up and deepening financial reform. During the time of frequent wars, a shattered economy and instability, BOC took the lead in reforming the management mechanism and businesses by drawing on advanced experiences with a visionary aim of building into a modern and international bank. BOC endeavoured to expand its global network, supported national industry and commerce, led the building of industry credit, clearing and settlement system. A Glance of the Extraordinary 110 Y ears On February 5, 1912, the Bank of China was established at No. 3 Hankou Road, Shanghai (now No. 50). China launched its First Five-Year Plan for economic development from 1953 to 1957. During this period, BOC provided great support for China s economic growth from iron & steel production to railway transportation. bank, BOC became responsible for managing China s foreign exchange operations, carried out international trade settlement, overseas Chinese remittances and other non-trade foreign exchange businesses, and raised foreign exchange to support the development of ocean transportation and foreign trade. In spite of all obstacles, BOC gave full support to key industries of national economy such as textiles, metallurgy, mechanism, chemistry and light industries, and broke through the economic blockade and isolation of China by western countries, becoming an important window and bridge for China to communicate with the world at that time. Afterwards the Great Wall card found its way to every corner of the country. In 1989, Bank of China became the first Chinese enterprise to be listed among Global 500 and has maintained the status for 33 years in a row as of the end of 2021. 18 19 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 19 18The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge opened to traffic on October 23, 2018. As the sole lead bank and agent bank of the main bridge project syndicate, BOC has continued to support the construction of the project and the opening of the bridge, contributing to the integration of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao. BOC has actively implemented the national strategy for regional development and vigorously supported the development of key strategic areas. In 2014, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development strategy was formally put forward. BOC has actively promoted connectivity and industrial integration in the Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei region. This is a period when BOC embraces the fastest development with the best quality. In 2020, thanks to BOC s targeted poverty alleviation efforts, 1, 034 impoverished villages in four counties of Xianyang, Shaanxi Province had been lifted out of poverty. In November 2018, BOC became the only comprehensive service provider in the banking industry of the first China International Import Expo (CIIE). As at the end of 2021, it had provided comprehensive financial services for the CIIE for four consecutive years. In 2020, domestic and overseas institutions of Bank of China endeavored to collect anti-pandemic supplies to fight against COVID-19 worldwide. New height of business performance and strength Rooted in China s steady, healthy and fast development of economy and society, BOC secured extraordinary achievements with high-quality and development and leapfrogging catch-up. The Group s total assets and liabilities doubled in years efforts, equivalent to building another BOC. BOC improved its ranking from the ninth place in 2012 to the fourth place among Top 1, 000 World Banks by The Banker, stepping into the ranks of global advanced large banks. The three major international rating agencies consecutively rated the Bank with the highest level among domestic comparable peers. New achievements in serving the national strategies Keeping in mind the strategic overall situation of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and the profound changes unseen in a century, BOC performed responsibilities as a large bank, and constantly improved the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy. Moreover, BOC developed technology finance to help solve problems that hinder the country s development, granted more inclusive loans and propelled the economy toward green and low- carbon development. BOC also helped the four North- Xianyang counties and nearly 1, 000 impoverished villages across the country fight against poverty, expanded county- level finance and served the rural revitalisation. New breakthroughs in deepening reform across the board Contentiously implementing the two consistencies, BOC improved corporate governance mechanism, and modernised the governance system and capacity of state-owned financial institutions. By stimulating vitality, making agile response and achieving breakthroughs in key areas, BOC designed on the whole and turned its blueprint for development into reality. With deep and systemic reform implemented orderly, BOC held the national polices and guidance as benchmarks, formulated and carried out the 14th Five-Year Plan for Development, and achieved historical changes and strategic transformation in more and more key fields with wisdom across the board. New advantages in globalised and integrated operation BOC actively participated in the new situation of a higher- level opening up, and improved its capabilities to provide comprehensive services in all fronts. With institutions spanning across 62 countries and regions and the most comprehensive platform for diversified integrated operation, BOC actively assisted domestic enterprises in higher-level international competition, and endeavoured to realise accessing the Bank s global resources and services at any point of contact. In addition, BOC continued to innovate financial services for the Belt and Road Initiative, maintained the largest amount of cross-border RMB settlement and clearing, and stayed ahead of domestic peers in terms of international settlement, currencies and amount of foreign exchange and foreign exchange trading. New results in forestalling and defusing financial risks Adhering to thinking about worst-case scenarios and upholding a systematic concept, BOC coped with changes unseen in a century and a series of major events calmly. Through constant improvement of comprehensive risk management, BOC consolidated the foundations for the whole Bank s sustainable development. As at the end of 2021, the non- performing loans to total loans of the Group was 1. 33, which kept a lower NPL ratio compared with peers. The past 110 years of Bank of China are 110 years of adhering to the original aspiration and serving the country through finance, 110 years of striving forward against all odds, and 110 years of making innovations on the basis of tradition for a better future. On the new journey, BOC will further advance our cause, build on achievements by seize opportunities, and shoulder important tasks with courage to create another century of glory. Achievements of 110 Y ears Development 20 21 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 20 21Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Finance is the blood vessel of economy. In 2021, BOC performed responsibilities as a large state-owned bank. We offered quality, efficient financial services for investment in and development of local major projects, improvement in people s livelihood, etc. Through innovative products and services, we stepped up support for infrastructure construction, rail transport, key livelihood projects, industrial technological innovation, eco- environmental protection and winter sports in the region, fueling higher- quality coordinated development of the region in the new stage. As at the end of 2021, the balance of loans to the projects of the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region was RMB308. 9 billion, of which RMB113. 5 was issued in 2021 in total. As at the end of 2021, Beijing Branch supported 17 metro lines construction with cumulative outstanding loans of over RMB34. 5 billion. In 2021, BOC Tianjin Branch successfully participated in the syndicated loans for Tianjin Metro Line 6 construction and the phase-I project of Line 10, cumulatively contributing tranches of RMB5. 65 billion. Transportation goes first in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei coordinated development 22 23 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Supporting the Construction of Xiongan New AreaSupporting Yangtze River Delta Integration We continuously increased financial support for Xiongan New Area as we took it as a mission to provide high-standard services for the construction of the area. As at the end of 2021, we approved verified credit limits of RMB290. 3 billion to major projects and enterprises in the area, RMB21 billion of which had been cumulatively extended. Most of the funds flew into key fields such as green credit, infrastructure and strategic emerging industries, powerfully backing the major construction projects including the four vertical lines & two horizontal lines high-speed rail network, four vertical lines & three horizontal lines expressway network and community rebuilding. Railway The Railway e-Card convenient service was promoted. We have by far activated the use of the Railway e-Card in three intercity railways in the Yangtze River Delta, namely, the Nanjing-Anqing line, the Shanghai-Nanjing line and the Nanjing-Qidong line. As at the end of 2021, a total of 275, 200 Railway e-Cards in the Yangtze River Delta were distributed. Public transport The convenient service for public transport scenarios was refined. As at the end of 2021, we enabled passengers to scan a QR code to take bus in Shanghai, Ningbo, Suzhou, Changzhou and Wuxi in the Yangtze River Delta; besides, the service has fully covered all bus lines and metro lines in Ningbo. In cooperation with the Xiongan New Area Investment Promotion Service Centre, the Xiongan Intelligent City Innovation Federation and the Xiongan Blockchain Lab, we developed and put into use the scientific innovation service block chain platform of Xiongan New Area, and launched our online loan products on the platform. The platform is designed to promote the transformation of our inclusive finance service towards the high-tech, intelligent services of the block chain and internet, and enhance our capability and quality of financial services for micro and small enterprises. Relying on the advantage in the block chain technology in Xiongan New Area, we launched the first pilot scenario of block chain e-CNY in China, where salaries were paid in the form of e-CNY through the Block Chain Payment Platform. Through the programme, we accumulated precious experience in financial innovation exploration for Xiongan New Area. As at the end of 2021, the Bank s four major institutions based in the Greater Bay Area recorded a balance of loans of over RMB3. 5 trillion. Meanwhile, by integrating wealth management and cross-border finance, we launched the BOC Cross-Border Wealth Management Express with multiple products selected based on the characteristics of the Guangdong-Hong Kong- Macao markets, aiming to provide a convenient channel to allocate cross-border assets for residents in the Greater Bay Area. Up to now, over 11, 000 clients have signed up. We equipped outlets in Guangdong with smart counters that enable the identification of Hong Kong and Macao resident certificates. Clients holding the Mainland Travel Permits for Hong Kong and Macao Residents or Hong Kong Macao resident ID cards can directly handle the opening of a debit card or mobile banking over the smart counters. A card can be obtained or mobile banking can be activated instantly on the spot. The service allows Hong Kong and Macao residents to quickly acquire a domestic BOC bank account. The underlying trades covered commodities such as crude oil, coal and corn. The new-type transactions of payment and collection facilitation under international trade accounted for over 80 of the total business volume in the province. We offered the investment and loan linkage service for the credit risk compensation fund established by the Hainan Provincial Science and Technology Bureau. As at the end of 2021, we extended a total of RMB181. 10 million worth of Hainan High-tech Loan to 39 local high- tech enterprises. Professional one-to-one wealth management service was offered by the outlets in Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao to clients of BOC Cross-Border Wealth Management Express. Besides, one-to-one service with respect to investor protection and other aspects was enhanced so that customers can access safe, consistent service experience in the Greater Bay Area. During the year, we signed the cooperative agreements with local governments of Sichuan-Chongqing Gaozhu New Area and Yibin City to accelerate support for the development of the local economy and the construction of the Chengdu-Chongqing economic circle. In 2021, the balance of loans to the Hainan Free Trade Port increased by RMB12. 6 billion. Straightening cross- border investment channelsWe launched the Macao Cross- border Wallet, through which convenient, quick domestic mobile payment service was offered to customers from Hong Kong and Macao. At the same time, we vigorously promoted the serial cards with the Greater Bay Area theme, and developed Business Connect to provide preferential treatments for Hong Kong and Macao consumers. We launched a cross-border, online and one-stop service that allows Macao residents to handle Zhuhai social security. Facilitating the Belt and Road InitiativeExpanding Cross- Border Financial Services In adherence to the principles of achieving shared growth through consultation and collaboration, we boosted the high- quality development of the Belt and Road Initiative in terms of policy communication, facility interconnectivity, trade facilitation, financing availability and people-to- people bonds, with an aim of realising high-standard, sustainable development that improves people s wellbeing. As at the end of 2021, the presence of our overseas institutions covered 62 countries and regions, including 41 countries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative. We also followed up over 700 key projects in the Belt and Road region, and cumulatively extended credit support of about USD223 billion to the Belt and Road countries. We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of USD14. 6 billion equivalent were raised. Moreover, the Belt and Road International Financial Exchange & Cooperation Seminars initiated by us had been held for eighth time. We deepened innovation in the cross- border business mode, continuously enhanced the capability of delivering financial services for new business forms and new modes of foreign trade, enriched the assortment of cross- border trade financing products and services, strengthened the digital service capability, deepened the development of the block chain platform and actively explored cross-border financial services. By the end of 2021 The presence of our overseas institutions covered key projects in the Belt and Road regionWe also followed up over Cumulatively extended credit support of about to the Belt and Road countries We pioneered in launching bonds with a Belt and Road theme, through which funds of equivalent were raisedIncluding Supporting the development of new business forms under foreign trade In 2021, we entered into the Special Agreement on Supporting High-quality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporation. The two parties will take this as an opportunity to carry out business innovation practice in new business forms, with concerted efforts to extend high-quality financing services for the new business forms and new modes of foreign trade. BOC signs the Special Agreement on Supporting High-quality Development of New Business Forms and New Modes of Foreign Trade with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporationcountries and regionscountries involved in the Belt and Road Initiative 27 26 28 29 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies Enriching the assortment of cross-border trade financing products and services We released the fully upgraded version of BOC Cross-border E-commerce Connect, a brand under which we offer inclusive payment and collection services under import and export for cross- border e-commerce. We increased support for RMB internationalisation through continuously enhancing our capabilities of product R&D and innovation in service and taking an active part in policy formulation and research. As at the end of 2021, we handled RMB632 trillion worth of cross-border RMB clearing transactions, representing a year-on-year growth of 34; the Group completed RMB11. 26 trillion of cross-border RMB settlements, a year-on-year increase of 22. 36. We invited 640 overseas exhibitors and 766 buyers to the event; due to our efforts, 273 intents of cooperation were reached on the spot, amounting to USD3. 699 billion. Upon receipt of a payment collection instruction or order submitted by a quality corporate customer, we can directly handle cross-border RMB settlement service under trade in goods and trade in service. We hosted online cloud CIIE promotion fair for Latin America and other overseas regions, encouraged Frankfurt Branch, BOCHK, BOC (New Zealand) and other overseas branches to provide assistance for the CIIE Bureau in hosting cloud CIIE promotion activities, and invited local customers to the activities. The product is connected to the Yiwu International Trade Information Service Platform to offer exchange settlement support under procurement trade to individuals, better meeting the requirement of self-employed individuals engaged in foreign trade for exchange settlement service. Exchange settlement service for SMEs engaged in market procurement trade We launched the BOC Cross-border e Procurement Express service in Shandong, Hubei, Guangdong, Zhejiang, etc., offering overt, online, facilitating exchange settlement services to export-oriented SMEs and self-employed individuals engaged in procurement trade. Facilitated cross-border settlement for new offshore trade We offered convenient cross-border funds settlement service to areas covered by the pilot programme on new-type offshore trade facilitation in Suzhou, Ningbo and other places. We have by far completed the first settlement under entrusted overseas processing under new- type offshore trade. BOC releases the BOC Cross-border E-commerce Connect on the 130th China Import and Export Fair Advancing digital transformation of cross-border business Supporting exchange settlement for individuals through the innovative product Easy Settlement Express trade enterprises and convenient online services for cross-border business, and improved the efficiency of handling exchange rate interest rate hedging business and customer experience through bank-enterprises link interfaces. Boosting RMB Internationalisation Serving CIIEPromoting the facilitation of cross-border trade activities Promoting CIIE overseas Inviting domestic investorsEnhancing the international influence of RMB 30 31 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 135 RMB521. 578 billion In September 2021, BOC Guangdong Branch hosted the specialized and innovative cross- border matchmaking activity for small and medium-sized enterprises held at the 17th China International Small and Medium Enterprises Fair and Small and Medium Enterprises International Cooperation Forum 31 30Pushing Forward Industrial Transformation and UpgradingWith great attention paid to the development of strategic emerging industries and the transformation and upgrading of advantageous traditional industries, we continuously stepped up efforts in research and policy formulation in relevant fields, vigorously supported clusters of emerging industries and ecological development of industries, and helped build a modern industrial technology system that is advanced, applicable, autonomous, controllable, open and inclusive. The Guideline of Bank of China on Credit Extension to Industries (Version 2021) explicitly states that the Bank will prioritise strategic emerging industries and advanced manufacturing, and selectively support leading enterprises with core competitiveness in such key industries as the new-generation IT industry, high-end CNC machine tools and robots, aerospace equipment, advanced rail transit equipment, energy-saving and new-energy vehicles, power equipment, new materials, biomedicine and high- performance medical apparatus and instruments, marine engineering and high- tech shipbuilding, agricultural machinery and equipment. Meanwhile, we developed standards for evaluating advanced manufacturers, clarified such standards for some manufacturing segments in terms of technology, product, experience, market among other dimensions, and stepped up support. At the same time, we timely adjusted our credit strategy for high- carbon industries such as coal power, iron & steel, petrochemicals, chemicals, non- ferrous metals, and building materials in a way that pressed for capacity replacement and green renovation and lowered energy consumption and emissions. As the end of 2021, the corporate credit to brown industries of the Bank accounted less than 10 of total corporate loans. Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. is the largest building steel production base, an important industrial steel production base and an emerging high-end steel panel production base in Hubei Province. Its products are widely used in infrastructure construction projects of water conservancy, hydro power and railway. BOC Hubei Branch conducted an overall evaluation on risk points including environmental protection and industry policy and granted reasonable credit limits to the enterprise based on its actual operation and development status and the evaluation results. In terms of trade financing, the branch simplified the financing formalities, efficiently completed approval for money distribution and offered it the maximum preferential treatment in exchange settlement under import and export, thereby lowering its financing costs. The branch initiated the establishment of a creditors committee, and pressed the company to upgrade to green and intelligent manufacturing. At present, the company manages to dispose of solid wastes in its factory, recycles waste water and has super- low emissions of dust fall. By the end of 2021 The balance of loans to strategic emerging industries totaled Up RMB299. 335 billion or over the beginning of the yearHelping Echeng Iron and Steel Co., Ltd. realise industrial transformation 32 33 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies 33 32RMB146. 904 billion Profoundly Developing Inclusive FinancePositioning inclusive finance as a strategic business related to our sustainable development, we formulated the 14th Five-Year Plan on Inclusive Finance of Bank of China and actively assumed the responsibility as a major state-owned bank by focusing on serving the real economy and boosting high-quality development of inclusive finance. With an orientation to digital inclusive finance, we accelerated innovation in inclusive finance modes, strove to build an inclusive finance service system with commercial banking as the body, rural finance as a distinct feature, consumer finance and public benefit services as supplements, and endeavoured to provide more financial drivers for improvement in people s livelihood and social development. As at the end of 2021, the balance of inclusive finance loans to micro and small enterprises that meet the two no-less-than and two control requirements recorded RMB881. 5 billion, representing a growth rate of 53 during the year; the number of accounts of such loans went up 32 to 620, 000. We launched the Inclusive Loan series of online products for micro and small enterprises and business owners. Through mining and analysing enterprises internal and external data and utilising such technological means as the internet, big data and biometric authentication, we set up an automatic risk control system that enables comprehensive evaluation of micro and Customer end Business endTotal loans extended amounting to Logo of the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Focusing on Micro and Small Enterprises and Helping More Enterprises Access Inclusive Finance ServiceBuilding the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan Innovative digital inclusive finance services small enterprises and online handling of financing services from customer application, review and approval to withdrawal and repayment, thus improving the facilitation and availability of finance to micro and small enterprises. As at the end of 2021, the Inclusive Loan series served close to 100, 000 enterprises with total loans extended amounting to RMB146. 904 billion. Customer experience Customers were enabled to make self- service application via corporate online banking, mobile banking and other online service channels without submitting many materials. Reinforcing the capability of comprehensive use of data In pace with the enterprise-level architecture development, we consolidated the personal loan customer data foundation, supported retrieval of external data such as data from taxation authorities and the industrial and commercial administration organ in offline handling of loans, enriched the dimensions of loan data and improved the capabilities of anti-fraud detection and risk identification. Upgrading the management mode of Tax Loan We lifted the limits on Tax Loan so that branches would not be restricted by the online business limits. A credit model was developed for self-employed individuals to enhance the customer service capability. As for outstanding loan holders, we simplified the pre-lending survey and approval procedures to improve customer experience. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National StrategiesBOC supports China (Qinghai) International Ecological Expo with BOC E-cooperation RMB60 billion RMB50 billion Helping enterprises with MSE Benefit Loan Joining hands with enterprises via BOC E-cooperation In consideration of the characteristics of micro and small enterprises financing needs, namely short term, small, frequent and prompt needs, we launched a service scheme named MSE Benefit Loan under the inclusive finance brand Inclusive Loan to increase support for the customer group. Under the scheme, we verify a certain limit on short-term working capital loans for those micro and small enterprises On the Inclusive Loan BOC E-cooperation platform, we innovatively created the scenario finance service mode based on IT technologies such as big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. The platform is designed to act as a bridge and bond connecting demands and supplies and helping that make collections and payments frequently in production and operation. Within the limit, the enterprises can withdraw money multiple times, return money in installments and recycle the loan money for day-to-day production and operation activities. Since its launch in April 2021, we verified over RMB50 billion worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan and cumulatively extended close to RMB60 billion. We verified over worth of credit limits under MSE Benefit Loan Cumulatively extended close to governments bring in investments through building an online offline bank-government-enterprise ecosystem and breaking service boundaries of customer groups of enterprises, government bodies and chambers of commerce. This broadened sales channels of dairy products makers, green food makers, alcohol processors and manufacturers, green agricultural and livestock producers and helped them reach intents of cooperation. On the exact day, many customers went to the site for face-to-face communication with enterprises from outside the province. We organised the supply-demand matchmaking conference for the CIIE for four consecutive years, as well as matchmaking activities for the China International Consumer Products Expo, China International Fair for Trade in Services and China Import and Export Fair. As at the end of 2021, we cumulatively hosted 89 business matchmaking activities, providing financing intelligent services for close to 40, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions throughout the globe. The zones attracted nearly 1, 000 micro and small enterprises to the platform, which publicised close to 1, 000 pieces of information on supply of raw materials, product selling and technical cooperation. Relying on our experience in delivering targeted support to four prioritised counties under national poverty alleviation and development, namely Chunhua County, Xunyi County, Changwu County and Yongshou County ( four North-Xianyang counties hereinafter) in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, we designed a module with the theme of rural revitalisation on the BOC E-cooperation platform, created a special zone of investment promotion for the four North-Xianyang counties under the module, and launched business promotion dedicated to Xianyang City and the four North- Xianyang counties, in an effort to boost the rural revitalisation in the counties. Boosting bank- government- enterprise collaborationAssisting targeted areas under the BOC s poverty alleviation programme in pursuing prosperity Creating more sales for enterprises through BOC E-cooperation 36 37 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Focusing on the Original Aspiration and Serving National Strategies37 Deepening Financial Services Related to People s Livelihood in Four Scenarios Centring on the four major scenarios, namely cross-border scenario, education scenario, sports scenario and grey- hair scenario, we continuously stepped up the development of our basic capabilities, improved service measures for specific scenarios, and accelerated building of a scenario-based financial services ecosystem, with dedication to building a convenient, efficient system of banking products and comprehensive services for the general public. Cross-Border Scenario Education Scenario Sports Scenario Grey-Hair Scenario We released the BOC Cross-border GO APP, which offered professional and considerate cross-border services for cross-border customers; and launched the WeChat mini-programme BOC Compass targeted at non-resident clients, to further satisfy the diversified requirements of overseas customers after entering the Chinese border for consumption payment, remuneration management, investment & wealth management. We optimised and upgraded over 40 core financial products based on our deep understanding of changes in the market and customer needs, embedding the feature of foreign-currency banknote reservation onto Huawei s HarmonyOS, Alipay, www. We developed the sub-scenario for students studying abroad. We released the Forbes Guideline on International Schools in China and the Whitepaper on Chinese Studying Abroad jointly with cooperative institutions, built 10-odd prioritised non-financial services centring on the whole cycle of students studying abroad experience, embedded over 20 financial features and created one-stop cross-border scenario-based service experience. We pressed forward the development of Beijing 2022 scenario, carried out in-depth cooperation with major leading sports venues in China and important winter sports events, and popularisation activities together with the General Administration of Sport of China to encourage more people to engage in winter sports, making the target of Inspire 300 Million People to Participate in Ice or Snow Sports achievable. We debuted the Grey-hair Map, an online elderly care resources exhibiting platform at the First China International Consumer Products Expo to provide product and services information on quality-guaranteed elderly care institutions for the elderly. As at the end of 2021, 160 such institutions across 24 provinces and municipalities had registered on the platform. We promoted the whole-cycle education service platform in 35 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, which covers over 15, 000 educational institutions and serves 4. 25 million personal customers. We enriched the experience of online users, upgraded the sports zone of mobile banking, and enriched the contents, thus to improve user experience. The special elderly zone had 2. 658 million users logging in, and 7. 469 million clicks on login, all in a cumulative manner. In the year, we set up 58 new model outlets featuring grey-hair service and turned 218 outlets into elderly finance-featured outlets. Moreover, we revised the Action Plan of Bank of China on Facilitating Rural Revitalisation, which specifies key measures for supporting rural revitalisation and sets the targets of an increment of RMB1 trillion in agriculture-related loans extended and an average annual growth rate not lower than 10 throughout the Bank during the 14th Five-Year Plan period. By the end of 2021Innovating in Agriculture- Related Products and ServicesDeepening Cooperation with Agriculture-Related Entities Bettering the Diversified Service System We worked out service schemes of Inclusive Loan New Agriculture Connect, Inclusive Loan Farmland Loan and Inclusive Loan MSE Benefit Loan, and actively supported new-type agricultural operators, high-standard farmland constructors and agriculture product processors by satisfying their diversified, multi-level requirements for financial services; We developed Rural Revitalisation Loan Agricultural Benefit Loan to solve problems with traditional agricultural credit business such as insufficient customer information, small service coverage, high customer acquisition cost and inadequate risk mitigation; We launched innovative products to help farmers such as Cotton Loan, Benefit Farmer Lucky E Loan and Tea Merchant E Loan and continuously refined the pro- agriculture financial product system; We popularised the platform for management of assets, resources and funds in rural areas, launched a pilot programme on building a circulation platform for trading property rights in rural areas, and helped with standardised operation of assets, resources and funds in rural areas; We launched the credit card themed with rural revitalisation in October 2021, and allocated more financial resources to the key areas and weak links of rural economy. We pushed forward cooperation with agriculture and rural area administrations at all levels and agriculture- featured industrial service platforms, built a digital agriculture-related product system and made use of digital technology to enhance the role of inclusive finance in boosting rural revitalisation; We advanced cooperation with the National Agricultural Credit Guarantee Alliance in active marketing of express credit facility to new-type agricultural operators. Upholding the development principle of supporting agriculture-related and small businesses with a footing on county-level development, BOC Fullerton Community Bank founded 126 community- based banks and 189 sub-branches across China, covering county-level rural areas in 22 provinces (municipalities). It is the community-based banking group with the largest number of domestic institutions and the widest business scale in China. As at the end of 2021, BOC Fullerton Community Bank recorded a balance of loans of RMB70. 9 billion, and the loans per account reached RMB160, 000. BOC Guizhou Branch supports the development of kiwifruit industry in Liupanshui City with BOC Farmer Loan The balance of agriculture- related loans recorded The balance of agriculture- related inclusive loans reached new county-level institutions in 2021We set up Stretching our presence to counties previously uncoveredWith a growth rate of during the year during the year 40 41 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 40 41Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) In recent years, with the commitment to ecological priority and green development, China has highlighted ecological conservation, incorporating it into the overall plan for building socialism with Chinese characteristics in five fields, and specifying the key nodes and major tasks for the goals of achieving carbon peaking before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060. Actively promoting ecological conservation, Bank of China placed an emphasis on green finance. With the aim to become the first choice for green financial services, we supported the sustainable development of China and the world with practical actions. We remained committed to green development to build up our core competitiveness in commercial banking in the new era; we made financial innovations to provide targeted support for green industries; we applied different policies to different industries to boost their prosperity; we consolidated our foundation for the establishment of a green financial standard system; we conducted international cooperation to enhance the efficiency of global green financial resource allocation. All these efforts have contributed to moving China closer to the carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals and the international community closer to the Paris Climate Agreement goals. Senior Management Professional TeamsGovernance FrameworkGovernance System of Green FinanceWe thoroughly implemented the concepts of green development and green transformation by putting Xi Jinping thought on ecological progress fully into effect and closely following the Bank s 14th Five-Year Plan. As a result, green credit grew rapidly, the volume of green bond underwritten led the market, and globalised and integrated operations showed outstanding advantages. Green finance gradually became our new calling card. In 2021, the group held four meetings to study and communicate national green finance polices and review the Bank s major green finance strategies and policies. The Board of Directors reviewed green finance related issues on a regular basis, directed and supervised key works relevant to green finance. In 2021, the Board listened to the report on green finance development in 2020, reviewed and approved the 14th Five Year Plan of Bank of China for Green Finance, covering the development of green finance business, management of environmental and social risks, and green performance of institutions and other major issues. Throughout the year, the committee coordinated and advanced the work on green finance among business lines and institutions of the Group. Domestic and overseas branches set up a corresponding inter-departmental leading mechanism for green finance. Full-time or part-time specialists were arranged in all departments to carry out green credit, green bonds, environmental and social risk management, carbon market services, data system construction, operational carbon neutrality and other related businesses. Domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies had set green finance departments, teams or employees in place for relevant work. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains 42Focusing on the national carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals, we integrated green finance into our 14th Five-Year Plan development plan, and established our 1 1 N green finance policy system, and refined relevant policies, to guide the Bank towards deepening green finance practices on all fronts. Policies and Regulations To ensure the sound implementation of green finance strategies, we incorporated green development, environmental and social risk management and other factors into the assessment system for executives and employees, and allocated special-purposed resources to the green finance business to ensure the effective management of green finance. These indicators involved quantitative business growth goals, green finance policies and regulations, working mechanisms, personnel allocation, research results, etc. For industries in restricted categories subject to key regulation of the state and industries with major environmental and social risks, we proactively formulated specific credit guidelines and implemented differentiated and dynamic credit policies as well as risk exposure management systems. Business Orientation In line with the requirements of the Green Credit Guidelines and Green Finance Development Plan of Bank of China, we incorporated the development of green finance into the scope of audit. In 2021, the internal audit continued to follow the development of green finance of the Bank, focused on the implementation of national policies and regulatory requirements on green finance by the Head Office and branches as well as their formulation and transmission of green credit rules, including the implementation of green credit requirements in credit approval, granting review and post-loan management. Major problems found in the audit were reported within corresponding jurisdictions. This ensured timely and systematic remediation of such problems. In the year, the internal audit of green credit achieved sound results, effectively enhanced green finance concept across the board, and promoted the improvement of risk control measures for green credit. In particular, the highly risky Category A customers were subject to more stringent assessment and review measures. At the same time, according to the Classification Specification of Bank of China for the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries and the Operation Regulations of Bank of China for the Green Credit Statistics Table, we maintained the green loan signs in the credit system, thus improving the quality of green finance-related data. In 2021, we further strengthened our study on green finance and training on green credit identification and statistics as well as other capacity building programmes, and systematically introduced the differences and key operation of green credit standards. Data Standards and Systems The primary framework for the policy system for green finance is formed in terms of business development, industry policies, environmental and social risk management, etc., which is strongly supported by corresponding data systems. The Plan builds a detailed roadmap from 15 aspects including the organisational structure, business development strategies, product innovation, green operation, stress testing, international cooperation, capacity building, and technology empowerment. Policy system for green financeBank of China Action Plan for Reaching the Goal of Peak Carbon Emissions and Carbon Neutrality Based on the principles of sustainability, responsibility and prudence, the Plan sets forth four strategic goals for the Bank to develop green finance To strive to become the first choice for green financial services; To achieve leapfrog development in green finance business; To properly manage environmental and social risks; To specify the objectives and action plans for carbon neutrality in the operation and asset portfolios of commercial banks. The Plan expounds the opportunities and challenges facing the Bank in green finance Opportunities The global atmosphere for green finance becomes increasingly strong; Chinese green finance policies provide huge dividends; the green industry has a broad space for development; China is expected to achieve corner overtaking in carbon finance. Challenges Industrial structural transformation poses a challenge for banks asset allocation; new green finance requirements pose a challenge for banks comprehensive management capacity, including strategic decisions and implementation, information disclosure, products and services, risk management and green operations. The Plan sets out 45 major requirements in terms of business development pattern, green performance and supporting measures. We supported production capacity replacement, green transformation, technological upgrading and the like in high-carbon industries. We guided resources towards key areas such as advanced production capacity, lower unit energy consumption, technology upgrading and transformation, intelligent and efficient operation, and guaranteed energy supply. In promoting the transformation and upgrading of high-carbon industries, we avoided the one size fitting all approach and campaign-style carbon reduction, and implemented differentiated credit management requirements. Support for the transformation of high-carbon industries We formulated the Supporting Policies of Bank of China Regarding Corporate Green Credit. In terms of credit policies for relevant industries involving green development, we provided preferential policies for green projects, and detailed guidance and support for the development of green businesses. We opened up green approval channels for qualified green projects, allowing them to enjoy preferential credit support such as loan priorities under the same conditions. Guidance on green credit granting, product innovation, green finance development in pilot areas, green operation, policy support, data quality, risk management and other aspects were given to all branches to make them more capable of executing green finance-related work. Preferential policies for green projects We formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China on Green Credit, specified the principled risk management requirements for green credit development, and guided credit resources towards the green industries listed in the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries. We formulated the Business Guidance of Bank of China for Financing Based on Confirmed Electricity Price Subsidies for Renewable Energy, providing greater support for renewable energy enterprises to narrow their financial gaps. We formulated the Management Measures of Bank of China for Mortgages and Pledges of Carbon Emission Rights, encouraging the expansion of business regarding mortgage and pledge financing based on carbon emission rights, and supporting enterprises in properly managing their carbon assets. Greater support for green industries 46 47 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Business Development of Green Finance 47 46We deepened and refined our long- effect development mechanism for green finance, vigorously developed green credit, green bonds and other core businesses, and launched new green finance products in many business lines. Green Finance Domestic Commercial Banking Targeting the national trading markets of carbon emission rights and certified emission reductions, we launched the carbon emission rights pledge financing business in Shanghai, Fujian, Jiangxi, Shenzhen, Inner Mongolia and other regions. We launched the business of financing based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in Beijing, Fujian, Hebei, Inner Mongolia, Zhejiang and other regions. In Zixi, a county located in Fuzhou City, Jiangxi Province and included in the first batch of national demonstration counties for ecological progress and the list of national key ecological function zones, the Bank launched a pilot redemption programme for non- state-owned commercial forests. Loans of RMB130 million were specially provided for the programme to make good use of the local forest resources and improve the economic benefits of the ecological resources. BOC Guizhou Branch Bijie Sub-Branch granted the National Reserve Forest (Phase I) project in Zhijin County a syndicated loan of RMB350 million. As at the end of 2021, a total of RMB120 million loans were issued to support national reserve forest development and ecological security. As at the end of 2021, the balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB1. 4 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 57 with an NPL ratio lower than the overall level of the Group. Bond issuance A total of USD12. 8 billion worth of sustainability series bonds was issued overseas, including USD10. 7 billion in equivalent of green bonds. Bond underwriting In 2021, RMB129. 4 billion of domestic green bonds were underwritten, ranking the first among commercial banks; USD23. 4 billion of overseas green bonds were underwritten, ahead of Chinese enterprises listed on the Global Offshore Green Bond by Bloomberg. Bond investment Green bond investments grew rapidly, and topped the Investment List of Green Debt Financing Instruments in 2021 by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII). We issued the first public offering transmission bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB5 billion equivalent. We issued the first biodiversity- themed green bonds among global financial institutions, with a scale of RMB1. 8 billion equivalent. The funds raised were for the demonstration of ecological construction in China, ecological restoration in mountainous areas, ecological water network, national reserve forest, transformation of low quality and low efficiency forest and other projects with biodiversity conservation benefits. We issued the world s first sustainability relinked bonds, Leading market position in green bonds with a scale of USD300 million. The bonds aimed to promote ESG financing, to provide bond investors with opportunities to participate in sustainability relinked loan programmes under controllable risks, and to encourage relevant economic entities to focus on and keep improving carbon emission reductions and other ESG performance. We supported our client to debut the first carbon-neutral securitised product in China, with a scale of RMB1. 75 billion equivalent. The funds raised were all for renewable energy projects such as wind power, hydropower and PV. We acted as the exclusive green structuring advisor for China s first local government overseas bonds and assisted the issuer in obtaining overseas green bond certification. We underwrote the first green personal auto loan asset-backed security (ABS) in China. The balance of our domestic green credit surpassed RMB1. 4 trillionHighlights of innovationHighlights of innovationBOC remained committed to establishing the green financial pattern of One Mainstay, Two Engines, where domestic commercial banking serves as the main body flanked by the two wings of globalised and integrated operations. In particular, BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Sub-Branch was designated as the first Head Office-level pilot branch for green finance. These specialised institutions worked hard to innovate green financial products and provide green and low-carbon transformation plans for the pilot zones. Under the cooperation agreement with the National Carbon Emission Registration and Clearing Centre, we developed the carbon emission registration and clearing functions in the BOC E-Commerce Express system, providing comprehensive internet financial services including contract signing, fund transfer, balance inquiry, fund clearing and account checking. In 2021, the growth rate of our green consumer credit exceeded the preset objective of 60. In Huzhou, we launched Carbon Loan, Loan for VOCs Emission Reduction, Star-class Loan for Green Factories and other products for nearly 100 enterprises. In Quzhou, we launched the Carbon Account product series. In Guangzhou, we innovated financial services such as the first loans based on confirmed electricity price subsidies for renewable energy in the wind power industry, the carbon emission right pledge loans, and held the promotion conference themed with Through Train of BOC Industry Chain Investment, Loan, Bond and Stock Carbon-Neutral Bond of Green Finance. We also launched the first carbon-neutral bonds for local state-owned enterprises in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in Zhuhai. Deepened support for green finance pilot zones Support for the development of carbon trading platforms In collaboration with Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange and Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange, Shanghai Branch formulated the complete operation specifications for financing with carbon emission quotas as effective pledges and risk mitigators, and launched the carbon quota pledge financing service. Green inclusive finance and green public welfare We launched the Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan service programme, providing micro and small green enterprises with exclusive credit channels to solve the capital needs of green enterprises in multiple dimensions. As at the end of 2021, the balance of green inclusive loans reached RMB7. 01 billion, a year- on-year increase of 73. 6. We launched the UnionPay credit card themed with green and low carbon for personal customers, guiding them towards a green and low-carbon life. As an exclusive partner for the Green Fortune programme in Shanghai, we distributed a total of more than one million sets of green fortune cards in over 2, 200 local communities, and actively participated in the construction of the city s first demonstration base for green, low-carbon and recyclable products. Highlights of innovation Highlights of innovationHighlights of innovation Highlights of innovation In September 2021, we signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, becoming the first commercial bank to have done so in the field of financial services for carbon neutrality. The two sides agree to carry out in-depth collaboration in climate investment and financing, pollution prevention and control, carbon market development, international environmental and energy cooperation and other fields to jointly promote the comprehensive green transformation of economic and social development. The programme adopted a credit model based on the results of the Carbon Efficiency Code evaluation. Differentiated interest rates, credit lines, loan scale and other resources were tilted to green enterprises to support their green and low-carbon production and improvement in energy-saving and carbon-reducing technology. Since July 2021, Industrial Carbon Loan has supported 40 companies, with a total scale of RMB600 million. The product was ranked among the 2021 Innovative Cases of Green Financial Products and Services in Huzhou with the highest score. The programme involved the provision of up to RMB10 million credit loans for micro and small enterprises labeled as dark green, light green or yellow in the evaluation of carbon emission intensity. At the same time, the Bank opened up green channels for enterprises to enjoy priority in green loan approval and granting, and offered them relevant preferential interest rates. With the funds, we don t have to worry about our equipment transformation and technology development in the next step! Head of A Huzhou Driving Technology Co., Ltd. 50 51 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Focusing on the requirements of national economic restructuring and industrial development strategies, we gave full play to our advantages in integrated operations, and intensified financial supply and services for green projects in terms of investment, bonds, investment banking, insurance, leasing, asset management and others. Green Finance Integration As the first institution to be approved to participate in the establishment of the National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd., the Bank will invest RMB8 billion to support the development of the national green industry. After the introduction of the ESG investment concept, BOCIM issued the BOC Shanghai Clearing House 0 5 Year ADBC Bond Index Fund with a scale of RMB5. 06 billion, and developed an ESG- themed UCITIS fund for cross-border cooperation. BOC Wealth Management invested RMB40. 2 billion in green and low-carbon assets. BOCI provided IPO sponsorship and underwriting, post-IPO refinancing debt issuance, M&A and other services for green companies involved in solid waste treatment, renewable resources, new energy and other fields. Through innovation in green product portfolios, BOC Insurance assumed insurance liabilities of approximately RMB8. 3 billion. In the meantime, the institution developed nine additional insurance products for environmental pollution liability insurance and three additional ones for construction insurance involving pollution liabilities. With the investment opportunities in green industries, BOC Asset Investment participated in green industry projects such as clean power generation, energy storage, clean energy equipment manufacturing, energy conservation and environmental protection, clean energy equipment manufacturing, and energy conservation and environmental protection through market-oriented debt-to- equity swaps. As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested a total of RMB27. 9 billion in green industries, an amount which accounted for more than 40 of the total investments. BOCG Investment invested a total of RMB11. 1 billion in eight green projects on the new energy vehicle industry chain on a cumulative basis. The institution issued USD600 million five-year senior unsecured green bonds to raise funds for green projects such as clean transportation and renewable energy. BOCI China acted as the co-lead underwriter for China Huaneng Group s issuance of RMB2 billion carbon neutrality corporate bonds. The bonds were among the first batch of carbon neutrality green corporate bonds issued on exchanges. The institution conducted the factoring of green asset- backed securities for Power China to facilitate the development of green new energy. Green bonds BOCL focused on green transportation, green energy, environmental governance and other industries to increase the proportion of green leasing assets. In the year, it provided RMB1 billion of funds for the Niulan River-Dianchi Lake water supplementation project in Kunming, Yunnan through financial leasing. BOC Aviation invested USD2. 1 billion in purchasing energy-efficient aircraft, thus saving more than 20 of unit energy consumption. Frankfurt Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the syndicated loan facility for Borkum Riffgrund 3 offshore wind farm in German with a share of EUR129 million. The project will boast a total export capacity of 900 MW, and is the first purely commercial and the largest offshore wind power project in German. New York Branch participated in the 10-year syndicated facility for the Vineyard Wind offshore wind power project. Joint efforts were made in leading the organisation of the USD1. 016 billion international syndicated facility for London Branch participated as the mandated lead arranger in the GBP7. 58 billion syndicated loan facility for Doggerbank, the world s largest offshore wind power plant. The branch assisted Transmission Capital Partners in the UK with a GBP230 million M&A financing transaction for the Beatrice Offshore Wind Farm Transmission Assets. London Branch Luxembourg Branch Macau BranchAfter Luxembourg Branch issued the first green bonds endorsed by a Chinese bank in Europe in 2016, the branch issued dual-currency green bonds in June 2021, raising USD500 million and EUR500 million successfully. The issuance won great response in the market and both the US dollar and euro were oversubscribed. Panama Branch, Bank of China Mexico and New York Branch jointly participated in the USD1. 5 billion sustainability-linked syndicated facility for Am rica M vil. The loan facility was mainly used for clean energy, carbon emissions and other fields. Tokyo Branch participated in the JPY55 billion four-year first green syndicated loan facility arranged by Prologis in the Japanese market, and signed the JPY60 billion seven-year first green syndicated loan facility agreement with Global Logistic Properties, a global logistics and warehousing company. Green time deposits BOCHK launched corporate and personal green time deposit products independently certified by third parties in Hong Kong, to raise RMB, HKD and USD funds for green building, renewable energy and pollution prevention industries. In 2021, the scale of these products grew by approximately HKD3. 98 billion in equivalent. Green consumption credit Macau Branch launched the Green Loan programme, providing loans with preferential interest rates for local people to buy environmentally friendly electric vehicles, build private charging piles, study environmental protection courses and make other green purchases. As at the end of 2021, the programme received more than 270 applications, involving an amount of nearly MOP100 million. In 2021, BOC (UK) issued personal housing mortgage loans, more than 50 of which were used to help customers purchase brand- new properties with the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) ratings of A and B. Offshore wind power project financingIntegrated green businesses BOCHK provided green advisory services for CSSC (Hong Kong) Shipping, assisting in the pricing and issuance of USD500 million green and blue double certified bonds. Sydney Branch customised derivatives hedge plans for clients green financing projects to reduce interest risk for them. This issuance conformed to the domestic standards for green bonds and the requirements of Green Bond Principles formulated by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). Luxembourg Branch promoted China- themed asset management products based on ESG concepts through the BOC Asset Management Platform in Europe. London Branch participated in developing carbon trading products, and worked on the opening of carbon quota clearing accounts. Dual-currency green bonds Green loans certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative Macau Branch carried out the green loan project certified by the Climate Bonds Initiative in May 2021. It is also an active practice of the Bank in implementing financial innovation of the Belt and Road Initiative and expanding cooperation with multi-lateral institutions. Green trade financing New York Branch issued a green standby letter of credit for the cooperation between General Electric and Sinohydro Corporation Limited on water conservancy equipment trading. Sydney Branch issued construction guarantees for green projects, and participated in the AUD1. 5 billion sustainability-linked guarantee refinancing syndicate for a subsidiary of China Communications Construction Company Limited. London Branch participated in the pre-export financing for Iraq s Basrah Gas Co., which was initiated by the International Finance Corporation. This is the world s first green financing aiming at reducing the emission of associated gas from Iraqi oil fields, and was named the Middle East Gas Deal of the Year 2021 by Project Finance International. We committed ourselves to establishing an environmental and social risk management mechanism covering the entire process including risk identification, risk assessment and risk monitoring, so as to effectively control relevant risks. With a focus on the environmental and social impacts of investment and financing activities on localities, we comprehensively streamlined our environmental and social risks in the entire business process, covering target customer selection, business initiation, due diligence, credit approval, contract management, fund appropriation and post-lending management. We categorised the environmental and social risks of credit customers and financing projects, reduced and mitigated the environmental and social risks in the selected financing projects, and avoided those with major negative environmental and social impacts. Whole-Process ManagementIn the meantime, we established sound environmental and social risk reporting and monitoring mechanisms. On such basis, we fully investigated and supervised our environmental and social risks, and offered to communicate with and report to the Board of Directors, regulators and stakeholders. We updated our risk reports on a regular basis, analysed the risk status and major risk events in the current period, and estimated the risk status for the next period. Moreover, we reported to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. We strengthened our communication with clients, employees, suppliers, peers, investors, community residents, environmental protection organisations, the media and regulators. We strictly followed the environmental protection regulations of localities, and incorporated environmental and social risks and other factors into our management process. Regular reporting Dynamic monitoring Commutation with stakeholders 55 54 Pursuant to the Classification Criteria for Category A and Category B Projects and Customers, the customer relationship departments classify customers by environmental and social risks, carry out corresponding system labeling, and reexamine their risks on a regular basis. Category A Customers are those with potential high environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities may seriously change the status quo of the environment and cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can hardly be eliminated). Category B Customers are those with potential medium environmental and social risks (their construction, production, and business activities will cause adverse environmental and social consequences which can be easily eliminated through mitigation measures). Category C Customers are those with relatively low environmental and social risks (their construction, production and business activities will not cause obvious adverse environmental and social consequences). Customer classification The Bank carries out due diligence on the environmental and social risks of customers (projects), with a focus on their compliance and compliance risks, including their pollution prevention and control measures, the characteristics of their industries and localities, as well as their policies in climate change and energy management, cultural heritage protection, labor conditions and community health and safety management, and biodiversity and sustainable resource protection. The Bank makes reasonable and objective judgments on the environmental and social risks of the customers, and provides relevant evaluation and analysis in business initiation reports. Due diligence The compliance document list is formulated. The examination of environmental and social risks is taken as a necessary part of credit approval, with specific requirements set out. Key examinations for high-risk customers The Bank examines the classification, for which relevant business departments can be required to make adjustments; the Bank focuses on how the environmental and social risks of Category A B customers impact credit risks, and mitigation measures can be taken. The Bank adopts the single-vote veto system in support of environmental protection, providing no credit support for projects that have failed in national environmental impact assessment and other relevant standards. Credit approval Fund appropriation Post-lending managementContract management Customers with Category A environmental and social risks should be urged to strengthen environmental and social risk management among all clauses in the credit contracts. In addition to signing such credit contracts, these customers shall make statements and add clauses on strengthening environmental and social risk management. The Bank carries out dynamic monitoring on environmental protection penalties and other negative public comments, and strengthened post-lending management for high-risk customers. Environment and Social Risk Management and Control Process for Credit Business How the customers manage their environmental and social risks should be taken as an important basis for the approval and appropriation of credit funds. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsAfter fully assessing the environmental and social risks facing all industries, we added binding requirements on environmental and social risk management to the credit policies for relevant industries. Key industries Credit policies Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fisheryIn the year, we revised the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Hog Cultivation, and formulated relevant policies for crop seeding, beef rearing, slaughtering, meat processing and other industries. Mining and metallurgyIn 2021, we formulated the Credit Policies of Bank of China for Mining and Metallurgy. We implemented different policies for different categories of customers and projects, and worked faster to adjust our customer structure and product structure. In particular, we paid attention to the requirements of the national supply-side structural reform, and implemented classification and tiered management. It specifies that credit granting must comply with Chinese laws, regulations and policies as well as the Bank s requirements related to green credit. The Bank supported the technological transformation for energy conservation and emission reduction, and followed the technological transformation progress of the projects which credit were granted to. From the fourth quarter of 2021, BOC stopped providing financing for new overseas coal mining and coal-fired power projects. For the signed ones, the Bank continued to fulfill relevant contracts. These documents require the strict implementation of the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting the Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects whose Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Needs to be Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019) and policy requirements related to pollution discharge. During business development, attention should be paid to the environmental impacts brought by project construction and operation, and no support may be given to projects with major potential environmental and social risks. It requires the strict compliance with green credit principles to ensure that shipping transportation complies with domestic laws and regulations and relevant international conventions. No credit support may be given to the projects which produce ships with equipment and materials explicitly eliminated by the state. It requires that the customers and their projects must be approved by the state and other relevant authorities, and that attention should be paid to the impacts on the ecological and social environment. Key support should be given to the energy-efficient port projects which have minor impacts on water resources and produce low pollution. We specified the system labels for different categories of environmental and social risks, Risk Management Policies the binding requirements on environmental and social risks in various industries, the biodiversity protection requirements, and the compliance review lists of environmental and social risks. We also adjusted risk weights assessment and approval authority correspondingly. We prohibited the provision of credit for projects seriously damaging biodiversity, and paid full attention to the ecological impacts from the business activities of the clients. In the year, we formulated the Notice on Circulating the Two Lists of Environmental and Social Risks for Certain Industries. The Notice specified the compliance document list and the compliance risk review list which were used in the initiation, approval and other links of credit granting for certain industries with high environmental and social risks. Adjusting risk weights assessmentDifferentiated approval authorityStrengthening credit contract management In the year, we formulated the Notice on Adjusting the Risk Weights of Green Finance and Other Businesses, and transmitting the risk appetite and management requirements of the Head Office. The Notice lowered the risk weight of green credit and raised that of financing for brown brown industries in the Bank's internal assessment. In the year, we formulated the Notice of Bank of China on Implementing Green Finance Strategy and Adjusting the Credit Approval Authority for Certain Industries, granting part of the approval authority for the photovoltaic industry, and raising that for the coking industry, in a bid to strengthen environmental and social risk management. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsKeenly focusing on the impacts of climate risk changes on our financial assets, we identified and analysed how physical and transformational changes of climate risks caused impacts and transmitted such impacts. We conducted climate risk sensitivity stress tests for key industries, to quantify the risk shocks and financial influences in different scenarios. Climate Risk ManagementClimate risk identification Environmental and Climate Risk Factors Influence economic entities through the social and economic system For macro-economy Trend changes occur to the productivity and labor market in specific industries, regions or seasons. Systemic depreciation or appreciation occurs to specific types of assets, which has lasting impacts on market investment behaviors. Trend or stress-related changes occur to the market supply and demand, which correspondingly influences the pricing of interest rate and foreign exchange rate, etc. Policy transition Technological transition Credit risk The default rate of customers or counterparties increases, which requires higher impairment provision. Market risk Values and expected returns of assets like commodities, derivatives and others change. Physical risk Transition risk We considered how climate risks would impact the Bank in different time ranges. Over the short term (within one year), the middle term (1 5 years), and the long term (more than 5 years), physical and transition risks may have different impacts in our risk system. Some transition risks (e. g., market preference shifted to low-carbon assets) and physical risks (e. g., continued global sea level rise) were expected to have larger impacts over longer periods of time, whereas the risks brought by some sudden weather events (e. g., typhoons and rainstorms) may impact the Bank s financial assets in the short term, but such impacts will be small in the long term. Under the impacts of long-term physical and transition risks, some types of businesses may not be able to operate, some industries may become less profitable overall, and the Bank s asset quality or operation may be influenced. At the present stage, the risk from transition facing the Bank is significant. The result is that the asset quality of banks will be affected. In 2021, we participated in the climate risk stress tests organised by the PBOC, and assessed the potential impact of carbon peaking, carbon neutrality and goal-oriented transition on credit assets. The results showcased that under the stress scenario, clients engaged in thermal power, steel, and cement industries would face higher credit risk, but the impact on capital adequacy was generally controllable. Climate risk measurement With full attention paid to the impacts from the customers business activities on the ecosystem, we strictly abode by the laws, regulations and rules on biodiversity protection, and prohibited the provision of credit support for the actions seriously damaging biodiversity. For controversial projects, while ensuring compliance with the laws and regulations of the countries and regions where the customers and projects are located, we fully listened to the opinions Biodiversity Risk Management At the same time, our overseas branches carried out stress tests in succession. BOC UK introduced climate risk scenario stress tests to the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report (ICAAP); BOCHK completed the stress tests for the transformational and physical risks of several industries. Branches in Singapore, Frankfurt, Sydney and other regions also conducted relevant climate risk stress tests. Moreover, we urged relevant enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake the obligation of ecological protection and restoration. For microeconomy Macroeconomy has indirect influences on microeconomy. The assets of economic entities suffer physical damages or value depreciation due to policy and technological transformation. Power, transportation, water, communication and other public resources and services suffer damages, resulting difficulties or disruptions of enterprises production, operation and relevant supply chain. The expectation of physical or transition risks changes the risk appetite of economic entities. Operational risk Partial functions of banks run into difficulties or disruptions. The operation of upstream and downstream supply chain run into difficulties or disruptions. Liquidity risk Liquidity shortage occurs. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsInnovative Esg Integration PracticesRaising the concept of sustainability as a bank-wide strategy, we actively integrated environmental and social standards into business processes. Basing on our innovative expertise in green finance, we built a future-oriented sustainable financial development model, and worked with all parties to cope with the ever-increasing environmental and social risks. With great importance attached to customer risk assessment, we included environmental and social risk management in the entire credit granting process. In 2021, we piloted the development of the innovative ESG evaluation system for corporate customers in Zhejiang. Basing on the mature international ESG evaluation framework, we incorporated Chinese characteristic indicators and established a differentiated interest rate pricing mechanism, with greater support provided for enterprises or projects with good ESG performance. Credit Business The ESG evaluation system can help us identify enterprises credit quality and sustainability, and provide visual reference data for us to make investment and financing decisions. The environmental performance, social responsibility, corporate governance and other factors of the enterprises were fully examined, and the results were presented as Enterprise ESG Scores (a hundred-mark system). Visually displaying the ESG risks of borrowers in different industries, such scores provided reference for the credit process. At the same time, we also regularly monitored the extent to which the ESG evaluation results impacted industries and regions, and applied results in due diligence and project review to industry and regional limits to create an ESG-driven green bank. Developing the ESG evaluation system for corporate customers to serve their sustainabilityAs an active bond issuer in the capital market, we established and improved the sustainability bond-related framework, and actively explored innovative products such as transformation bonds and sustainability- linked bonds. In 2021, we issued the first transformation bonds among global financial institutions, the first biodiversity- themed green bonds among global financial institutions, and the world s first sustainability re-linked bonds. They were a sustainability re-linked bond and five sustainability series bonds that had already been listed in other markets. Innovatively issued by London Branch in October 2021, the sustainability re- linked bond was used to raise funds for sustainability-linked loans. The coupon rate of the bond was indirectly linked to the ESG performance targets (including carbon dioxide emission reductions, unit energy consumption and ESG rating) of the underlying loan and its fluctuating interest rate. Innovating sustainability bonds to support global climate actions We established a regular reporting mechanism for Sustainability Series Bonds. In other words, the capital allocation, environmental and social benefits and other data of qualified projects as well as the Annual Report on Sustainability Series Bonds were regularly disclosed on our official website. Information disclosure Before bond issuance, third-party institutions were invited to conduct certification on the purpose of funds to be raised, the types of projects to be invested and their selection process, and fund management. After the bond issuance and before their maturity, we evaluated the use of funds raised, the performance of the projects invested, the impacts of environmental and social benefits and other aspects on a yearly basis. Assessment of environmental and social benefits We followed the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (2021), the Green Bond Principles (2021) and the Socially Responsible Bond Principles (2021). Bond framework formulation 61 62 63 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsWe actively implemented the concept of responsible investment and incorporated environmental, social and corporate governance-related standards into the investment decision-making process. Basing on the characteristics of asset management, direct investment and other businesses, we made comprehensive use of strategies such as ESG integration and sustainable investment, and worked towards the commitment to realise long-term competitive financial returns and positive environmental and social impacts. The objects with low ESG scores were strictly controlled to participate in wealth management programmes, and those with high ESG scores were given preferential approval policies in this aspect. As at the end of 2021, 85 of BOC Wealth Management s positions were from the entities with medium and high ESG scores, accounting for 94. 9 of the position value. BOCIM BOCIM established an internal ESG evaluation system for fixed income investment and credit research. The internal model of this system involved 19 indicators such as environmental penalties, taxation, production safety and information disclosure violations. The carbon emissions and other environmental databases of external third parties were introduced to this system as well. As at the end of 2021, BOC Asset Investment invested in a total of 21 debt-to-equity swap projects in green industries, with an amount of RMB27. 9 billion. The funds raised would be invested in clean transportation, renewable energy, green buildings and other green projects. During the year, the company led the investment in the Series A and B rounds of financing for Svolt Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and participated in investing in the private equity firm National Green Development Fund Management whose establishment was organised by National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd. BOCI BOCI gradually incorporated ESG into investment management links. ESG factors were considered as risk factors in investment portfolio analysis; external core ESG databases were used in climate scenario-based analysis and stress testing; the ESG exposures of investment portfolios were analysed and monitored on a regular basis; the ESG scores of investment portfolios and individual stocks were updated on a monthly basis; when the score of a position being held was lower than the threshold, an examination would be automatically triggered. ESG integration ESG-related factors and traditional financial considerations are structurally integrated into the investment decision- making processSustainability-themed investment Investment goes to sustainability-themed enterprises or projects to help address environmental or social challengesCapacity Building for Green FinanceWe incorporated the organisation of green finance-related training and R&D projects as our major strategic tasks into our 2021 training plan, and continued to improve our green finance education and training system. By such means as establishing the BOC Green Finance Training Institute, compiling and issuing the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021), and setting up the online green finance learning platform, we comprehensively improved our capacity of serving green development. With great importance attached to green finance training, we coordinated and integrated the education and training resources inside and outside BOC. As at the end of 2021, more than 350, 000 employees benefited from those courses. Preparing the Reader on Green Finance Knowledge We compiled the Reader of Bank of China on Green Finance Knowledge (Version 2021) for employees reference and study. The Reader contains a proposal to the whole staff of BOC, definition of the relevant terms, three major functions and five pillars, major events, and internal and external importance policies of green finance. Organising an open lecture on green finance In January 2021, Professor Zhang Xiliang, Director of the Institute of Energy, Environment and Economy at Tsinghua University, was invited to give an offline lecture themed with Technical Routes to Support Carbon Neutrality Goal in the Head Office of the Bank. Moreover, this lecture was livestreamed to more than 2, 000 persons in charge and key personnel in domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsHolding green finance seminars In May 2021, we held an advanced seminar of BOC Green Finance Academy in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, which was lectured offline by seven experts in green finance, including Dr. Ma Jun, director of Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking. This lecture was attended by nearly 50 executives including chiefs of Head Office departments and deputy general managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking of tier-one branches. Launching the training on green finance business development strategies In June 2021, we launched an offline training course on green finance business development strategies. This course was given by six expert lecturers invited from within and outside the Bank, and attended by 95 persons, including middle-level managers in charge of risk management and corporate banking from 36 branches. Launching the training on green credit identification and statistics In November 2021, the Credit Management Department of the Bank held a training session on green credit identification and statistics through both online and offline means. The training focused on introducing the green statistical standards of the PBOC and the CBIRC, and presented error-prone marking types and cases in simple terms. It was participated by 5, 400 person-times. The courses focused on the professional basic knowledge of green and sustainable finance and practices in different financial service areas. In 2021, the courses were taken by more than 100 employees. The training benefited over 300 employees from business, risk management and compliance departments. The directors and the Senior Management members of the Bank published several articles in People s Daily, China Finance, and 21st Century Business Herald and were interviewed by media, explaining the economic and social challenges and opportunities brought about by carbon peak and carbon neutrality, introducing green finance planning and risk response scheme of BOC and putting forward constructive views and suggestions. In addition to the topics above, Institute of Bank of China timely tracked domestic and international hotspot issues related to green finance, publishing 16 research articles on green finance, carbon finance, ESG and other topics in internal and external publications. The Bank s Industry Research Centre launched 28 reviews and 11 features on hotspot issues related to green finance, in an active endeavour to support green finance development in the Bank and in the domestic and foreign financial sectors. Talent Planning We planned the cultivation of green finance talents in the Green Finance Talent Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period. With the BOC Green Finance Research Institute as the platform, we continuously improved our green finance course system to meet the needs of cultivating various types of talents. Talent training plan Talent team development plan 66 67 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsPromoting Green and Low-Carbon OperationsWe made every effort to respond to the national goals of carbon peak and carbon neutrality. We improved our environmental management system, took actions for green operation and green office, worked faster to achieve comprehensive green transformation, and reduced the environmental impacts from our operations. We started our commitment to operational carbon neutrality in 2021, including more than 11, 000 domestic and overseas branches and comprehensive operation companies in Chinese mainland and another 62 countries and regions in the scope of carbon accounting. By the means such as systematically compiling the greenhouse gas emission inventory and introducing professional third-party carbon accounting teams, we calculated our own operation carbon emissions in a comprehensive manner. In 2021, the emissions Note 1 of domestic and overseas institution and comprehensive operation companies of the Bank totaled 1. 5341 million tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. This project shortened the time for business handling from Exploratory practices towards carbon neutrality This is to certify that Please refer to the disclosure page on www. co. nz for further details. Toit carbonreduce is an annual certification programme and this certificate only remains valid with an annual surveillance audit. Osana Robertson CertifierBank of China (New Zealand) Limited meets the requirements of Toit carbonreduce certification having measured its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the requirements of ISO 14064 -1 2018 and committed to managing and reducing its emissions in respect of the operational activities of its organisation. Date issued 23 12 2021 Valid until 23 12 2024 Certificate Number 2021218J Certification Status Certified organisation Company Address Level 17, Tower 1, 205 Queen Street Auckland, 1010, New Zealand Certification Year Level of Assurance Limited The Carbon Reduce Certificate BOC (New Zealand) obtained three weeks to a few minutes, thus greatly improving the service quality and efficiency, and made business procedures paperless, saving a large amount of paper. This operational carbon accounting referred to scope 1 and scope 2. The specific work included greenhouse gas emission target setting; emission data gathering, verification, analysis and reporting; trading of greenhouse gas quotas and performance of relevant contracts. As a result, the energy efficiency of our major office buildings in the Head Office and Beijing reached the nationally advanced level. We purchased energy-saving products, replacing safety exit indicators, elevator hall lighting, some public area lighting, nightscape lighting and other lighting facilities with LED light sources. We transformed the refrigeration units and some other high-power electrical devices in the Head Office into variable frequency ones to reduce their power consumption. Basing on factors such as the epidemic, weather and the number of people in offices, we improved the regulation and operation plan for air-conditioning equipment. We introduced tap water and domestic hot water to the pantry for less consumption of direct drinking water. We equipped the toilets with new water-saving sanitary ware. We promoted paperless office, made full use of teleconferencing and video conferencing systems, and reduced meeting and business trips. In 2021, the number of video meetings held by the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing reached 3, 321. At the same time, according to the Notice of Planned Water Use Indicators issued by the Beijing Water Conservation Management Centre and the Approval Method for Quotas of Key Carbon Emission Institutions in Beijing issued by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Ecological Environment, we formulated the standards and quantitative control targets for the consumption of standard coal, electricity, water and other resources, as well as the post-evaluation mechanism for these quantitative control targets. Energy saving and emission reduction measuresEnergy conservation transformation Green procurementGreen officeWater-saving transformation Green buildings Note For the Bank s performance in green operations, please refer to pages 114 to 116, the part of ESG Key Performance in this report. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains We encouraged business outlets at all levels to practice green development concepts from three aspects, namely, green construction, green business, and green operation. Through those efforts, we expected to achieve the operational carbon neutrality of a group of outlets. As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, we responded to the Green Olympics concept and formulated the Carbon Neutral Plan of Bank of China for Financial Services for Beijing 2022, ensuring the carbon-neutral financial services for the Games. Environment-friendly building materials were strictly applied to ensure the dust- We comprehensively calculated our carbon emissions in the outlet construction and operations, machinery operation, consumable usage, dining and travelling of personnel and other activities during our support for the Beijing Winter Olympics and Paralympics. This Sub-branch is the first characteristic green finance outlet in Beijing with the international LEED certification and the carbon neutral certification for outlet opening issued by Beijing Carbon Emissions Trading Centre. In the meantime, we adopted a digitised business model for our green transformation. Additionally, we actively advocated green concepts among customers, and worked to create a more environment- friendly operation and service system. We encouraged customers to choose electronic billing and reduce paper bill usage The electronic billing rate across the Bank reached 98. 52, and paper bill printing and mailing only accounted for 1. 48. Electronic bills 69Smart counters With a paperless design covering the entire process, smart counters basically involved zero printing, zero vouchers and zero paper records. In this way, we practiced the concept of green and low carbon, and reduced resource consumption. Smart screens We promoted smart screens on a trial basis, conducting unified release, differentiated delivery and electronic display of outlet marketing information to reduce the use of paper leaflets. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and MountainsParticipating in Global Green CooperationWe actively participated in international cooperation on green development. In this way, we made our voice heard on the international stage of green finance and contributed our wisdom to its development. In 2021, we officially signed the UN Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), and became a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Moreover, we actively performed our responsibilities in relevant task forces, contributed our results of green finance research, and participated in the formulation of international standards. In this way, we worked with all parties to promote win- win cooperation in green development. In the year, we conducted a gap analysis on the relevant requirements of the PRB, and actively formulated environmental and social action targets. Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road We fulfilled our responsibilities as the co-chairman of the Working Group on Green Financial Product Innovation under Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road; actively attended the webinar co-organised by the GIP Secretariat and Astana International Financial Centre, introducing GIP and our green finance practices to financial institutions in Central Asia; and attended the GIP Annual meeting, reporting summaries and plans on behalf of the Working Group. In February 2021, we became a TCFD supporter. In the year, we actively carried out stress testing, carbon footprint measurement and other work, and attended the work related to UK-China Climate and Environmental Information Disclosure Pilot. International Capital Market Association (ICMA) We fulfilled the responsibilities as a member of ICMA s 2020 2021 Advisory Council of the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines. We co-organised many online meetings and seminars, and participated in the translation of relevant guidelines into Chinese. In this way, we promoted green bond standards in the international community and integrated them with Chinese ones at the same time. Other green initiatives and organisations We attended the seminar of domestic technical counterpart working group of International Organisation for Standardisation Technical Committee on Sustainable Finance (ISO TC322), discussing the exposure drafts and expert opinions on relevant international standards; we joined the Technical Expert Group of International Platform on Sustainable Finance Working Group on Taxonomies, promoting the compilation of the Report of Sustainable Finance Common Ground Taxonomy - Climate Change Mitigation. We actively participated in the activities organised by Green Finance Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking, Climate Investment and Finance Association of China Society for Environmental Sciences, etc. We actively attended the UN Biodiversity Conference, the UN Climate Change Conference and domestic and overseas sustainability-related exchange activities, discussing with all parties the cutting-edge trends in green finance, and driving and leading the development of global ecologically friendly banks. Climate Risk Forum hosted by Chinese and American Chambers of Commerce We attended the forum, Tackling Climate Change Together US-China Business Dialogue, co-hosted by China General Chamber of Commerce-USA and the American Chamber of Commerce in China. At this forum, we encouraged both business communities to further cooperate on coping with climate change challenges and promoting their own green transformation. China-EU Green Economic Cooperation and Development Summit This summit focused on issues such as China-EU carbon neutrality and sustainability, China-EU green finance cooperation and corporate green social responsibilities, calling for efforts to strengthen bilateral cooperation in green economy, finance and other fields. Luxembourg Branch released the Green Action Initiative on behalf of the business community. The 26th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP26) Chairman Liu Liange delivered a keynote speech at the international cooperation seminar themed on Addressing Climate Change with Green Finance Support during the conference, and called on financial institutions to strengthen international cooperation, to include green development in their corporate governance systems, and to contribute strength to addressing climate changes and building a shared community of life on earth. General Manager of London Branch introduced the specific measures taken by BOC to support the green transformation. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Pursuing Green Development to Guard Green Waters and Mountains Scan QR Code for VideoSeeking balance between development and survival, one retreats to nature after going through all the hustle and bustle and sees a fairyland in the clear lake. We issued the world s first biodiversity bond to repair, build and balance the ecology. Finance is like fresh water to deliver benefit for all and here I see your presence. From Li Shanshan, an employee of BOC Macau Branch and Olympic gymnastics championTo Green Waters Scan QR Code for VideoEverything grows in the field and where there is field there is food. Your efforts seem to be hardly noticed, but you have provided temporary habitat for birds and comfortable breeding places for creatures; and you bring bumper harvests and silently protect the biodiversity of nature. From Zhou Shuangjian, a trader of the BOC Global Markets Department and the first Mister World in ChinaTo Vast Land I remember that Saihanba used to a wasteland with little grass when I was a child. But today it has grown into a vast grassland. From Li Xuezhong, an employee of BOC Hebei Branch Chengde Weichang Sub-BranchTo Grass Scan QR Code for VideoSince 2009, the environment surrounding the Dianchi Lake has seen significant improvement. The ecosystem in the mountains and forests has taken a brand new look. With the help of finance, the national reserve forest spanning Southwest China has grown into an ecological barrier. From Li Gang, a retiree of BOC Yunnan Branch, a member of the China Association for Photographers in the Financial Industry and Vice Chair of the Yunnan Association for Photographers in the Financial IndustryTo Mountains The sound judgment that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets prompts and guides transformation of the resources. From Lei Xiao, an employee of BOC Zhejiang Branch Huzhou Anji Sub-BranchTo Lakes Let mountain breeze blow afar along the broad highway and let the streams flow through clear courses into rivers to enable more people to be familiar with the breath of nature and make green become the main color of life. A Letter to Nature Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video Scan QR Code for Video 74 75 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 74 75Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities In the new development stage, we have brought into play our unique advantages, and actively taken on the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good. The Group s 14th Five-Year Plan for FinTech was formulated and put into practice. We deepened the reform of our technological systems and mechanisms, streamlined the operation management mechanism and procedures, and improved the synergistic efficiency of lines. The digital capacity of the technological teams was strengthened with the improvement of capability to promote digitalisation. We moved faster in the OASIS project with the enterprise-level technology platform successfully launched. Globalisation According to the One Bank, One Policy strategy, we optimised the allocation of resources and accelerated the overseas promotion of outstanding products and achievements, such as overseas corporate online banking, mobile banking functions and user experience, etc. Integration Taking the technological systems of the Group as a whole, we reinforced top-level design, established and improved IT coordination mechanism for comprehensive operation companies, and actively promoted the cloud migration of the infrastructure of comprehensive operation companies. Promoting IT reform Supporting the implementation of major strategic projects Serving the coordinated development of globalisation and integration 76 77 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 76 The technology innovation management structure and working mechanism were established to improve the performance of large-scale and standardised application. The product innovation management system was developed and the lifecycle management system involving the demand, incubation, pilot, promotion and post-assessment of innovation was further improved. Substantial progress was made in the construction of the innovation research base, and the differentiated authorisation mechanism for innovative research and the open competition mechanism to select the best candidate to lead innovation were also established. The pilot mechanism with moderate tolerance for mistakes was carried out, giving play to the role of the base to stimulate innovative research and transformation of achievements. We moved faster in the future-oriented infrastructure construction of the Group to consolidate the foundation for the safe and smooth operation of information systems. The computer rooms at all regions and cloud environments of various kinds were established and delivered to serve the Head Office and comprehensive operation companies. Greater efforts were made to promote the public cloud platform leasing services, so as to meet the demand for external non-financial support services of strategic scenarios. The achievements of special governance on production safety were further consolidated and the long-effect mechanism of production safety governance was put into practice. The network security prevention and control system and the relevant prevention and control capability were enhanced. The access to and daily management of APPs across the Group were also further standardised. Enterprise-Level Architecture DevelopmentSteady progress in top-level designKey breakthroughs in pilot areas Based on the 14th Five-Year Plan of the Bank, we completed the analysis and refinement of our strategic objectives and initiatives in major business lines, identified the hot spots and pain points of strategic core competitiveness, and mapped out a preliminary panorama of the Group s strategic capabilities; We finalised the planning and design of the enterprise-level business architecture by horizontally sorting and clustering the businesses of the whole bank from the perspectives of internal and external services and professional capabilities; We completed the planning of enterprise-level IT architecture in a platform-oriented, modular and service-based manner, clarified the five-layer IT construction framework, and released the Group s technical standard specification in batches. Digital Transformation of Business Processes We improved the FinTech innovation mechanism and strengthened the efficient cycle from idea collection, prototype incubation, research and pilot, to achievement promotion, with the overall innovation capability greatly enhanced. Fintech Innovation and Application The five functions of machine learning, biometrics, voice recognition, robotics and knowledge base were integrated into one to build a standardised service platform, mainly applied to intelligent business areas such as intelligent investment, operation, marketing, customer service and risk control. A new data governance framework was basically established to continuously accumulate stock data assets and provide support for business applications based on big data. The BOC blockchain technology platform was continuously upgraded, with 12 business applications created and 15 authorised patents for blockchain technologies approved. The business physical management platform was launched and a whole- process management system of physical objects including cash was established, realising the automated and intelligent operation of the storage and delivery of physical objects. Developing a Smart Reach intelligent marketing reach system, accurately matching marketing strategies and targeted customer segments through data analysis, realising customers reach through SMS, micro-banking, mobile banking and wealth manager platforms, and improving the effectiveness of customer service and product recommendations. Agile front office Smart middle office Efficient back office 80 81 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 80 81Providing High- Quality Customer ServicesUpholding the customer-centric service concept, BOC strove to establish a business ecosystem featuring online and offline integration and the seamless linkage between financial and non-financial businesses, with an aim to continuously improve the quality and efficiency of financial services and provide customers with borderless, warm, intelligent and diversified services. Facilitating the People and Enterprises with Digital ServicesPersonal bankingOnline service channels Diversified channels were launched, including the new version of corporate online banking, corporate mobile banking, corporate micro- banking etc. Online payment experience Various corporate payment products such as B2B direct payment, certified payment, agreement payment and pre- authorised payment were launched to support the e-payment needs of different scenarios such as trade and commerce, logistics, aviation and travel, social security funds, etc. Corporate banking Boosting e-CNY development to meet diversified payment needs We played an active role in pushing forward the pilot and promotion of e-CNY to meet the public s demand for the convenience, security, inclusiveness and privacy of retail payment. As at the end of 2021, about 171 new product functions were launched and the number of pilot scenarios amounted to 2. 76 million, covering such fields as living payment, catering service, transportation, shopping and government services, with exponential growth in the number of e-CNY wallets opened. The intelligent service ecosystem of outlets was further diversified to support 296 sub-categories of service scenarios under 57 categories, including digital debit cards, social security cards and digital wallets, deepening online and offline integration. Focusing on the establishment of elderly care service demonstration sites, the Bank launched the elderly version smart counters to provide convenient and exclusive services for the elderly customers. Relying on the mobile account opening service for corporate customers, the Bank supported outlets to provide door-to-door account opening services for micro and small enterprises at favourable prices. Smart screens were launched in outlets to realise the unified management and electronification of various types of promotional information. We developed a staff channel and a digital outlet management platform to promote the building of the professional sequence of outlet teams and to enhance the service capability of outlet personnel. BOC e-CNY programs such as vending machine, coffee machine, gashapon machine and foreign currency exchange machine debut at Western China International Fair We continued to strengthen technology empowerment, deepened the digital transformation of outlets, and promoted intelligent services, digital management and differentiated operation of outlets, in a way to improve the quality of outlet services. Open and win-win ecosystem By cooperating with high-quality merchants, we were able to include payment services in fields of education, medical and people s livelihood, as well as payment scenarios including shopping, tourism, home consumption and charitable donations, which are closely related to people s lives, to the mobile banking client. As at the end of 2021, a total of 332 elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwide. More than 40 activities on the theme of community, medical care, learning and sojourn were held on holidays to make the elderly feel at home. Relying on 5G technology, Sanya Yabei Sub-branch of BOC Hainan Branch launched a smart elderly care platform and three scenario-based functions of university lessons for the elderly, cloud advisor and product demonstration. Establishing demonstrative outlets of pension services Elderly Fashion Show activity at Hongdong Sub-branch of BOC Shanxi Branch Smart screen at the hall of Sanya Yabei Sub-branch of BOC Hainan Branch Drawing on the power of FinTech, we worked persistently to provide more convenient services, integrated customer service awareness into every aspect of our daily work, and delivered professional services and sincere communication to every customer in a heartfelt manner. The online intelligent customer service system was upgraded to cover various online service channels such as mobile banking, micro-banking and the new version of online transaction banking and web portals, with the percentage of intelligent customer service reaching 85. 77. The customer service entrance and interaction logic of the My Customer Service zone in mobile banking was also optimised to provide services anytime and anywhere. A professional customer experience division team was set up and continuously improved by introducing an admission and exit mechanism, certification, performance appraisal, and training and exchange. Customer experience feedback of branches was collected on a quarterly basis to produce a Special Issue on Offline Customer Experience Management Exchange for bank-wide sharing. Questions and improvement suggestions were also collected through the SOPS platform to help continuously improve the customer experience mechanism. elderly care service demonstration sites were built nationwideAs at the end of 2021 a total of 332 84 85 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 84 85Promoting Customer Protection ComprehensivelyPutting customers rights and interests highest on the agenda, we established a Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee under the Board of Directors, which is responsible for reviewing the Bank s consumer protection strategies, policies, objectives, etc., making suggestions to the Board of Directors, and supervising and evaluating the Bank s consumer protection efforts. In addition, we made extensive publicity and education efforts to equip consumers with risk prevention awareness. Our consumer protection training class had more than 60, 000 employees trained throughout the year. With an emphasis on the voice of customers, we took customer feedback as the guide to constantly enhance our products and customer service experience and developed a closed-loop workflow featuring collection - analysis - assessment - improvement. In 2021, by conducting analysis on customer in-calls, we collected a total of 634 pieces of customer feedback and produced 51 analysis reports. The 2021 survey results showed that external customer satisfaction stood at 93, basically unchanged from the previous year. Identifying Customer Needs In 2021, we revised the Management Measure of Bank of China Limited for Customer Complaints and clearly stated the definition, handling and verification of complaints. We also clarified the management system, working mechanism and operating rules of complaints, and strengthened the traceability and rectification, assessment and accountability, and dispute resolution of customer complaints to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. A total of 148, 000 customer complaints were accepted throughout the year, and the completion rate of complaint handling reached 100. In accordance with the principle of financial appropriateness and the regulatory requirements, we formulated the Guidelines of Bank of China limited on Marketing and Publicity Management of Consumer Finance in 2021 to clarify the management framework and code of conduct for marketing and publicity as well as the management responsibilities of business lines and departments, putting in place clear- defined rules and accountability. The above three types of complaints accounted for 76. 5 of the total. Complaints in the above five regions accounted for 27. 2 of the total. Major complaint business category Regional distribution of major complaints 86 87 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling ResponsibilitiesWe highly valued the protection of customers fund safety and considered it as our responsibility. We strengthened precautionary measures and scaled up our efforts in launching education, publicity and warnings activities on anti- fraud and anti-counterfeit currency, in a way to raise consumers awareness of risk prevention. At the same time, we continued to improve the in-event control, upgrade the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system, so as to effectively identify and respond to fraud risk events through the comprehensive application of big data, cloud computing, AI and other financial technologies. In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB15. 070 billion. Preventing Fraud RiskMaking every effort to set up a financial security networkVigorously Protecting Information SecurityImproving management mechanisms and protecting customer privacyApplying information technology and strengthening system security Establishment of regulations and policies We formulated the Management Policy of Bank of China Limited on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China Limited for Protection of Financial Information of Consumers, set up bank-wide framework strategies for customer information protection and management, and clearly defined the division of responsibilities among departments. We proposed the management requirements in the collection, storage, use, transmission, sharing, deletion and destruction of information, and internalised and solidified the relevant requirements of regulations and supervision in the process of system building and business operation. Self-inspection and rectification We conducted self-inspection and rectification of the information protection of personal customers, corporate customers and financial institutions, and pushed forward the risk screening of information security of consumer finance, so as to produce self-inspection reports and establish problem rectification accounts in time. System security assurance We carried out security control over the lifecycle of information systems, including system requirements, design, coding, testing, operation and maintenance, and were able to discover and rectify information system security loopholes in a timely manner through an active risk identification mechanism. Network security defence By deploying defence systems and instruments, improving the system building of data leakage prevention, and establishing business data masking mechanisms, we were able to establish an active and extensive network security defence system. Security team building We set up a network security team and constantly improved the professional capabilities of the team members through skill training and practical exercises. System security test We carried out penetration tests on a regular basis and security tests of online application systems across the entire network environment on an annual basis for loophole scanning. We also cooperated with specialised institutions engaged in network security for security loophole assessment and emergency response. In 2021, the suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system amounted to RMB15. 070 billionWith a keen awareness of risk, staff members of BOC Shenzhen Branch were able to identify fraud risk in time, helping an elderly customer to avoid losses of RMB10 millionBased on the limit control mechanism of corporate online banking and the rapid response of account handling, Binzhou Bincheng Sub-branch of BOC Shandong Branch helped a corporate customer successfully intercept a fraudulent fund of RMB4, 686, 200BOC Hebei Branch successfully helped an enterprise in Cangzhou recover EUR440, 000 equivalent to more than RMB3. 4 million, of a cross-border online telecommunications fraud, retrieving a huge loss of the customer. We actively listened to the voices of young employees and constantly cultivated and explored outstanding talents, with the aim to work hand in hand with employees to create a better future. Course and micro-course establishment By holding seminars on high-quality courses development, we developed 82 high-quality courses in a centralised and independent manner and completed the standardisation of the teacher manual, trainee manual and teaching casebook. We organised exhibition activities for excellent original courses, with 65 high- quality courses recorded and exhibited. Case building We developed a series of cases with Yangtze River Delta characteristics, and organised case and course infrastructure workshops and case development and teaching We formulated an annual talent cultivation plan across the Bank, optimised the BOC training system and mechanism, and expanded and improved the training programme system that empowers the Group, employees, society and customers. Talent CultivationOn the basis of the scientific planning of human resources demand across the Bank, we continued to expand the recruitment scale of college graduates, extensively carried out various forms of campus promotion activities, and improved the campus recruitment Talent Introduction 88Improving training mechanism integration seminars. As a result, a total of 48 teaching cases were developed and put online. Textbook production We completed 23 textbooks, including Green Bond Knowledge Reader, Financial Market Product Manual, Financial English, and Corporate Culture Brochure. The BOC Training Centre cloud platform was created, bringing a new space for digital and intelligent learning, with the total number of visits exceeding 250 million. The Online Book Purchasing Platform for Spare-time Learning of Employees at the Head Office went online, which was designed to allocate the book purchasing quota of employees and support employees to purchase books independently. employees were hired by our domestic institutionsMore than 9, 600process to provide humanised recruitment services. In 2021, more than 9, 600 employees were hired by our domestic institutions, and the global campus recruitment for 2022 was launched, offering 11, 000 job opportunities. Expert lectures We gave play to the role of the external think tank as a strategic advisor to the business development of the Bank, in a way to help managers and employees at all levels to expand their horizons and refresh their mindset and shape a corporate culture encouraging all-staff learning. In 2021, we held six sessions of BOC Grand Lecture, with 36, 000 employees watching the live broadcast online and nearly 42, 000 people participated. Staff learning day The second session of staff learning day themed with Learning for Excellence was held, with Chairman Liu Liange personally giving the first lesson. A total of 149 branches participated, with an average daily visit of 46, 000 people and a total of 4. 24 million clicks on the course. We continuously strengthened the management of professional qualifications with the improvement of professional development pathways. As at the end of 2020, implementation rules (plans) for the management of professional qualifications were issued for 21 professional sectors. More than 6, 200 employees obtained senior professional qualifications, and about 190, 000 employees received middle and junior professional qualifications. New employee development community Facing all employees of the Bank, we implemented an online learning programme of New Employee Development Community and invited the senior management of the Bank to give lectures to new employees. The programme covered 41 domestic institutions with 7, 899 new employees participating in the programme. Key training programmes Career promotion channel people participated BOC Grand Lecture Nearly new employees participating in the programme 42, 000 7, 899 90 91 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities 90 91Employee Care BOC New Zealand regularly organised afternoon tea parties and birthday parties for its employees, held distinctive celebrations during traditional Chinese festivals such as the Spring Festival, Lantern Festival, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid-Autumn Festival, and actively implemented flexible working hours and promoted employee volunteer holidays. BOC Shanxi Branch held a Chinese traditional rice-pudding (Zongzi) wrapping activity during the Dragon Boat Festival to share the happiness of the festival with employees. BOC New ZealandBOC Hebei Branch BOC Shanxi BranchWe actively implemented the requirements of aligning efforts to consolidate and expand the achievements in poverty alleviation with efforts to promote rural revitalisation, and promoted the revitalisation of targeted assistance areas with financial strength. As the assistance pair for the four counties, namely Yongshou, Xunyi, Chunhua and Changwu in Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province ( four counties in Xianyang ), we earnestly implement the requirement of giving a grace period to previously impoverished population, villages and counties, during which poverty alleviation policies and government supervision are continued until their status is secure, and coordinated resources at home and abroad to facilitate the revitalisation of those counties in light of the local actual needs. Using BOC Charity Foundation as the carrier to fulfill public welfare responsibilities, we played an active role in developing the finance philanthropy model, gave full play to the role of the BOC Charity platform, and continuously pushed forward the innovation of the public welfare projects model, with the aim to expand the impact and benefits of public welfare practices and promote the realisation of common prosperity. We also presented agricultural and sideline products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties in posters and videos. Two members from the poverty alleviation team of BOC in Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, also made a special trip to the venue and popularised the characteristic agricultural products from the targeted poverty alleviation counties on the online platform, aiming to help the local who have been lifted out of poverty achieve stable and sustainable income. In the main hall of the CIIE, a special investment business meeting for Xianyang was held in the BOC exhibition hall, creating more opportunities for customers and exhibitors of the CIIE to have an in-depth understanding of the investment policies, business environment, and local features of Xianyang and the four counties in Xianyang. Introducing Xianyang agricultural products into the CIIE We prioritised the regional industry development and brand building in the fruit industry and animal husbandry, focused on improving water supply capability, disaster relief, and pandemic containment to consolidate the achievements in poverty alleviation, paid attention to sewage treatment, garbage disposal, and other actions to improve the rural environment, and attached importance to developing education, health care, and other public services in rural areas to promote balanced development between urban and rural areas. In the year, we invested and channeled a total of RMB107 million funds in those four counties in Xianyang, and carried out almost 100 projects concerning people s livelihood and industrial assistance, directly benefiting more than 30, 000 people. Through those efforts, we contributed to the construction of beautiful villages. Focusing on the implementation of projects in key areas Improving the effectiveness of financial services We developed 12 online courses for the rural revitalisation, covering the interpretation of the relevant policies, fostering of characteristic farming industries, and Internet Plus marketing of agricultural products, and mobilised primary-level cadres, foregoers of the rural revitalisation, technicians in the four counties to take these courses. The training offered access to advance ideas to local cadres and people and equipped them with the ability to propel economic development with financial tools. Further promoting consumption-based poverty alleviation We promulgated the Notice on Further Stepping up Efforts in Consumption-based Poverty Alleviation and the Work Programme of Bank of China Limited to Help Sell Agricultural Products of Xianyang Malan Red Apple, to fully and practically conduct consumption-based poverty alleviation. In the year, we purchased and sold RMB177 million agricultural products of regions getting rid of poverty. We initiated the campaign of adopting an apple tree. A total of 8, 000 apple trees were adopted in the year. In the year, our institutions and employees bought more than 0. 9 million kilograms Xianyang Malan Red Apple that were worth RMB13 million. In 2021, we supported 188 charity donations initiated by 73 organisations through the Bank of China Philanthropy platform, raising a total of RMB17. 3631 million (including the Bank s matching funds) with 160, 000 donations. Bank of China Philanthrophy platform was initiated and established by BOC, and is the online public donation- raising information platform for charitable organisations designated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the PRC. Launched in June 2018, the platform is dedicated to empowering the development of social organisations and creating a good public welfare ecosystem. Relying on the online and offline resources of BOC, the platform built an O2O charity donation-raising model, bringing users a new experience of convenient participation in public welfare. A total of RMB 6. 4 million was raised for the 10 branded charity projects of six charitable organisations through the activity, attracting 66, 000 people to participate in the donation. In 2021, we promoted the age-appropriate transformation of the platform, with the aim to create a user experience of large fonts, concise content and simplified operation for elderly customers. We also invited caring merchants and enterprises around the community to settle in the platform to provide living facilitation for volunteers. BOC Campus Charity is an online donation- raising platform created by Zhongyi Shanyuan for universities to contact alumni, contribute to campuses, and serve society, and provides a package of online and offline services, such as donation-raising consultation, activity planning, project launch, and system operation. The platform practically improved the public image of universities, helped them attain alumni economy and the opportunity of the third distribution, and provided a new path and a new platform for the building of universities and the growth of teachers and students. In 2021, foundations of dozens of universities, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Renmin University of China, and Hunan University, joined the platform. Many leaders or financial staff from more than 50 national charitable organisations participated in the training. Relying on its strengths in FinTech and experience in establishing online public welfare platforms, BOC Financial Technology worked with Yunnan Branch to develop a donation management integrated platform for local red cross society, which integrated online and offline organisational management and money and material donation management. The platform ensured timely and transparent information disclosure while improving the efficiency of internal management, contributing to the development of public welfare undertaking. By enhancing weak links, strengthening faculty building, and fostering characteristics, we were able to pool high-quality educational resources and promote education equality. In collaboration with the China National Centre for Student Assistance Administration of the Ministry of Education, we carried out the Aid Students series of activities for the tenth consecutive year. In 2021, we launched the Rainbow Bridge Red Tour, BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects and BOC Work-study Programme to help young students with their studying, employment and business start-ups. For the eighth consecutive year, we organised customers and employees to subsidise high-school girls in Shaanxi and Yunnan Province through the BOC Private Enjoyment Love - Spring Bud Project, with RMB1. 26 million donations collected to help 315 poverty-stricken students in 2021. Cultural heritage For the 10th consecutive year, BOC London Branch supported the Chinese Bridge Chinese Proficiency Competition for All-UK Region to popularise Chinese culture and facilitate cultural and people-to-people exchanges between China and the UK. BOCHK sponsored the Rites to the World cultural heritage programme of the Hong Kong Institute for Promotion of Chinese Culture to polularise Chinese traditional culture in kindergartens, primary and secondary schools in Hong Kong. Volunteer service We improved the volunteer service mechanism to provide employees with diversified volunteer activities, and encouraged them to carry forward the volunteer spirit and contribute a good atmosphere of actively serving the people. In 2021, the league organisations at all levels carried out more than 520 voluntary service activities of Learning from Lei Feng, with a total of more than 19, 800 youths participants serving more than 100, 000 people and the accumulated service hours exceeding 19, 000 hours. These activities were designed to provide service to teachers and students, community residents, enterprise employees, skilled farmers, elderly people living alone, leftover children, etc. We also played an active role in organising youth volunteers to serve in events such as CIIE, China-ASEAN Expo, CIFTIS, Biodiversity Conference and National Games. Disaster prevention and relief Faced with the resurgence of COVID-19 pandemic and natural disasters of heavy rainfall, we took the initiative to carry out material donation and spontaneously organised volunteer teams to participate in the relief and reconstruction work based on our efforts to provide support to the fight against disaster and ensure the guarantee of financial service. All outlets of the Bank made advance preparation for flood and disaster prevention, provided facilitation to the information sharing channels among outlets, and worked to secure the provision of fundamental financial services, with the aim to prevent the rights and interests of customers from infringement. We created Public Welfare of China, a consumption-based poverty alleviation platform, to continuously power rural revitalisation, made an attempt on the innovative path of Joint Development with Party Building Consumption-based Poverty Alleviation, and relied on the platform of Public Welfare of China to carry out the activity of Party Building Apple Tree Adoption, calling on Party members, officials and employees of the Bank to voluntarily adopt apple trees in the four northern targeted poverty alleviation counties of Shaanxi Province. By accompanying the whole growth process of the apple tree from budding blossoms into plump fruits, all participants were able to be involved in consumption-based poverty alleviation personally and jointly promote the BOC Joint Development with Party Building for Forest Revitalisation. Meanwhile, BOC branches in Shenzhen, Ningbo, Guangdong, Suzhou, Shanghai and Tianjin also called on their employees and customers to join in the adoption activity. As at the end of 2021, a total of 6, 562 apple trees in the four counties in Xianyang were adopted, amounting to RMB1, 065, 840, and 9, 382 boxes of apples were distributed by stages, converging efforts of all to push forward the development of the rural industry. Adopting a tree to help a poverty-stricken farmer household The BOC Adoption Board on the apple tree from the four counties in Xianyang Since the establishment of the BOCHK Charitable Foundation in 1994, BOCHK has actively donated to and participated in charitable activities, with a total donation of over HKD 1. 4 billion (approximately equivalent to RMB1. 14 billion). Caring for society and serving the community 1 2The Food Recovery and Assistance Programme for Food Wise and Allocation was launched to provide free meals to people in remote areas. In the year, BOCHK assisted the recovery of 1, 426 tons of food, benefiting 2. 16 million people. BOCHK supported Towards Carbon Neutrality youth training scheme to help students develop the concept of a low-carbon lifestyle and deepen their understanding of the national goal of carbon neutrality and action plan. Their environmental protection-themed paintings were presented at the 15th session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity. Financial support was provided to the Protecting Wildlife - Sustaining the Planet s Future Programme of Ocean Park Conservation Foundation Hong Kong by funding 13 conservation projects in Hong Kong and Asia, with a total of 19, 000 HK people attracted to participate in the publicity campaign of Ocean Park Conservation Day. In cooperation with 16 social organisations, BOC Hong Kong Volunteer Day was designed to carry out 25 volunteer activities, with the participation of about 4, 000 staff volunteers and over 8, 000 hours of service. Total donation of over HKD1. 4 billion 96 97 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 Serving Society and Fulfilling Responsibilities We actively assumed the responsibility of financial knowledge publicity and education and taken into account the specific needs of different groups such as the elderly people, community public, students and rural people to carry out differentiated publicity and education activities, with an aim to provide accurate and direct access to financial knowledge and enhance the public s financial literacy and ability to protect their own rights and interests. Popularising Financial Knowledge to The Public We published various short videos on the publicity of illegal financial activities prompts, typical cases and anti-fraud via our official website, WeChat public account and WeChat video channel, carried out regular live broadcasts in the silver economy zone of mobile banking to interact with the elderly online, and encouraged outlets to conduct on-site publicity to the elderly from surrounding communities and elderly care institutions. Multiple measures were taken to guide the elderly to raise their prevention awareness to avoid financial fraud. Domestic branches at all levels continued to carry out education activities on the theme of bringing financial knowledge into campus, with a focus on the introduction of trick loans, campus loans and other illegal lending cases involving students, in a bid to help students develop a rational consumption concept and build up an ideological line of defence against fraud and gambling. For the elderly For community For students BOC Guizhou Branch is explaining to the elderly how to prevent telecommunication frauds in a community BOC Guangdong Branch Foshan Sub- Branch launches a publicity activity of bringing financial knowledge into campus BOC Ningbo Branch Xiangshan Shipu Sub- Branch is publicising RMB knowledge in Yanchang Branch of Shipu Town Central Kindergarten We went into the countryside to carry out education activities by spreading financial knowledge such as prevention of online telecommunications fraud, prevention of illegal fund-raising, anti- counterfeit currency and RMB cash services with vivid and real cases and easy-to-understand language. For countryside BOC Hebei Branch launches financial knowledge going into the countryside activity In 2021, we intensified efforts in financial knowledge publicity campaign Launching external education and publicity activities59, 722 copies of education and publicity materialsDistributing 98. 42 million financial consumersReaching 560 million 97 98 99 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 99 98Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) The Bank takes excellent corporate governance as an important objective. It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party s leadership with improvement of corporate governance. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank s corporate governance capabilities. It has constantly pursued the best practice in corporate governance and integrated the Party s leadership with improvement of corporate governance. Optimising Governance Structure BOC Corporate Governance FrameworkShareholders MeetingSticking to the strictest available standards, we kept track on and put into practice the regulatory requirements of the capital market and collated comprehensively and systematically the Articles of Association and rules of procedures of special committees. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby enhancing the Bank s corporate governance capabilities. Board of Directors Board of Supervisors Senior Management (Executive Committee) Board SecretariatBoard of Supervisors Office Strategic Development Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeAsset and Liability Management CommitteeDuty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Risk Management and Internal Control CommitteeFinance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Securities Investment and Management CommitteeAnti-money Laundering Committee Credit Risk Management and Decision-making CommitteeAsset Disposal CommitteeInnovation and Product Management Committee Integrated Operation Coordination Committee Asset Management Business Committee Domestic Branch Development and Coordination Committee Overseas Work Coordination Committee Financial Digitalisation CommitteeConsumer Protection Committee Green Finance CommitteeAudit Committee Audit DepartmentConnected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management CommitteeRisk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee 100 101 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 20212021 55, 101 236, 863 46, 023 17, 400Deepening ESG GovernanceESG performance of the Board of DirectorsESG performance of the Board of SupervisorsESG education and training In 2021, focusing on ESG-related topics such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection and targeted poverty alleviation, the Board of Directors considered and adopted many proposals, which included the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, the Green Finance Plan of Bank of China Limited for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, the Inclusive Finance Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, the Consumer Protection Policy, and the Application of Special Outbound Donations for Fixed-point Poverty Alleviation. At the same time, it also heard such reports as the Report on the Implementation of the Three- year Development Plan for Private Enterprises, the Report on the Development of Green Finance for 2020, and the Report on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection for 2020. In the year, the Board of Supervisors considered and adopted a series of proposals, including 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited, Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Evaluation of Duty Performance of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and its Members in 2020, and Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Protection of the Bank. The Board of Supervisors oversaw the fulfillment of ESG obligations of the Bank. Employee participants of ESG training Employee participants of inclusive finance trainingEmployee participants of information security and privacy protection trainingEmployee participants of risk compliance and anti-money laundering training 102 103 Stabilising Governance and Building a Solid Foundation for Development Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 102 Improving Risk Management SystemWe adhered to the bottom line of risk, considered risk management as the lifeline for the sustainable development of commercial banks, and took stringent risk management and control as the driving force for the steady development of the Bank. In 2021, in the face of the complex internal and external situations, we earnestly implemented the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee, promoted development and security in parallel, deepened the development of a comprehensive risk management system, and accelerated the digital transformation of risk management. As a result, we ushered into a new stage of comprehensive risk management and achieved steady progress in the refinement and specialisation of risk management, providing a strong guarantee for the building of a first-class global banking group. We interconnected the risk management elements of risk governance, strategy, appetites, limits, policies, procedures, systems, data, internal control and audit to create a risk management structure with effective check and balance and clear boundaries. From the horizontal perspective, we strengthened the comprehensive risk management at the Group s level, institutional level and product level. From the vertical perspective, we improved the building of three lines of defence for risk management, specifically by solidifying the primary responsibilities of risk management of the first line of defence, enhancing the independence, authority and professionalism of the second line of defence, and increasing the effectiveness of audit supervision and evaluation at the third line of defence. Through in-depth research and comprehensive demonstration, we developed the risk management sub-plans and strategies, and strengthened the subject consciousness of comprehensive risk management. Management structureEnhancing prevention capability of major risks Advancing the digitalisation of risk management Operation mechanismWe deepened the application of AI, blockchain, intelligent contracts and other technologies, promoted the in-depth integration of risk and business and technology, and increased the penetration of multi-dimensional and all- around risk management, in a bid to create an automatic and real-time comprehensive risk management system. By leveraging big data and AI technology to conduct in-depth mining and analysis of market price data, we achieved forward-looking research and evaluation on listed companies and debt-issuing enterprises. The model implemented early warning to 70 of defaulting enterprises in the market and provided warning 3 15 months in advance to those spoiler enterprises with high market impact. The model incorporated customers affiliated enterprises outside the banking sector into the monitoring scope, made use of intelligent algorithms to quantify the risk impact of risky events on the affiliated enterprises, and conducted in-depth analysis on the transmission pathway of risks. We integrated various kinds of big data of risks inside and outside the Bank to form a list of high-risk enterprises, providing each business line and comprehensive management company with functions such as one- click risk inquiry, batch scanning of customer risks and affiliates risk inquiry. At the same time, we strengthened the effectiveness of the first and second lines of defence in duty performance, enhanced the supervision on the rectification of problems identified in audits, and continuously pushed ahead the development of the audit line as well as the digital transformation of audit. Solidifying the risk liability concept of the whole staff We integrated risk management into the corporate culture and the code of conduct of employees, with the aim to foster a risk liability concept of every employee should regard himself as the only line of defence, and every line of defence should serve as the last line of defence. By organising regular debriefing and introducing various forms of training, we looked to improve the professionalism and duty performance of executive vice presidents responsible for risk management and their assisting personnel, and strengthen the management of employees in risk control positions. As at the end of 2021, the certificated risk management professionals of the Bank amounted to 11, 919. Establishing risk management culture We formulated the Work Plan for Enhancing Risk Awareness and Establishing a Sound Risk Culture, which was designed to steadily promote the establishment of risk culture in a layered manner through 20 measures in seven aspects, including risk publicity, whole-staff training, rectification and accountability, policy and system building, assessment and motivation, selection and appointment, and supervision and inspection, etc. In 2021, a total of 12 seminars on China s financial risk managers, 12 lectures on results exchange, and one advanced qualification training course were conducted. Comprehensive Risk Management SystemBased on the programmatic document of the Policy of Bank of China Limited for Comprehensive Risk Management, we further formulated the Optimisation Plan for the Comprehensive Risk Management System of the Group. Focusing on the general guideline of improving governance structure, clarifying responsibilities and functions, upgrading the management foundation and empowering business development, we endeavoured to build up the core competitiveness of risk management, put in place all improvement measures, and strengthen all kinds of risk management requirements covering all institutions, businesses and the whole process, with an aim to improve the risk management system in all aspects. We effectively standardised the case prevention and communication mechanism, as well as evaluation, motivation and constraint mechanisms, so as to solidify the foundation of case prevention and control management in all aspects. Macau Branch organises a compliance lecture We carried out in-depth warning and education activities, organised the heads of institutions at all levels to sign the Responsibility Statement on Case Prevention and Control Objectives and employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment, and scaled up the publicity of preventing financial practitioners from breaking the law and committing crimes. At the same time, relying on the BOC training cloud platform, we cultivated compliance culture, launched courses such as knowledge manuals, special courses, case studies and live lectures, and conducted training and tests and one-to- one compliance knowledge competitions to convey the Group s compliance concepts and management requirements to domestic and overseas employees. In line with the Regulations on the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fund-raising issued by the State Council, we formulated the Notice on Further Strengthening the Prevention and Disposal of Illegal Fund-raising to clarify the requirements for monitoring the prevention of illegal fund-raising and enhance staff education and social publicity. We developed AML control policies such as the Policy of Bank of China Limited on Anti- money Laundering, Counter-terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance to continuously optimise the self-assessment methods and indicators of money laundering risk and enhance the risk monitoring of suspicious accounts involving virtual currencies and telecommunication frauds. At the same time, we paid close attention to changes in the sanctions situation, benchmarked with domestic and overseas regulatory requirements and advanced peer practices, and constantly improved the Group s sanctions compliance management system, so as to effectively control the sanctions compliance risks. Targeting directors, senior management and employees, we regularly conducted anti- money laundering and sanctions compliance training on topics such as the international situation, regulatory requirements and interpretation of Group policies. In compliance with the local law and regulations and the policy requirements of the Head Office, we established a list of core policies management mechanism, further standardised the policy system of overseas institutions, strengthened the ability to deal with the complex external environment, and made intensified efforts to strengthen the risk management of anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance in overseas institutions. At the same time, we formulated the Several Opinions on Further Strengthening Overseas Compliance Management, Guidelines on Management of Important Compliance Matters in Overseas Institutions and Administrative Measures for Key Personnel in Compliance Management of Overseas Institutions, establishing the concept, principles, major control areas and requirements of overseas compliance management, and improving the management mechanism and process of key personnel in compliance management of overseas institutions. We remained mindful of the country s most fundamental interest, made enhancing the Party politically the guiding principle, adhered to the theoretical guidance of the Party as the starting point, and took primary-level standardisation as the solid foundation. We earnestly safeguarded the integrity line, paid close attention to work implementation, and continued to promote the high-quality development of Party building, so as to provide a strong impetus and solid guarantee for the building of a first-class global banking group. In accordance with the general requirements of learning Party history to obtain knowledge, strengthen confidence, honor morality, and practice diligently, we conducted thematic learning, special Party class, special publicity, special Party organisation meetings, and special Party branch meetings around the mobilisation meeting of Party history study and education, the ceremony marking the centenary of the Communist Party of China, and three key points of the six plenary session of the 19th CPC Central Committee. We actively developed the second class of Party history study and education, made great efforts to popularise the great founding spirit of the Party, and organised the commendation ceremony for outstanding Party members, exemplary Party workers and advanced community-level Party organisations, as well as thematic publicity and education activities such as Always Following the Party. matters listed by the Party Committee of the Head Office, 273 measures committed by Party branches of the Head Office, and 2, 459 projects put forward by domestic tier-1 branches and comprehensive operation companies were all concluded as required. Prioritising Party building Strengthening theoretical guidance Strengthening theoretical guidance Comprehensively improving Party conducts and enhancing Party disciplineSolidifying primary-level organisationsWe continued to give top priority to the Party s political building and firmly upheld Comrade Xi Jinping s core position on the CPC Central Committee and in the Party as a whole, and upheld the Central Committee s authority and our centralised, unified leadership. We also leveraged the Fuxing No. 1 smart Party building platform to boost our IT application, and compiled and published more than 100, 000 books of party building s four books, two reports and one collection series, which were distributed to 18, 000 party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guide. Compiled and published more than books of party building s four books, two reports and one collection series party organisations to provide them with system basis and operational guideDistributed to We stepped forward in improving the Party s conduct and enforcing Party discipline to promote a cleaner and healthier political ecosystem of the Party. As part of our efforts to resolutely crack down on corruption, we strengthened our oversight and constraint efforts, enhanced the accountability of supervision and discipline enforcement. We further improved the work system of arming all Party members and educating officials and employees with the Party s innovative theories, and gave full play to the demonstrative and leading role of the Theoretical Learning Group of the BOC Party Committee at all levels. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance ESG Key Performance Environmental Performance Green financial development Indicator 2021 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion)14, 086 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )57 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic green bonds (RMB100 million)1, 294 Underwriting scale of issuance of overseas green bonds (USD100 million)234 Accumulated issuance scale of green bonds over the years (USD100 million)107 Note 1 The greenhouse gas emission from the operation of the Group during 2019-2021 was mainly incurred by energy consumption and included the emissions within Scope 1 and Scope 2. Scope 1 refers to the direct emissions from combustion of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal and coke. Scope 2 refers to the indirect emissions embodied in electric power and heat consumption. The Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing set water consumption target and developed their own water use plan and water conservancy plan each year as per the Notice on the Planned Water Use Indicator issued by the Beijing Water Conservancy Management Centre. Water consumption target for the Head Office and other three offices based in Beijing in 2021 was 386, 672 cubic meters. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Proportion of credits to brown industries in corporate loans Proportion of total credits to brown industries accounted for less than 10 of corporate loansCoal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Chemicals Cement Steel Non-ferrous metals Thermal power generation Civil aviation Other sectors Coal Paper manufacturers Petrochemicals Thermal power generation Civil aviationCement Steel Non-ferrous metals ChemicalsSewage and waste management The Bank classified and recycled waste from daily office work and operation, including domestic waste, kitchen waste and toxic waste. A waste management task force was set in the Head Office. Kitchen waste, toxic and hazardous waste and other waste were handled by a third party with such qualification for dissolving and absorbing in compliance with regulations. In 2021, the Bank completed the establishment of demonstrative units for domestic waste classification among central CPC and government departments. Domestic waste classification knowledge was popularised among 100 of the employees in the Bank and the output of domestic waste per capita achieved zero growth. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)6. 34 0 5. 1 Discharge of non-hazardous waste (tons)1, 120 1, 064 1, 127Proportion of credits to other sectors accounted for more than 90 of corporate loansfor Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Public Building Operators (Provisional) and Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Land Transport Enterprises (Provisional) issued by National Development and Reform Commission, carbon dioxide emission factors of China's regional power grids issued by State, and the electric power emission factors issued by overseas regions, based on the accounting scope proposed in the ISO14064-1 Greenhouse Gases-Part 1 Specification with Guidance at the Organization Level for Quantification and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals and the Greenhouse Gas Accounting System WRI. Proportion of Credits to Brown Industries in Corporate Loans decreased every year in 2017-2021 Green credit environmental benefits Indicator 2021 CO2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)25, 380 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 385 Water conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)12, 992 Standard coal conservation attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)11, 702 COD emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)67 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)52 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green loans (10, 000 tons)1, 3745. 00 17. 00 13. 00 9. 00 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021Note 1 10 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group during 2019-2021. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas and liquefied natural gas by the canteens in office places, electric power was by office places and data center, and heat by the heating of office places in northern China. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 754, 463 2, 717, 945 2, 825, 765 Gasoline consumption (ton) 12, 400 12, 658 14, 870 Diesel oil consumption (ton) 463 482 646 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m )1, 779 1, 638 1, 833 Electrical power consumption by offices (MWh)1, 279, 768 1, 164, 930 1, 156, 660 Electric power consumption by the Data Centre (MWh)506, 101 585, 547 661, 133 Heat consumption (MkJ) 2, 214, 424 2, 251, 532 2, 218, 428 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters)29, 478 36, 514 44, 228 Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh)123, 482 121, 812 122, 118Energy Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e)1, 534, 060 1, 512, 554 1, 587, 180 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 179, 309 77, 214 88, 718 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 21, 454, 751 1, 435, 340 1, 498, 463 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO2e FTE)4. 99 4. 89 5. 12Greenhouse gas emission 110 111 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Materials and packing Human resources structureCaring of occupational health Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Office paper consumption (tons)65. 1 53. 4 59. 74 Paper conservation (tons) -11. 7 6. 34 -11. 74 Number of credit cards issued this year (10, 000)332. 83 679. 39 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (10, 000)1, 561. 41 Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million)3. 96 2. 57 Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees receiving physical examination in the Head Office4, 985 4, 144 4, 179 Number of occupational injury cases involving employees of the Head Office3 7 Number of deaths in line of duty at the Head Office0 0 Workdays lost due to work- related injury100 Employee turnover Indicator 2021 Employee turnover ( ) 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( ) 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( ) 2. 6Indicator 2021 2020 Percentage of employees trained ( ) 97. 01 95. 89 Number of female employees participating in training175, 377 174, 054 Number of male employees participating in training130, 847 127, 438 Number of senior management personnel participating in training14, 293 15, 948 Number of mid-level management personnel participating in training265, 698 321, 541 Number of non-management employees participating in training2, 383, 705 2, 161, 168 Average length of employee training (hours)48. 32 59. 35 Average length of female employee training (hours)51. 74 62. 1 Average length of male employee training (hours)45. 83 55. 6 Average length of training participated by the senior management (hours)46. 3 51. 24 Average length of training participated by the mid-level management (hours)61. 99 87. 92 Average length of training participated by non-management employees (hours)41. 92 58. 8 Number of registered users on the BOC training cloud platform315, 674 314, 411 Number of average monthly active users on the BOC training cloud platform234, 170 137, 331 Number of courses provided on the BOC training cloud platform25, 072 14, 463 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (person-times)2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)43. 55 40. 63Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of employees 306, 322 309, 084 309, 384 Number of male employees 131, 387 131, 916 132, 169 Number of female employees174, 935 177, 168 177, 215 Number of employees in the mainland of China280, 908 283, 312 284, 044 Number of expatriates 2, 051 1, 956 1, 877 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan19, 445 19, 495 19, 205 Number of local employees at overseas institutions23, 992 24, 370 23, 463 Number of new employees of the year10, 221 11, 468 10, 289Note The data of office paper consumption and paper conservation only covers the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Employee protection Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees ( )57. 11 57. 32 57. 28 Percentage of female mid- to-senior-level managers ( )30. 79 33. 24 Percentage of male mid-to- senior-level managers ( )69. 21 66. 76 The Bank treated all employees equally and set no discriminative condition on the basis of gender, nationality or physical disease for social recruitment, campus recruitment, and internal promotion and appointment, ensuring openness, fairness and equality. It fully respected and protected the legitimate rights and interests of employees through signing employment contracts, launching collective consultation and holding workers congress. The Bank cared for employees physical and mental health, provided diversified health care, and advocated healthy lifestyles. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Investments into employee training (in RMB10, 000)81, 386 53, 804 79, 217 Employees trained 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 2, 927, 903 Excluding employees learning online by themselves. Employee education and training Focused on business development and employee growth, the Bank built a system for six internal training programmes, namely Party school training, strategic task training, key talent training, post competency training, routine business training and comprehensive quality training. Besides, the Bank planned leadership training, and trained managers at senior, medium and primary levels systematically. Moreover, the Bank improved incentives for learning in employees spare time, encouraged them to learn on the job and created a learning culture for them. Social PerformanceNumber of minority employees13, 260 13, 073 12, 843 Number of employees aged 30 and below66, 995 73, 355 Number of employees aged 31 50185, 917 189, 454 Number of employees aged above 5053, 410 46, 275 Number of employees from campus recruitment9, 610 9, 218 Number of employees from social recruitment611 1, 005 Number of interns accepted 665 517 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications6, 280 4, 308 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications196, 000 35, 000 Percentage of scientific and technical personnel ( )3. 07 2. 49 112 113 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Customer privacy protection Under the coordinated planning, guidance and arrangement of the Board of Directors and the consumer protection committee under the Executive Committee, the Bank improved the customer information protection mechanism by formulating and refining policy documents such as the Management Policy of Bank of China on Customer Information Protection and the Management Measures of Bank of China for Consumer Financial Information Protection. It also formulated and updated the privacy policy on consumer products and services, and strengthened the protection of customer funds, accounts and information. Moreover, the Bank strictly standardised the handling of personal information of consumers, held training in personal customer information protection and strengthened internal training assessment and personnel management to protect the information security right of consumers. In 2021, the Bank organised investigations of consumer financial information security risks, carried out comprehensive self-inspection and rectification of related information protection, including comprehensive investigation of consumer financial information protection and special investigation of consumer financial information protection of partner institutions, and formed self- inspection reports and problem rectification history log. At the same time, the Bank benchmarked its compliance standards against the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, analysed gaps and took corrective measures timely. Focusing on sensitive personal information processing, cross-border information transmission, information owner rights response, partner organisation management and other dimensions, the Bank reviewed the status quo and conducted re-inspection to improve and clarify relevant mechanisms and norms. The contents of advertising are true and legal, and do not exaggerate or deceive or mislead consumers. The ideas of advertisements are healthy and uplifting and deliver positive energy. Advertising products delivered overseas abide by local laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, and respect local customs and culture. Product risk management The Bank formulated the Management Measures for Products of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and the Management Measures for Product risks of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021). Guided by the principles including lifecycle management, three lines of defense management, controlled risks, differentiated management and digital management and control, the Bank identified management requirements for different stages such as new product access, product duration, stop selling and exit market. The scope of product management was expanded from commercial bank product management to group-wide product management, from new product management to lifecycle management and from self-run product management to self-run and consigned product management, thus achieving full-covered product management. At the same time, the Bank upgraded the organisational structure of product management, clarifying the supervision and management responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Management. For new products, product department was required to carry out risk self-assessment during product access, risk management department shall propose risk control measures and issue review Prevent fraud risk With big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and other technologies, the Bank continued to advance the building of a digital fraud risk prevention system and improve the real-time anti- fraud capability in online finance. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (in 10, 000)87. 90 52. 00 34. 30 Amount of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Network Defence system (RMB100 million)150. 70 119. 84 82. 39Support social development Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Donations (RMB million) 98. 54 162. 28 117. 6 Social contribution per share Note 1 (RMB)2. 60 1. 98 1. 86 Balance of loans granted to poverty-stricken areas (RMB100 million)3, 608. 76 3, 028. 88 Balance of government- sponsored student loans Note 2 (RMB million)2, 139 2, 191 2, 365 Amount of government- sponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB100 million)250. 72 246. 12 240. 53 Amount of pension funds in the Bank s custody (RMB100 million)1, 415. 45 1, 017. 92 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s management Note 3 (in 10, 000)367. 59 341. 36 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB100 million)7835. 02 5, 928. 72 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public59, 722 22, 211 Number of people receiving financial education (in 10, 000)56, 295 9, 997 Number of anti-counterfeit money education events (in 10, 000)5, 600 5, 600 Number of customers receiving anti-counterfeit money education (in 10, 000)1, 225 212 Number of anti-counterfeit money materials distributed (10, 000 copies)277 244 Note 1 The calculation method of Social contribution per share has adjusted since 2021. Governance Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total assets (RMB million) 26, 722, 408 24, 402, 659 22, 769, 744 Operating income (RMB million)605, 717 567, 647 550, 010 Operating expenses (RMB million)226, 355 202, 411 198, 269 Total profit before income tax (RMB million)276, 620 246, 378 250, 645 Profit for the year (RMB million)227, 339 205, 096 201, 891 Return on average total assets ( )0. 89 0. 87 0. 92 Return on average equity ( )11. 28 10. 61 11. 45 Capital adequacy ratio ( ) 16. 53 16. 22 15. 59 Non-performing loans to total loans ( )1. 33 1. 46 1. 37 Income tax expense (RMB million)49, 281 41, 282 48, 754 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million)2, 225, 153 2, 038, 419 1, 851, 701Value creation Closely following the financial services demand of global customers, the Bank steadily pushed forward outlet and e-channel construction and stepped up efforts in building outlets in rural and county regions to practice the concept of inclusive finance. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of mobile banking customers (in 10, 000)23, 518 21, 055 18, 082 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB trillion)39. 38 32. 28 28. 28 Number of monthly active users of mobile banking APP (in 10, 000)7, 104. 41 6, 031. 09 4, 768. 49 Number of operating outlets in the mainland10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of intelligent outlets 10, 382 10, 487 10, 652 Number of ATMs 27, 729 33, 314 37, 331 Number of smart counters 32, 367 31, 960 30, 425 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tablet-version smart counters10, 853 Service channelsopinions on product risk assessment and product launch, and product department shall implement differentiated launch approval according to product risk level. For duration products, product department was required to carry out product re-inspection and evaluate products in terms of product characteristics, operation conditions, market environment, customer demands, policy requirements, risk changes and other aspects, while risk management department shall review risk assessment results of the products launched within one year, key stock products and the products with elevated risk level after re-inspection, issue comprehensive risk assessment reports and propose risk control suggestions for other re-inspected products. At the same time, the Bank formulated the Performance Assessment Index for Product Management in 2021, set negative marking items (2 points each) concerning new product assess, monitoring reports, product re- inspection, risk review and other dimensions, and integrated them into comprehensive risk management assessment. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance DirectorsShareholders MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Liu Liange 2 2 13 14 Liu Jin 0 0 5 7 Wang Wei 2 2 13 14 Lin Jingzhen 2 2 14 14 Xiao Lihong 2 2 14 14 Wang Xiaoya 2 2 14 14 Zhang Jiangang 2 2 14 14 Chen Jianbo 2 2 14 14 Wang Changyun 2 2 13 14 Angela Chao 1 2 12 14 Jiang Guohua 2 2 13 14 Martin Cheung Kong Liao2 2 13 14 Chen Chunhua 2 2 12 14Special Committees Chairman of Committee Strategic Development Committee Liu Liange Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeChen Chunhua Audit Committee Jiang Guohua Risk Policy Committee Wang Changyun Personnel and Remuneration CommitteeChui Sai Peng Jose Connected Transactions Control CommitteeMartin Cheung Kong Liao Indicator NumberPercentage ( ) Board members 15 Executive directors 4 26. 7 Non-executive directors 5 33. 3 Independent directors 6 40. 0 Male directors 11 73. 3 Female directors 4 26. 7 Directors aged 31 50 2 13. 3 Directors aged above 50 13 86. 7 Directors holding doctor s degree 8 53. 3 Directors holding master s degree 7 46. 7 Foreign director 1 6. 7 Directors with work experience in economy15 15 Directors with work experience in finance 15 15Indicator 2021 2020 Number of publicly disclosed documents 388 355 Including Documents issued at A share market126 123 Including Chinese documents issued at H share market132 127 Including English documents issued at H share market130 105 Number of events for communication with investors419 490 Including Investor conferences held 178 179 Including Investor hotlines answered 111 122 Including Responses to enquiries posted on e-interaction online platform run by SSE57 91 Including Responses to emails through the IR mailbox73 98Indicator 2021 2020 Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements Note 1 (RMB million)881, 502. 25 611, 661. 62 Growth rate of the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements ( )53. 15 48. 12 Growth rate of loans for micro and small enterprisesNote 2 ( )33. 60 21. 43 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises (RMB100 million)25, 560. 85 19, 131. 77 Balance of loans for micro and small enterprises as proportions of the total balance of all loans of the Bank ( )19. 97 16. 77 Number of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans644, 037 497, 300 Growth rate of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans ( )29. 51 10. 19 Balance of loans for small and medium- sized enterprises (SMEs) Note 3 (RMB100 million)42, 935. 60 37, 417. 55 Growth rate of loans for SMEs ( ) 14. 75 11. 09Note 1 Inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements By the standard of the CBIRC, they refer to the loans for micro and small enterprises with the total single-account credit amount of RMB10 million or below. Note 2 Micro and small enterprises They refer to the small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and micro and small business owners by the standard of the CBIRC. Director independence In 2021, the Bank had 6 independent directors, accounting for 40 of total directors, who were selected from personalities at home and abroad. Independent directors did not assume any other position at the Bank, and were not subject to the influence of the Bank s substantial shareholders, de facto controller or any other institution or individual that had a major stake in the Bank. At the same time, the Bank requires in its Articles of Association that directors, who have a stake in the enterprise involved in the matter reviewed at the Board meeting, may not vote on the matter, and that resolutions made at the Board meeting shall be passed by more than half of the directors who do not have a stake in the matterNote 1. As at the end of 2021, chairmen of special committees of the Board other than the Strategic Development Committee were assumed by independent directors. Information disclosure and communication with investors The Bank continued to improve the information disclosure management policy system. In 2021, the Bank held 14 meetings of the Board of Directors in total, during which time the average attendance rate of the Board of Directors was 94, and 108 proposals were reviewed. Meanwhile, upon authorisation, committees of the Board of Directors vigorously assisted the Board of Directors in duty performance. At the same time, the Bank provided a total of 10 training sessions for Board members throughout the year, with 73 person-times participation directors and 14 hours of training per Board member. Number of meetings attended in person number of meetings convened during term of office Meetings are held in the form of onsite meeting or via written resolution. Number of outlets in national- level rural revitalisation assistance countiesNote 134 32 29 Number of county-level outlets2, 934 2, 981 3, 016 Coverage ratio of county-level institutions ( )62. 52 62. 07 61. 42 Rate of counters substituted by scenarios ( )92. 90 96. 24 96. 13 Electronic reconciliation rate ( )98. 52 97. 80 96. 64 Costs of bill mailing reduced (RMB100 million)4. 89 4. 19 3. 66Chui Sai Peng Jose2 2 12 14 Former Directors Wang Jiang 1 1 0 1 Zhao Jie 2 2 14 14 116 117 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance Clean office and anti-corruption The Bank was committed to preventing integrity risk, resolutely punished corruption, established a sound monitoring and restraint mechanism for key areas such as credit management, non- performing loan disposal and centralised procurement, and kept a tough anti-corruption stance. It deepened the building of a long- effect anti-corruption mechanism, adhered to the principle of not daring to corrupt, not being able to corrupt and not wanting to corrupt, promoted Bank-wide special prevention and control, stepped up the investigation and punishment of violations of laws and disciplines, and improved the mechanism of power restriction. Attaching great importance to the integrity building and anti- corruption supervision of overseas institutions, the Bank established a leading mechanism for integrity risk prevention and control and corruption governance in overseas institutions, overseas institutions strengthened their anti-corruption efforts and risk prevention and control in the light of the actual situation in local countries and regions. Citizens, legal persons or other organisations can report facts and give opinions through phone calls, letters, visits, etc. All those efforts were to process letters, phone calls and visits received and listen to opinions, suggestions and appeals of people. Safeguarding intellectual property rights The Bank strictly complied with the Trademark Law of the People s Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People s Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People s Republic of China and other laws and regulations. It advocated the concept of intellectual property rights protection, applied for and protected trademarks, patents and other intellectual properties in line with the Bank s intellectual property rights management measures. Meanwhile, the Bank showed full respect to intellectual property rights of others and paid attention to the prevention of infringement of intellectual property rights. Procurement practice In 2021, the Bank amended the Charter of Centralised Procurement Management Committee of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Management Measures for Procurement of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and other documents to further improve procurement review mechanisms, optimise procurement implementation process and strengthen substantive control over procurement risks with the goals of intensify supervision and control risks. It promoted open, transparent and standardised procurement, primarily adopted public tenders, strictly controlled single source procurement, and organised all employees in centralised procurement centre of the Head Office to sign the Code of Conduct of Procurement Personnel for Clean Practice, in a bid to strengthen the oversight, management, discipline and accountability of procurement. In 2021, one supplier s questions were accepted and handled by the Head Office. The Bank implemented the national policies Regulations on Ensuring Timely Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and the Notices on Strengthening Support to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, formulated the Management Measures for Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers of Bank of China (Version 2020), the Special Agreement Between Bank of China Limited and Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management on Payments to Private Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, and concluded special agreement with SME suppliers, in a bid to optimise payment conditions and process and ensure timely payments to SMEs. At the same time, it safeguarded the right of SME suppliers to equally participate in bids. Public online tenders, public invitation of tenders were adopted for procurement projects, in which micro and small enterprises meeting requirements all have eligibility and opportunities to bid. While proposing requirements on the basic eligibilities of qualified suppliers, the Bank did not have any other requirement on the registered capital or scale of the enterprises except for a few projects with special requirements. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total number of centralised procurement projects13, 961 12, 995 15, 095 Budget amount involved in centralised procurements (RMB100 million)292. 49 288. 15 312. 88 Number of suppliers of the Head Office1, 087 1, 082 Including Proportion of suppliers in the Chinese mainland ( )90 Proportion of suppliers in outside the mainland ( )10 Coverage ratio of supplier review ( )100 100 Environmental and social assessment for suppliers Responding to challenges of the COVID-19 pandemicThe Bank incorporated responsible procurement into supplier selection, procurement, evaluation, supplier management, contract signing and other links. The Bank evaluated suppliers commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility during supplier inspection and project review. In addition to the written commitments of suppliers, the Bank also investigated their environmental protection equipment and measures, labor contract signing, social security payment, office environment, labor protection measures and other conditions during the investigation of specific project, and considered these factors in the process of review. In comparison, overseas outbreaks continued to occur frequently, with the prevention and control situation remaining grim and complex. Through the development of relevant systems, the transaction processing workload of pandemic-affected branches could be directly undertaken by other branches, thus effectively ensuring continuity in credit operation. Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Supplier social responsibility training sessions held3 1 Compliance and business ethics The Bank required its employees to abide by business ethics, organised employees to sign the Letter of Compliance Commitment and carried out the study of policies such as the Measures for Handling Employee Violations, so as to channel employee management standards deep into the Bank. At the same time, the Bank organised regular investigation into abnormal behaviors of employees and timely intercepted case risk. Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2021 ESG Key Performance 119 118OutlookUshering in 2022, Bank of China will remain committed to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, act on the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, assume its responsibilities and missions as a large state-owned bank, contribute to the stability of the macro economy, and put in place and deepen the requirements of the supply-side structural reform in the financial sector. The Bank will coordinate the prevention and mitigation of financial risks with its efforts to serve the real economy, and build a first-class global banking group while bridging China and the world for the common good. Focusing on the eight major priority fields and contributing to the stability of the macro economy The Bank will apply the new development philosophy of innovation, coordination, green development, opening up and sharing in a full, accurate and comprehensive manner and focus on the development of eight major priority fields, namely, technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, cross-border finance, consumer finance, wealth finance, supply chain finance and county-level finance, to build up a new service image of BOC. Realising the goals of peaking carbon emission and carbon neutrality and pursuing green development Closely following the development goal of peaking carbon emission and achieving carbon neutrality, the Bank will optimise the sustainable financial business system and enhance its green and integrated service quality, so as to build itself into the first-choice bank for green financial services. GRI 101 Foundation 101Principles for defining report content and principles for defining report quality120 General Disclosures 102-1 Name of the organisation 6 102-2 Brands, products, and services 6 102-3 Location of headquarters 131 102-4 Number of countries where the organisation operates 6 102-5 Nature of ownership and legal form 6 102-6 Markets served 2-3, 6 102-7 Scale of the organisation 6, 113 102-8 B1. 1 Information on employees and other workers 110-111, 114-115 102-9B5 General disclosures B5. 2A description of the organisation s supply chain 116-117 102-10significant changes to the organisation s size, structure, ownership, or supply chain during the reporting period20-39, 46-53, 75-83 102-11Whether and how the organisation applies the Precautionary Principle or approach54-58, 102-103 102-12Externally-developed economic, environmental and social charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organisation subscribes, or which it endorses. Governance 102-18 Governance structure of the organisation 99 102-19Process for delegating authority for economic, environmental, and social topics from the highest governance body to senior executives and other employees99-100 102-20Whether the organisation has appointed an executive- level position or positions with responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics, and whether post holders report directly to the highest governance body. If consultation is delegated, describe to whom it is delegated and how the resulting feedback is provided to the highest governance body. Composition of the highest governance body and its committees99, 115Indexes About the Report The Board of Directors and all the directors of the Company hereby guarantee that the report does not contain any false presentation, misleading statement or material omissions and shall assume individual and joint liability for the authenticity, truthfulness and completeness of the contents hereof. Coverage Organisation Focusing on Bank of China Limited ( BOC ), the report covers the Head Office, domestic branches, overseas branches, subsidiaries, representative offices and affiliates. Preparation References This report is prepared in accordance with the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the former China Banking Regulatory Commission), the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions of China, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Standards) of the Global Reporting Initiative, the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United States. Data Basis The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2021 financial report audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2021 and the reports of previous years as well. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. Disclosure Format The report will be issued in printed and electronic formats. Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or ExplanationGRI Standards HKEx ESG Reporting Guide 122 123102-23Whether the chair of the highest governance body is also an executive officer in the organisation114 102-24Nomination and selection processes for the highest governance body and its committees, and criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance body members101 102-25Processes for the highest governance body to ensure conflicts of interest are avoided and managed. The highest committee or position that formally reviews and approves the organisation s sustainability report and ensures that all material topics are covered. Process for communicating critical concerns to the highest governance body10-11, 99-100 102-34Total number and nature of critical concerns that were communicated to the highest governance body, and mechanism(s) used to address and resolve critical concerns. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and senior executivesPlease refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association 102-36 Process for determining remunerationPlease refer to the Annual Report and Articles of Association Stakeholders involvement in remuneration 102-37How stakeholders views are sought and taken into account regarding remuneration. The organisation s approach to stakeholder engagement10-11 102-44Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder engagement, including how the organisation has responded to those key topics and concerns11 Reporting Practice 102-45All entities included in the organisation s consolidated financial statements or equivalent documents. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries10 102-50 Reporting period 120 102-51 The date of the most recent previous report 120102-52 Reporting cycle Annual Report 102-53The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents120 102-54The claim made by the organisation in accordance with the GRI Standards120 102-55 The GRI content index 121-125 102-56Policy and current practice with regard to seeking external assurance for the report127-130 Topic Economic Economic Performance GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 20 GRI 201 Economic Performance201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed9-10, 113-114 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 9-10, 20, 40-45 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts203-1 Extent of development of significant infrastructure investments and services supported20-53 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts including significance of identified indirect economic impacts20-53 Anti-Corruption GRI 103 Management Approach B7 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 104-105 GRI 205 Anti-corruption205-2 Communication and training about anti- corruption policies and procedures116 Topic Environmental Materials GRI 103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 40-45, 66-69 GRI 301 Materials A2. 5 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 110 A3. 1Reductions in energy requirements of products and services40-69 Energy GRI103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 40-45, 66-69 GRI302 Energy A2. 1 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 108-109 GRI 302 Energy A2. 1 302-3 Energy intensity 108-109 A2. 3 Energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved 66-69 Water GRI 103 Management ApproachA2 General disclosures, A3 General disclosures, A2. 4103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures40-45, 66-69 GRI 303 Water A2. 2 303-1 Total water withdrawal by source 109 Emissions GRI 103 Management ApproachA1 General disclosures A3 General disclosures103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures40-45, 66-69 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 109Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation 124 125G4-FS7Monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific social benefit for each business line broken down by purpose114, 116 G4-FS13Access points in low-populated or economically disadvantaged areas6, 38-39, 91-97 G4-FS14Initiatives to improve access to financial services for the disadvantaged38-39, 91-97 Supplier Social Responsibility Performance GRI 103 Management Approach B5 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 116-117 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment B5. 2414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria116-117 Customer Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 84-87 Marketing and Labeling GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 84-85, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling85, 112 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling417-2 Total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and or voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling by results85, 112 Customer Privacy GRI 103 Management Approach B6 General disclosures, B6. 5 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 86, 112 GRI 418 Customer Privacy B6. 2418-1 Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy112 Compliance with Social Practices, Laws and Regulations GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 104-105 GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance B6 General disclosures419-1 Significant fines and non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and or regulations in the social and economic area in terms of total monetary value of significant fines and total number of non- monetary sanctions104-105, 115-116 B6. 3Practices of maintenance and protection of intellectual property rights116Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation GRI 305 Emissions A1. 1 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 109 GRI 305 Emissions A1. 2 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 109 A1. 5 Measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved 66-69, 109Content Index for GRI Standards SEHK ESG Reporting Guide Disclosure Page Number(s) or Explanation Effluents and Waste GRI 103 Management ApproachA1 General disclosures A3 General disclosuresManagement approach disclosures 66-69 GRI 306 Effluents and Waste A1. 3, A1. 4, A1. 6 Total weight of waste by type and disposal method 109 Topic Social Employment GRI 103 Management Approach B1 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 74, 88, 110-111 GRI 401 Employment B1. 2401-1 Total number and rate of new employee hires and employee turnover110-111 GRI 401 Employment401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees88-90 Labor Management Relations GRI 103 Management Approach B4 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-90, 110-111 GRI 402 Labor Management Relations 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding significant operational changes, including report whether the notice period is specified in collective agreements B4. 1Review of employment practices to avoid child and forced labour88-90, 110-111 B4. 2Steps taken to eliminate child and forced labour practices when discovered88-90, 110-111 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103 Management Approach B2 General disclosures, B2. 3 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-90, 110-111 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety B2. 1, B2. 2 403-2 Work-related hazards and incidents 110-111 Employee Training and Education GRI 103 Management Approach B3 General disclosures 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 88-89, 110-111 GRI 404 Training and Education B3. 1, B3. 2404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee by gender and employee category111 GRI 404 Training and Education404-2 Transition assistance programs provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment. Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 101, 110 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity B1. 1Diversity of governance bodies and employees categorised by gender, age group and other indicators of diversity 110-111, 114 Non-discrimination GRI 103 Management Approach 103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 110 Local Communities GRI 103 Management Approach B8 General disclosures, B8. 1, B8. 2103-1, 103-2, 103-3 Management approach disclosures 38-39, 91-97 GRI 413 Local Communities 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs38-39, 91-97 126 127Assurance StatementTask Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (Tcfd) Index Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) Reporting and Self-AssessmentTcfd Recommended Disclosures Page Number(s) or Explanation Governance Disclose the organisation s governance around climate-related issues and opportunities. Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation s business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks. Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material. Principle 2 Impact and Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. Principle 3 Clients and Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. Principle 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society s goals. Principle 5 Governance and Culture We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance and a culture of responsible banking. Principle 6 Transparency and Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society s goals. Readers FeedbackWe appreciate your reading the Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited for 2021. This is the 14th year the Bank releases the social responsibility report. Total assets (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total assets consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Non-performing loans to total loans ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the non-performing loans to total loans consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Capital adequacy ratio ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital adequacy ratio consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Profit for the year (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the profit for the year consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Income tax expense (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the income tax expense consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank consistent with the 2021 Annual Financial Report of the Bank. Number of employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank at the end of the reporting period. Employees trained (person-time) The term disclosed herein refers to the total person-times of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank who participated in training during the reporting period. Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB trillion) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated at the end of the reporting period Basis of Reporting invested by the Bank in industries, including energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy industry, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructure, green services, overseas projects adopting international practices or standards, green trade financing and green consumption financing. Balance of government-sponsored student loans (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of loans by the end of the reporting period granted by the Bank to eligible students from low-income families in universities affiliated to the central government (including branch campuses) and local universities to pay the basic expenses of their study and living in school. Donations (RMB million) The term disclosed herein refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pre-tax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Total water consumption (m3) The term disclosed herein refers to the total water consumption of the Head Office of the Bank in Beijing during the reporting period, including the water consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (MWh) The term disclosed herein refers to the total electrical power consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing during the reporting period, including electricity consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Gasoline consumption of the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing (liters) The term disclosed herein refers to gasoline consumption of the vehicle fleet owned by the Head Office of the Bank during the reporting period. Number of video meetings (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank during the reporting period. Social contribution per share (RMB) The term disclosed herein refers to the value-added per share created for the society calculated based on the basic earnings per share created by the Bank for shareholders, adding the value created by the Bank for other stakeholders during the reporting period, such as taxes paid by the Bank for the state, wages paid to employees, loan interest paid to creditors and total external donations, and deducting other costs derived from environmental pollution. With the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life, the Group strives to become an industrial-leading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. hk Email info crb. cn About this report About this Report 2 Foreword Foreword 4 Overview of 2021 sustainable development 6 About Us Overview of the Company 7 Business of the Company 7 Geographical distribution of production bases 9 Relevant major awards and accolades 10 Environmental, Social and Governance SystemESG ESG management structure and the board statement 16 Targets setting and review mechanism 18 Communication with stakeholders 20 Identification of material issues 22 Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices (I) Product health and food safety 25 (II) Product and technological innovation 31 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing 33 (IV) Customer services and protection of privacy 35 (V) Supply chain responsibility management and management of suppliers 37 (VI) Anti-corruption and governance of integrity 43 Chapter 2 Care for Staff (I) Equal employment policy and staff remuneration and benefit 46 (II) Talents recruitment and management 48 (III) Staff communication and care 51 (IV) Staff development and training 54 (V) Occupational health and safety production 59 Chapter 3 Environmental Protection (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 63 (II) Carbon neutrality target and flue gas emission management 66 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 70 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 72 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 76 (VI) Promotion and education of environmental protection 80 Chapter 4 Social Responsibility (I) Social Welfare 81 (II) Community communication and engagement 83 (III) Prevention and control of COVID-19 84 APPENDIX Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange 86 CONTENTS 2 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedABOUT THIS REPORT Global Reporting Initiative GRI GRI Materiality The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the Reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The identification process and analysis results in 2021 have been presented in the sections headed Identification of Material Issues and Materiality Matrix and Table, respectively. Part of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Balance The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Consistency Unless stated otherwise, the data disclosed in this Report has been under statistical analysis based on the Group s standardized information collection process and working mechanism, thereby the relevant data statistical approach remains consistent with the assumptions made during preparation of the Report, to ensure year-to-year comparison of the data. OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the reporting period, FY2021, or 2021 ). BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and by reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards ). cnSCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2021. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the sixth Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company s commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group s performance on sustainable ESG development in 2021 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports and financial reports of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. cn 4 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedFOREWORD ESG d ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our co-operative partners and to generate long- term returns to our shareholders. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrial-leading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. lEADING INDUSTRIAl DEVElOPMENT, BREWING A BETTER lIFE The beer industry in China has entered an era of high quality and prosperity. With prosperity and opportunities come challenges. Whether it is the enterprise itself or the entire beer industry, it is necessary to develop competitive advantages in a timely manner to withstand the new challenges posed by the new world of beer. Adhering to the strategy of achieving success in premiumization for the second three-year period, the Group relied on its unique advantages to actively embrace the new era of beer industry upgrade and category diversification. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of CR Beer is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff FOREWORD 382 Consumer needs are becoming increasingly diversified, and we are actively enriching portfolio of brands and providing high quality beer, promoting rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. We have maintained our brand building investment higher than industry level to attract more young consumers by building various beer consumption scenarios with innovative consumption experience, which further enhances the image of our premium beer brands. Through strategic actions such as establishing star- rated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of beer. As a responsible corporate citizen, we care about the society and are enthusiastic about public welfare. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES ( SnowMS QFS) FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 The Group established a quality and food safety management system with characteristics of CRSB (short as SnowMS QFS) passed a total of 95 international systems certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. The number of complaints received by CRSB regarding products and services decreased largely by 41. 2 compared with last year. All beer products achieved 100 pass rate in both ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. Staff training Average online training hours and cost for each full-time staff are 29. 8 hours and RMB352, respectively. Approximately 354 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided to staff, while approximately 195 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties, respectively. Environmental Protection 0. 0206 3. 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit was 0. 0206 tons of standard coal per kilolitre output, decreased by 3. 1 over last year. Greenhouse gas emission intensity (scope 1 2) was 0. 083 tons of carbon dioxide (CO 2) equivalent per kilolitre output, decreased by 0. 9 over last year. Adoption of renewable energy approximately 8. 37 million cubic meters of biogas recovered and 4. 59 million kilowatts hours of photovoltaic power generated. Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 43. 4 and 27. 8 respectively over last year. The number of plants discharging beer sewage into natural waters decreased from 5 to 2 with active promotion of the resource utilisation of brewery waste water. OVERVIEW OF 2021 SUSTAINABlE DEVElOPMENT 7 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportABOUT US Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff 00291 Heineken 65 18. 2 11. 056 333. 87 6. 2 119. 1 94. 6 45. 87 59. 91 186. 6 27. 8 0. 0 OVERVIEW OF THE COMPANY China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (stock code under The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 00291) is a listed subsidiary of China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRH ), which focuses on the manufacturing, sales and distribution of beer products. China Resources Snow Breweries Limited ( CRSB ) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In 2019, the Group has completed the transaction and commenced the strategic partnership with the Heineken Group. BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY The Group has been in the beer business in China since 1993, pursuing fine and innovative craft brew with quality as its foundation. In 2021, the Group operated 65 breweries in China with an annual beer production capacity of 18. 2 million kilolitres and a total annual sales volume of 11. 056 million kilolitres. In 2021, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of RMB33, 387 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 6. 2, while the consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders and earnings before interest and taxation of the Group in 2021 increased year-on-year by 119. 1 and 94. 6 to RMB4, 587 million and RMB5, 991 million, respectively. During the year under review, the Group continued the promotion of its premiumization strategy and enrichment of its diversified brand portfolio. In 2021, the sales volume of the sub-premium beer segment and above reached approximately 1, 866 thousand kilolitres, representing a year-on-year increase of 27. 8 with a significant improvement in the product mix. In response to the rising prices of raw materials and packaging materials, the Group will continue to closely monitor the market dynamics of domestic and foreign raw materials and packaging materials, and replenish stocks reasonably at appropriate times and implement staggered peak procurement to mitigate the pressure of rising prices. In addition, in response to the business development of competitors in bars and bistros, the Group will actively explore the expansion of its bistro business and develop new marketing channels for beer products. At the same time, the Group will continue to effectively strengthen the promotion and channel marketing of its domestic and international brands, promote the implementation of business initiatives such as the four standards of talent selection, manufacturing excellence, upgrading informatization, operational reforms and marketing digitization to enhance the Group s competitive position. As a member of CRH, we are dedicated to leading the business progress and building a better life together with our consumers, shareholders, staff and business partners, and make the Group a trusted and beloved beer enterprise. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US 65 Excluding those breweries ceased operation during the year and determined by management to be closed Province Municipality Number of breweries Sichuan 8 Zhejiang 5 Liaoning 8 Hebei 2 Guangdong 4 Heilongjiang 3 Jiangsu 4 Anhui 5 Hubei 3 Henan 3 Guizhou 3 Shandong 3 Shanghai 1 Province Municipality Number of breweries Jilin 1 Tianjin 1 Shanxi 1 Gansu 1 Inner Mongolia 2 Hunan 2 Ningxia 1 Shaanxi 1 Guangxi 1 Hainan 1 Tibet 1 Total 65 119. 1 118. 5 94. 6 27. 8 Sales volume of sub-premium beer segment and above Earnings before interest and taxation Dividend per share Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company GEOGRAPHICAl DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCTION BASES As at 31 December 2021, CR Beer had 65 breweries in operation, the geographic distribution of which is indicated in the following table 10 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project e For environmental, health and safety management Hong Kong Green Awards by Hong Kong Green Council Environmental, Health and Safety Award Gold Green Management Award Silver Green Management Award Silver China Resources Snow Breweries (Heilongjiang) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Si Chuan) Co., Ltd. Suining Branch Green Plant recognized by Development and Reform Commission and Economic and Information Commission in Shanghai China Resources Snow Breweries (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. e e 2020 2020 leading Water Efficient Enterprise recognized by Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Water Resources and General Administration of Market Regulation China Resources Snow Breweries (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Guangdong Province Water-saving Enterprise awarded by Water Supplies Bureau of Guangdong Province Snow Breweries (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. Water-saving Enterprises recognized by Department of Housing and Construction and Development and Reform Commission of Guangdong Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. Water-saving Enterprises recognized by Water Supplies Bureau and Economic and Information Department of Anhui Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Anhui) Co., Ltd. Bengbu Branch Water-saving Enterprises recognized by Economic and Information Department of Zhejiang Province China Resources Snow Breweries (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. China Resources Snow Breweries (Wenzhou) Co., Ltd. RElEVANT MAJOR AWARDS AND ACCOlADES 11 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project For product quality China Alcoholic Drinks Association Outstanding Contribution Award in Science and Technology Advancement of China Alcoholic Drinks under Special Award for Science and Technology Advancement International Advanced Level CRSB The project Research and Application of Key Technologies for Beer Bottle Design and Quality Assurance under Consumption Upgrade China Quality Association 2021 China Enterprise Brand Innovation Achievement Award 2021 The highest star rating of Five Star Plant QC Professional Level and Improvement Level in Six Sigma Green Belt Recognition and the QC Achievement Presentation Competition The project of Premium Diversified Product Innovation to Lead the High- quality Development of the Beer Industry Longli plant in Guizhou Province TPO Improving the TPO (Total Packaging Oxygen) qualification rate of fresh beer and other improvement projects The Ningbo Fenghua District Quality Award The Ningbo plant in Zhejiang Province The Xiangxi Autonomous Prefecture Governor s Quality Award The Xiangxi plant in Hunan Province 12 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project For social responsibility award The 11th China Charity Festival Corporate Social Responsibility Industry Model Award CRSB 2021 e The 2021 KNX X Awards Best Practice in Talent Development and Best Employer Award The Outstanding Enterprise in Human Resources Development and Quality Assurance Award by the China Human Resource Development Association The Outstanding Corporate Culture of the Year by the China Corporate Citizenship Forum The Snow Corporate Culture Construction The honorary certification of China Exemplary Enterprise University 2020-2021 e The 2020-2021 China Talent Development Elite Award Benchmark Unit and Best learning Project by Training Magazine HRoot 2021 (HRBP) The Best Practice of learning and Development (HRBP) in Greater China 2021 by HRoot CSTD The 6th China learning Design Competition Gold Award by Chinese Society for Talent Development (CSTD) The CRB Learning and Innovation Centre 13 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project 2021 Golden Goblet Awards of China liquor Industry 2021 by National Business Daily Listed Company with the Best Return on Investment Star Product Snow Draft Beer CR Beer 2, 000 1, 865 Ranked 1865th among Global 2000 by Forbes CR Beer 500 330 Ranked 330th among Fortune China 500 by Fortune China CR Beer HKIRA 7th Investor Relations Awards by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association Overall Best IR Company Awards Large Cap ESG Grand ESG Award Large Cap Best IR Company Large Cap Best IR by CEO Large Cap Best IR by CFO Large Cap Best IR Team Large Cap Best IRO (Investor Relations Officer) Large Cap Best ESG (E) Large Cap Best ESG (S) Large Cap Best ESG (G) Large Cap Best Investor Meeting Large Cap Best Investor Presentation Material Large Cap Best Annual Report Large Cap 5 5 years IR Awards Winning Company Large Cap CR Beer 14 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Award Awarded entity project 2021 Hong Kong Outstanding listed Enterprises 2021 Outstanding Beer Enterprise Award by Economic Digest magazine CR Beer am730 2021 listed Company Excellence Awards 2021 by am730, PR Asia and IFENG HK STOCKS CR Beer 2021 2021 All-Asia Executive Team survey by Institutional Investor Most Honored Company (Consumer Staples Sector) Best CEO (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best CFO (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Professional (Second Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Professional (Third Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Team (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best ESG (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) Best Investor Relations Program (First Place in Consumer Staples Sector) CR Beer 2021 Asian Excellence Recognition Awards 2021 by Corporate Governance Asia Asia s Best CEO (Investor Relations) Asia s Best CFO (Investor Relations) Best Investor Relations Company Best Environmental Responsibility Best Investor Relations Professional CR Beer 15 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ABOUT US Award Awarded entity project 2021 e Asian ESG Awards 2021 by Corporate Governance Asia Asia s Icon on Corporate Governance ESG Influencer Asian Corporate Director Recognition Awards CR Beer The 9th Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award by The Mirror Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award CR Beer IR Magazine 2021 IR Magazine Awards Greater China 2021 by IR Magazine Best Overall Investor Relations (Large Cap) Best Investor Relations Officer (Large Cap) Best in Sector Consumer Staples CR Beer 2021 Asia s Outstanding Companies Poll 2021 by Asiamoney Most Outstanding Company in Hong Kong Consumer Staples Sector CR Beer 2021 TOP 2021 Gold Enterprise Ranking by Snowball TOP Investment Value Ranking CR Beer 2021 TOP100 2021 list of Chinese listed Companies by Brand Value TOP100 by National Business Daily and Tsinghua SEM China Business Research Center CR Beer (World Brand lab) 2021 NO. Chinese Brand Annual Award No. 1 in Beer Industry 2021 by World Brand lab CRSB 2021 BrandZ d 28 f Ranked 28th in the BrandZ Top 100 Most Valuable Chinese Brands 2021 by Kantar CRSB 16 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level the board To monitor the Company s assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue to the Company s business model To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESG-related targets and indicators The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding ESG, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group s ESG strategy and the results presented in this report, supervises the Company s annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Group and related risks, and urges the Company to implement relevant ESG policies accurately and continuously. The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, as well as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The report team has listened to these relevant suggestions and incorporated the related contents into this Report. EHS ESG 12 EHS ESG ESG ESG TARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the effectiveness of the latest amendments to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in July 2021, the Group has formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into its development strategies. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and the actual business conditions of the Group, we have formulated the Group s EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan. The EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the Chief Executive Officer. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM EHS Unit2025 Targets 2020Changes in five years 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit1 Tons of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 021 -9. 5 Intensity of total water consumption Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 50 2. 69 -7. 1 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions2 1, 000 tons CO 2 equivalent 825 914 -9. 7 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity2 Tons of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 084 -10. 7 (so2) Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tons 20 23 -13. 0 (no x) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tons 100 117 -14. 5 Recycling rate of dried distiller s grains 100 100 Recycling rate of dried waste yeast 100 100 4 Social (4 items) 3 average training hours for each full-time staff in full year3 Hours 36. 1 29. 3 23. 2 3 total training hours for full-time staff3 Thousand hours 866 779 11. 2 average training cost for each full-time staff RMB 426 341 24. 9 number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 Targets set in the Group s EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan are as below 20 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited1. 2. 2012 1 2 3. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tons of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated with reference to the 2012 Baseline Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids and the Guidelines for Accounting and Reporting Greenhouse Gas Emissions from China Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverages and Purified Tea Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial) published by the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, and the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs published by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The calculation of GHG scope 1 includes coal, gasoline, diesel and natural gas consumption. The calculation of GHG scope 2 includes externally sourced electricity and heat consumption. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that we have included the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery waste water into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore, GHG data of 2020 presented in this report is also adjusted with the same caliber. The relevant training was carried out through the Group s self-developed Online Learning Platform Snow Breweries Learning and Innovation Center. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOlDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group s business management and development. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services 22 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ESG ESG IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAl ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. In compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to the sustainable development of CR Beer and Materiality to stakeholders, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS CORPORATE STRATEGIES AND OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS RELEVANT REQUIREMENTS OF DOMESTIC AND INTERNATIONAL SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY STANDARDS AGENDA OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY STAKEHOLDERS ANALYSIS After internal review and consideration of the stability of its own business and operating location, the list of material issues in 2021 outlined the different concerns of stakeholders. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material issue in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM Materiality Matrix and table of all stakeholders 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anti-corruptions 13 Environmental compliance 14 Low-carbon operation 16 Control of hazardous and non- hazardous waste generation 24 Labour standards and labour relations 31 Product and technological innovation 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Supply chain management 5 Anti-trust and fair competition 6 Use of more eco-friendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 Proper use and recycling of resources 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 26 Occupational health and safety 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications29 Customer services 30 Protection of customer privacy 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations412136 39 40 1211938 37334 35 18724 2 31132 13 14334 1716 30 25 829 26 2019 1027 28 236 225 Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Stakeholders15 High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 24 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Investors 41 2136 39403712 119 334 351872619 2421 32 13 143 34 31 1716 30 2520 8 29 1027 28 236 22538 15 ESG ESG Materiality Matrix and table of investors In response to the Board s recommendation to the Group regarding reasonably taking the expectations of investors towards the ESG Report into account, the Group has specifically listed the concerns on ESG issues of investors, under which the material issues are as follow 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anti-corruptions 13 Environmental compliance 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 24 Labour standards and labour relations 26 Occupational health and safety 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Management of Suppliers 5 Anti-trust and fair competition 6 Use of more eco-friendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 30 Protection of customer privacy 31 Product and technological innovation 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 14 Low-carbon operation 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 16 Control of hazardous and non- hazardous waste generation 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 Proper use and recycling of resources 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services 25 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff (GB14881) (GB5749) (GB2760) (GB T4927) SnowMS QFS EHS FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 54 SnowMS QFS As a member of the food industry, CR Beer deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise s success. The Group observes strict compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of PRC on food safety and quality, including, among others, the Food Safety Law of the PRC and its relevant regulations, the Product Quality Law of the PRC, the Standardization Law of the PRC, the General Hygiene Regulations for Food Production of the National Food Safety Standard (GB14881), the Sanitary Standards for Drinking Water (GB5749), the Standards for the Use of Food Additives of the National Food Safety Standard (GB2760), the Regulations for the Application for Sanitary Work Permit by Manufacturers of Disinfection Products, and the Beer (GB T4927). systeM aCCreditation and standard setting The Group upholds the quality goal of be an outstanding enterprise to brew the best beer in the world, and maintains the quality philosophy of quality first, consumers as priority, be innovative and pursue excellence and social responsibilities, striving to offer quality products. To propel the connection between the Group and the globe, the Group co-operates with third-party professional institutions to establish CRSB featured quality and food safety management system (short as SnowMS QFS). This system abides by CRH s EHS management elements and based on CRSB s past experience of quality management of more than 20 years, integrating with international standards that it has passed a total of 95 international system certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO and HACCP (2020 54 certifications). In 2021, the SnowMS QFS system has been applied to all plants of the Group in order to realize one-stop management and achieve manufacturing excellence. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmarking against national standards and industry standards intensively. In 2021, the Group has identified a total of 133 regulatory documents and interpreted 48 regulatory documents including the National Food Safety Standard General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Foods. The Group continuously improves the setting of technical quality standards by strengthens various standards and internal control benchmarks to standardize and improve management. The Group has revised 98 documents (23 newly developed documents and 75 revised documents) covering raw material standards, production processes and product during 2021. Besides, more than 10 training sessions for system standards learning and internal auditors with a total of 105 people were qualified as internal auditors, which ensures product safety and quality compliance. Quality ManageMent on raw Materials To further promote high-quality development, we adhere to quality control of the entire supply chain and continues to build a supplier quality extension management work circle at the material supply side to firmly establish the management objective of ensuring good and stable quality on raw material purchased and conduct random inspections and onsite quality check for food safety, and implementing special research projects for quality issues. In 2021, the Group conducted food safety inspections on more than 230 batches of incoming materials such as malt and beer cans, performed on-site quality audits and rectifications on more than 280 suppliers and conducted special research on beer bottle quality, which effectively improved the safety and stability of material quality and provided guarantees for product quality from the source. The Group has formulated the Design Specifications for Production Plants based on the design principles of zero pollution, low energy consumption, and clean production, requiring no polluting enterprises, no pollution of water sources and no land pollution by heavy metals and radioactive substances within two kilometers around the plants. The Group strictly controls the water quality of the water source. The water sources of the Group for production are municipal water supply and self-collected water. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 4ACCP HACCP QACCP TACCP VACCP 4ACCP EHS 66 STTS (Snow track and trace system) QR DM ProCess Quality ManageMent During 2021, the Group formulated CRSB technical specifications on hazard analysis and critical control points, 4ACCP Control Plan, which specifically included 4 elements consisting of HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points), QACCP (Quality Analysis and Critical Control Points), TACCP (Threat Analysis and Critical Control Points) and VACCP (Vulnerability Assessment and Critical Control Points). A special food safety team was formed during the year to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specification and formulate and execute hazard control plan. The Group also commenced hierarchical management of food safety and risks based on the established EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan to investigate and identify foodborne illness risks which may arise from physical, chemical and microbial contamination involved in all aspects of production and operation. Currently, 66 key control points for food safety production have been established to effectively prevent and resolve food safety risks. In addition, the Group formulated the Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a three-tier inspection system comprising self-inspection, mutual inspection and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. In 2021, by implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience on food tracking. The Group implemented the requirements of supervision system to conduct random inspections at the headquarters and self-inspections at each region with regard to the implementation of relevant standards in plants. Despite the impact of the pandemic, the Group managed to implement on-site inspections of 40 plant times and more than 5, 000 inspection items. In order to maintain quality monitor and control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. The Group launched the construction of Snow Star Good Laboratory Practice (SSGLP) and Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) during 2021 to standardize laboratory management in accordance with ISO17025 standard requirements. Snow Star includes 25 quality verification and product return items, which covers the beer production process such as purchasing raw materials and transporting to the factories, process monitoring, output inspection, etc. During 2021, Snow Star verified and benchmarked beer, malt, hops etc., and an accumulated total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 21 supplier laboratories were verified for improvement of inspection and testing capabilities. As of the end of 2021, the Group has a first-class team of beer tasters in China with a total of 36 national-level judges, 5 of which are lifetime honorary judges. In addition, the Group has established a three-tier team of beer tasters at headquarters, regional and factory respectively to achieve sensory quality control of the entire production process of raw and auxiliary materials, semi-finished products and finished products. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 80 100 (40ppb) 100 100 With an effort to improve product quality, the Group continued to promote the action of elimination of impure beer and implemented the General Manager Responsibility System in the plant in 2021, in which the general manager of the plant takes the lead to stand at the frontline and effectively monitors the improvement of the bottle quality, bottle cleaning, process control and equipment working conditions, etc. At the same time, the Group continues to improve customer satisfaction by eliminating the production of impurity beer through measures such as stabilizing the quality of bottle wash, synergizing the three major systems, eliminating the use of hemp bags for recycle bottles, improving the quality of bottle sources, and providing product protection. The Group has conducted three tier management of the recalled products and put forward different recall requirements for different recall levels. In 2021, all beer products of the Group achieved 100 pass rate in both ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. The total oxygen content of the products was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. In addition, the Group organized food safety emergency drill across all departments with a 100 implementation rate in each factory. Through on-site drills and video-assisted learning to demonstrate how to handle unexpected food safety incident, all departments promoted the capabilities of co-ordination, responsibility delegation and emergency response. We increased the food safety awareness of frontline staff and strengthen the way of handling of food safety incident through the drills to safeguard each line of defense, so as to provide consumers with safe, reliable and high-quality beer. QUAlITY PROPAGANDA 31 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 10 1, 407 136 (II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOlOGICAl INNOVATION To satisfy the ever-changing needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Before launching of newly developed products, the beer and packaging materials will undergo food safety assessment, which includes testing of microorganism in beer, taste testing, food safety inspection, functional testing of packaging materials, food safety verification, etc. The Group performed thorough monthly quality assessments by pulling out in total 1, 407 batches of products from 136 sales cities and regions and all subsidiary factories for quality evaluation during the year under review. The holistic quality assessment and consumer appraisal results underpin the Group s product quality improvement and new product research and development. BEER TASTING EVENT 5, 000 Launched in 2021, the Group s new product Li reproduces the beer brewing technology from ancient China 5, 000 years ago, offering consumers the authentic Chinese beer, which not only inherits the cultural connotation of the ancients wine as a gift, but also promotes national self-confidence and reshapes China s premium beer brand image. PRODUCT INNOVATION AND TRADITIONAl CUlTURE HERITAGE 8, 500 103 100 485 In 2021, the investment made to research and development by the Group exceeded RMB85 million, the number of scientific research staff amounted to 103 and the expenses on industrial, academic and research co-operation was RMB1 million. Adhering to the strategies of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment, the Group launched various new brands of product in 2021. In February, the carbonated beverage Snow Xiao Pi Qi with zero alcohol was launched. In April, a super- premium new product, Li, and the first fruity beer product L wen Fruit Beer ( 485 Ros ) were launched. The international brand, Amstel, was introduced. In October, the international brand Edelweiss was introduced. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 485 255 30 3, 495 83 71 In 2021, the Group has applied for a total of new 255 trademarks under Li, L wen Fruit Beer ( 485 Ros ) and Lovibond Dark Beer and maintain overseas trademarks involving the United States, the European Union, South Korea, Japan and Australia, etc. More than 30 major countries and regions in the world have carried out intellectual property layout for the Group's products exported overseas. In 2021, the Group process 3, 495 registered trademarks, 83 authorized patents and 71 registered copyrights. As of the end of 2021, the Group strictly complies with the relevant laws and regulations in relation to trademarks, patents and intelligent properties which are significant to the Group, and no material breach thereof has been reported. China SAO) 5 550 (III) ADVOCATING RATIONAl DRINKING AND RESPONSIBlE MARKETING As a brewing enterprise with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group highly responds to the advocation of rational drinking behavior with a healthy and edified lifestyle and strived to provide fair, reliable and responsible promotional information. The Group proactively gives potential risk warning that in addition to clearly indicating the ingredients and alcohol content on package, the Group also print excessive drinking is harmful to health, pregnant women and children should not drink alcohol and other persuasive sentences or icons on packages. In addition, the official website of CRSB has set up an age limit to prohibit minors from browsing. In 2021, the Group actively participated in the 2021 National Responsible Drinking Publicity Week, which has been held simultaneously in 550 cities above the county level in addition to the 5 main venues in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Baoji and Chengde, which has aroused wide in the society on the issue of drinking rationally and rejecting drinking and driving. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Group also strictly regulates advertising to ensure the truthfulness and compliance of the contents of its advertisements. The regulation also clearly stipulates the content of dissemination and review mechanism, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the upcoming corporate advertising content, and guide consumers correctly from the roots. In order to better control the responsible marketing, the Brand Management Department of Sales and Marketing Center and the Legal and Compliance Department also conduct interpretation trainings for regional companies on a regular basis to emphasize the importance of promoting rational drinking content including No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of uncontrolled drinking; No appearance of drinking behaviors; No appearance of minors images; No potentially dangerous activities such as driving a car, boat or airplane; No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others; No expression or implication that drinking contributes to the success of personal, business, society, sport, sexual life and others. In addition, the Group has established a top-down management mechanism for monitoring responsible marketing activities in various regions. Once the false advertisements are found forwarded, they will be reported and properly handled in a timely manner to minimize social impact, and investigation and accountability will be conducted to eliminate false marketing from the source. Once receiving complaints from customers, our customer service officers must contact the customer within 30 minutes to understand and resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. In respect of bad product experience, our customer service officers must obtain the beer involved in physical form and upload the complaint description form to our customer service system within 72 hours. System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint process are recorded online, which enable customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant department to improve. Rectification our customer service team conducts real time and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. The factory should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer in physical form. As of the end of 2021, the return rate of beer involving the complaints in physical form reached 97. Business linkage the business operation departments need to understand customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customer-oriented beer enterprise. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 41. 2 Unit 2021 2020 number of products and service complaints Cases 21, 000 36, 000 Customer complaint settlement rate 95. 0 100 re-visit rate of customer complaints 90. 0 72. 1 effective communication rate of call center 99. 5 96. 8 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 98. 5 91. 9 responsive time after receiving complaint 30 Within 30 minutes30 Within 30 minutes rating of customers satisfaction in complaints handling process Points 86. 3 86. 2 Unit 2021 2020 2019 Proportion of unsatisfactory product experience 46 41 32 Proportion of unsatisfactory service experience 54 59 68 Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints received by the Group decreased significantly by 41. 2 in 2021, and the customer satisfaction survey score has been improved by increasing the complaint return visit rate and call center connection rate. The table below is the statistics of customer service indicator for the past two years The table below is the breakdown of the complaints by nature received by the Group for the past three years 37 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES In addition, we understand that the importance of our customers put on the protection of their personal information. Therefore, we are in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management. Staff of different level could only access to information relating to complaints and consumer within authorized right. Staff are forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When submitting complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete the relevant personal information of the consumers. During the operation, we also require relevant staff to comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Confidentiality Work Management System of the Group, as well as to sign the Confidentiality Undertaking. The accountability on confidentiality is implemented for the fulfillment of our confidentiality obligation and the safeguard of information security. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any complaint involving attested invasion of customers privacy and hacking, leakage or loss of customer information or important information. V) SUPPlY CHAIN RESPONSIBIlITY MANAGEMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SUPPlIERS Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine declaration, tendering and bidding process, etc. In addition, we advance the priority of quality through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure, which helps to achieve win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreement on strategic co-operation. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Group s administration on supply chain of productive materials complies with the regulations of CRSB Administrative Regulations on Procurement Tenders of Productive Materials and CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers of Productive Materials and other systems for the procurement process including tendering and price inquiry based on three key principles of fair, open and justice. In order to fulfill our social responsibility in respect of supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, starting from 2020, we have emphasized environment protection in the suppliers selection and certification criteria, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water waste gas treatment equipment, etc. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Unit 2021 2020 total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 800 4, 800 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers introduction rate 9. 0 18. 0 elimination rate 11. 0 15. 5 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 7 99. 7 others regions 0. 3 0. 3 Breakdown by types of products supplied e e suppliers of productive materials (including raw and auxiliary materials, packaging materials and additives, etc.) Suppliers 1, 100 1, 100 suppliers of non-productive materials Suppliers 3, 700 3, 700 (1) 51 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years The Group carries out circulation dynamics management of suppliers list and implemented supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation and elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee in accordance with the relevant regulations. In 2021, 51 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as non- compliance with social responsibilities. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited(2) 10 (3) (4) 34 (5) (6) 418 HACCP ISO9001 575 1, 315 261 7, 793 3, 600 (2) On-site inspection and accreditation in 2021, the Group organized 10 large-scaled on-site inspections and accreditations covering new suppliers and co-operative suppliers with recommendations for improvements given. Supplier co-operation assessment the Group conducts monthly assessments on the co-operation with suppliers to ensure effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. Comprehensive evaluation of supplier the Group conducts annual comprehensive evaluation of suppliers and has established a Non-co-operative Supplier Catalog that those suppliers who commit serious violations of regulations and disciplines during the process of procurement bidding and co-operation shall be disqualified and included into the catalog with 5 years of prohibition time. Hierarchical management of suppliers in 2021, the Group formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Star-rated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. Dynamic management of supplier list CSBR supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. During 2021, the Quality Department under the Production Center of the Group had conducted 575 times of inspections on suppliers and 1, 315 batches of product. We have invited third party to test 261 product samples and 7, 793 items regarding the product safety. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES 9 HACCP 5, 300 HACCP 4 11 67 300 The Quality Department under the Production Center of the Group conducts annual on-site inspection of suppliers providing 9 major raw materials including malt, hops, etc. The inspection is based on four categories quality guarantee, HACCP guarantee, production process control and laboratory management. issues were discovered throughout 2021 and all have been rectified, achieving an effective management on the hygiene and HACCP of the suppliers. In addition, affected by the changes in the domestic and foreign market environments and the continued impact of the pandemic, the prices of bulk raw materials increased significantly during 2021. In 2021, the Group has reached strategic co-operation with key raw material suppliers and signed 4 long-term co-operation agreements for domestic hops procurement and 11 long-term co-operation agreements for imported hops procurement. suPPly Chain resPonsibility ManageMent In 2021, we further facilitated the promotion of the Knowledge Manual for CRSB Suppliers on What Should Understand and Follow and urged the suppliers of the Group to follow our new rules and requirements in terms of green production, sustainable development and social responsibility. We encouraged the suppliers to devote effort in the development of green and healthy society through environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. When conducting on-site accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should understand and follow for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should understand and follow for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of supplies of the Group and the co-operation will be ceased for two years. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should understand and follow Suppliers 26 818 number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 26 732 number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 86 Pass rate 100 89. 5 elimination rate 0 10. 5 The following table summarizes the result of the test regarding what should understand and follow for the major productive material suppliers for the past two years The Group has completed a comprehensive test regarding what should understand and follow for the major existing productive material suppliers in 2020. In 2021, relevant tests were carried out to newly-joint suppliers only, so the number was lower than last year. Through joint research and discussion with upstream industry chain players such as breeding, planting, malt processing and malt use enterprises, as well as the beer companies, relevant government departments and industry associations, we will work together to explore the revitalization of the domestic barley industry. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES (VI) ANTI-CORRUPTION AND GOVERNANCE OF INTEGRITY The Group strictly observes national laws and regulations pertaining to anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the PRC and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and performs relevant systems and documents of its parent company in its production and operation, including the Centralized Management Measures for Letters and Visits and Question Clues of China Resources Company Limited (Trial), the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Integrity Talk System for CRH s New Managers, the China Resources Group Provisional Regulations for Staff Violation of Disciplines and Regulations, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited and the Ten Directives of China Resources, etc. The Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribe, extortion, fraud, money-laundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruptions. In addition, the Group has built a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. In respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, construction of major projects and spirit of the Eight Point Regulations of the Central Government to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 19, 600 27, 500 100 50 100 100 100 The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, engineering, operation and capital management as well as key positions. The Group has conducted integrity cultural education events, carried out integrity alarming education of Dual Duties in One Position. During the reporting period, the Group organized trainings relating to business ethics, anti-corruptions and integrity in which over 19, 600 enrolments participated the trainings, covering medium and senior management personnel and key staff positions of engineering projects, procurement, finance, sales, etc., with a total of over 27, 500 training hours. The Discipline Inspection Department of the Group convened suppliers meeting to advocate integrity procurement culture to create a working atmosphere free from corruption and pass on the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulation which should be understand and comply with to the suppliers so as to facilitate in-depth development of anti-corruption and integrity environment. The Group has reached 100 advocacy coverage of the suppliers for centralized and scaled procurement 2021. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal related transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, receipt of gifts. A call for tender is required to be conducted for procurement of materials with an amount of not less than RMB500, 000; while suppliers for non-material procurement with an amount of not less than RMB1 million shall be confirmed through tender. Besides, suppliers are required to sign a Sunshine Undertaking when signing the procurement contract and submitting the tender documents. Meanwhile our staff in charge of suppliers inspection and validation are required to sign an Integrity Code for On-Site Certification of Suppliers. These kind of mutual constraints by signing contracts promotes honesty and integrity, with the anti-corruption and bribery-related regulations and provisions that suppliers need to be complied with clearly stated. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES Unit 2021 2020 number of procurement tenders organized by the Procurement department under the Production Center Tenders 56 23 number of suppliers participated Suppliers 196 182 Contracts or agreements signed Contracts 181 141 signing rate of sunshine undertaking by suppliers 100 100 12 1 6 2 1 1 1 The following table shows the statistical data of the centralized procurement tenders organized by the Procurement Department under the Production Center of the Group in the past two years In 2021, the Group conducted a total of 12 audit programs in relation with business ethics and integrity, including 1 financial and operational management audits, 6 marketing and operational business project audits, 2 engineering management audits, 1 capital management audit, 1 research and development and technology investment audit and 1 informationization audit. In the course of the audit, we focused on anti-corruption, fair competition, conflict of interest, internal transaction, etc., and did not find that the Group had any material problem in these issues. During the reporting period, the Group was not subject to any litigation involving corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, nor were any cases of material violation and crime reported. The Group requires all staff to abide by business ethics and business secrets, keep safety of the Group s information, and participate in regular trainings on code of ethics to enhance awareness of self-restraint and integrity work. Through organizing events such as Integrity Nurturing My Heart propaganda education event, execution of Integrity Undertaking, producing micro videos, photography works and propaganda column for integrity culture, we further enhanced integrity education on employees. In addition, prior to festival holidays, the Group would remind and educate employees on anti-corruption issues through issuing notifications as well as pushing articles on WeChat official accounts and working WeChat groups to create a clean and honest culture. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to the management and operation principle of people-oriented for many years. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivation of the staff and is dedicated to safeguarding the staff s appropriate treatment and law protection. We strictly complied with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China, and the Regulations on Insurance for Work-related Injury, in order to safeguard the employment principle of equality. The companies under the Group have set up relevant management regulations in order to manage all employment issues in a proper and effective way. In the meantime, the Group restricts working time of labour assignment staff and non-full-time workers, thereby safeguarding the staff s rights and interests. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group insists on passing the employee value concept of diligence, professionalism and growth, strictly implemented the national and local regulations and policies on labour and remuneration management with various social insurances and housing provident funds paid in full for employees according to law. At the same time, we continuously improve and enhance the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. In accordance with the second three-year strategic deployment of the Group, we have completed the reform of the remuneration and benefit system for all employees, especially the one designed for the middle and junior level employees which is based on value of work position, evaluation of professional grading and annual performance ranking. The Group strictly complied with the national and local laws and regulations in respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays to ensure staff can obtain basic rights and interests. The Group s business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. Moreover, we followed the national and local labour laws to implement working hour management, and paid corresponding remuneration according to the staff s job position and actual working hours. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labour rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 18 100 100 25, 000 37. 4 67 8 (II) TAlENTS RECRUITMENT AND MANAGEMENT To assure the recruitment and performance evaluation process on a transparent, open, fair and justice basis, the Group has developed human resources management systems and management regulations as well as continued to improve and upgrade. The Group s staff recruitment, review and approval regulations fully cover the recruitment process of various positions, including contractors and part-time staff. We strictly complied with the requirements of the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Employment Promotion Law of the People s Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations which had a significant impact on the Group. Hiring informatization system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labour force on a voluntary basis. In the meantime, the Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labour. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise the awareness of staff on labour employment disputes. The Group properly managed the staff s information, such as recruitment and attendance, through various systems and measures, formulating information system data quality and system application appraisal indicators and conducting inspections and assessments quarterly to ensure the accuracy and quality of relevant statistics. At the same time, key data information was checked on an irregular basis each month by the Group and relevant regular training was organized to ensure the system operate normally and can be operated by the staff properly. Over 67 of the staff had received college qualifications or above, while the turnover rate was approximately 8. 49 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF Unit 2021 2020 Staff figures total number of staff People 26, 900 28, 900 Total number of staff by type full-time staff People 25, 000 26, 600 Part-time staff People 1, 900 2, 300 Total number of full-time staff by gender Male staff People 18, 000 19, 000 female staff People 7, 000 7, 600 Total number of full-time staff by age group 29 staff with age 29 or below People 5, 200 4, 800 30 39 staff with age between 30 and 39 People 11, 300 12, 400 40 49 staff with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 500 7, 100 50 staff with age 50 or above People 2, 000 2, 300 Total number of full-time staff by region Mainland China and hong kong People 25, 000 26, 600 local employment rate 95 95 Local employment rate is an estimated figure which represents staff working locally upon employment. The number of employees presented above is rounded up. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 Total number of full-time staff by grade senior management People 900 900 Middle-level staff People 2, 400 2, 400 Junior staff People 21, 700 23, 300 Management staff (middle-level senior-level) People 3, 300 3, 300 Total number of management staff by gender Male management staff People 2, 800 2, 800 female management staff People 500 500 Volunteer turnover rate of staff full-time staff 8. 4 6. 0 Volunteer turnover rate of full-time staff by gender 2021 Male staff 11. 6 female staff 6. 8 Volunteer turnover rate of full-time staff by age group 2021 29 staff with age 29 or below 23. 8 30 39 staff with age between 30 and 39 6. 5 40 49 staff with age between 40 and 49 1. 9 50 staff with age 50 or above 0. 4 The number of employees presented above is rounded up. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF 10 9 4 3 95 100 95 Due to the Group s business presence across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and paid attention to the employment situation of local citizens to offer job opportunity for the community to promote local economy. In 2021, the projects in Zhejiang were officially put in operation, including the 100, 000 kilolitres capacity expansion project at the Jiashan plant and the 90, 000 cans per hour production line project at the Wenzhou plant. The construction of the China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. ( CR Snow ) headquarter and CR Snow beer town was officially launched in August 2021. In addition, 4 relocation or upgrading projects were officially launched (located in Bengbu, Anhui, Liangshan, Hangzhou and Qiannan) and 3 new projects were officially signed (located in Jinan, Hunan and Xiamen respectively). These production bases mainly accommodate local employees and migrant workers back to their hometown for employment. III) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands actively various needs and demands from staff through maintaining close and good communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. In this regard, the Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership and encourages them to participate in democratic management, giving full play to the communication and co-ordination of the union and various departments. The Group respects the right of the staff to participate, organize, or refuse to participate, the union is respected to enable the union to become a qualified and exemplary home of employees. In 2021, the Group had been in 100 compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China to establish union with 95 rate on staff participation in the union. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited For staff care and promoting communication with each other, the Group has set up work guidance about staff care and realizes the all-round care to staff safety, emotion and self-realization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, as well as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to build up team work and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, mailbox of general manager, etc. We also continuously strengthened the construction of informatization communication channel and platform and implemented comprehensive corporate culture promotion platform, as well as communicated with the staff through internal publications, multi-media and WeChat official accounts and other channels, which also enables the staff to have more understanding on the dynamic development of the enterprise. The Group cares for the physical health and safety and wellbeing of the staff, and is committed to promoting their work-life balance. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF 402 232 24 125 87 28 In December 2021, the Group held its first Snow Day event to celebrate CRSB s 28th birthday, which was one of the largest-scale staff activities in the history of the Group. The event had effectively enhanced employees recognition of the Group s corporate culture and created a good working atmosphere. With an aim to create a caring working environment, the Group has set up the Snow Relieve Fund since 2006 to provide, by way of internal donations, emergency support to those staff and their families with difficulties in their livelihood or health for their immediate relief. In 2021, the Group helped 402 staff with difficulties, visited 232 households of staff with difficulties, provide financial aid to 24 children of staff with difficulties in their schooling, and assisted 125 staff in sick, with an accumulative spending amount of over RMB870, 000. In this regard, we have been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and are committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. The Group adheres to the talent development philosophy of learning promotes growth, and reflection promotes development and learning from and applying to the business practices and continuously improving the business and management abilities of the staff. The Group s strategy focuses on the following key elements strategy undertaking, leaders nurturing, resource building, platform operation and technology empowerment to carry out talent development work so as to co-operate with the Group s policy of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment for strategic promotion and development. The Group not only provides all staff with trainings, but also offers tailored skill guidance and training programs in accordance with their job positions and qualifications to improve their working ability and performance, supporting the Group s long-term strategic transformation and quality business development. Approximately 400 lessons under 21 series of trainings such as CEO s Strategy Talk were launched in 2021 to enable staff to gain knowledge and improve skills even during pandemic. In 2021, there has been approximately 27, 000 staff registered for learning with the online learning hours for each full-time staff in full year was 29. 8 hours. Furthermore, the Group launched social responsibility training for human resources, environment, health and safety systems, with over 500 online and offline participants, to increase employees awareness of social responsibility. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF ESG EHS ESG ESG ESG In May 2021, the Group provided ESG professional training to all departments involved in ESG, including the EHS Department, Human Resources Department, Production Center of Purchasing Department, Risk Management Department, Sales and Marketing Center and Administration Department, and invited external professional organizations to conduct training and exchanges to enable management to understand the ESG compliance disclosure requirements for Hong Kong listed companies, the new amendments of the ESG regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, capital market concerns, the Group s current status and international peer best practices and other information. ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG In response to the ESG disclosure expectations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the capital markets for listed companies, the Group also reviewed its ESG compliance disclosure status, proposed continuous improvement solutions according to its current performance, made references to the status of ESG disclosure by peer companies, so as to improve the Group s ESG management. The training provided by the Group further enhanced the knowledge of ESG work of the responsible colleagues and enabled them to comprehensively grasp the latest requirements of ESG work, so as to continuously improve the Group s ESG performance, to achieve more effective implementation of ESG management improvement work, to strive to obtain more competitive scores from international influential ESG rating agencies and to reach the ESG rating level of international top-tier beer enterprises as soon as possible. ESG In order to actively respond to external institutional investors increasing awareness of ESG issues, the Group has invited leading international carbon emission professional research institute to conduct special training on carbon emission questionnaires in 2021. ESG ESG EXECUTIVE TRAINING 56 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited d j A series of training measures to address different types of employees Newly recruited staff To enhance development of junior staff team, the Group has developed a unique one-on-one training method apprenticeship. After induction or redesignation of a staff, a mentor will be selected for such staff according to his her actual needs. Such two persons will be matched to contractually form an apprenticeship which will help the staff to quickly become an independent and qualified staff. Middle-level management (IDP) Trainings and Individual Development Program (IDP) are organized for all middle-level management personnel. Senior management 31 CRSB s Strategic Central City Business Development Workshop was organized to cover general managers to 31 central city sales regions across China, enhancing central cities capabilities in premiumization development. Professional staff in key positions 2021 79 The 2021 Channel Magic Weapon talent development project tailored to 79 people from key channel marketing positions has been completed with the three outputs of talent training, case study and activity templates at the same time. TOP Human resources business partner cultivation, TOP Financial Director Training and other training classes are carried out to strengthen human resources so as to promote financial transformation. Frontline operational staff Provided online micro-courses and offline expertise trainings, organizing micro-course competitions and cultivating micro-course developers for frontline operational staff and team leaders in breweries to continuously enrich staff learning resources and methods. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFFThe following table shows the online learning platform training figures for staff in the past two years Unit 2021 2020 Online learning platform training figures training coverage rate of full-time employees 100 100 Training coverage rate of full-time employees by gender Male staff 100 100 female staff 100 100 Training coverage rate of full-time employees by employment category senior management 100 100 Middle-level staff 100 100 Junior staff 100 100 Training hours average training hours for each full-time staff in full year Hours 29. 8 29. 3 total training hours for full-time staff Hours 744, 900 779, 100 The relevant training was carried out through the Group s self-developed online learning platform CRB Learning and Innovation Center. Among the trainIng, approximately 65 is for industry related professional training, approximately 10 is for occupational general training, approximately 5 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 20 is for leadership training. ESG Among the training, approximately 90 is related to ESG management improvement. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 Average training hours completed per full- time staff by gender Male staff hours 29. 9 28. 2 female staff hours 29. 1 30. 5 Average training hours completed per full- time staff by employment category senior management hours 28. 1 25. 4 Middle-level staff hours 28. 8 29. 6 Junior staff hours 32. 3 32. 4 Training Investment average training cost for each full-time staff rMb 352 341 total amount of training cost for full-time staff rMb 9, 065, 000 9, 069, 000 The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the development of the staff. The Group assesses the staff based on their performance, professional knowledge and skills, etc. In 2021, the Group successively conducted talent assessments, encouraging staff s career development. For those frontline junior staff, we have set up a talent assessment and incentive mechanism for junior sales teams to advance their business skills and sales performance. The Group s regional companies have also formulated assessment proposals, such as the Framework Plan for Staff Occupational Development System, which established a comprehensive dual path for occupational development of the staff, encouraging them to develop their career. Meanwhile, the Group has also formulated a comprehensive management system for senior officers, of which the Regulation for Selecting and Appointing Managers clearly states the standards on the selection, appointment, competition, performance appraisal and training of managers to ensure equal opportunities for their development. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF EHS Unit 2021 2020 2019 Statistics on work-related fatalities in past three years number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 1 rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0. 003 (V) OCCUPATIONAl HEAlTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group still adheres to work management philosophy of people oriented and safety development, regards safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursues zero injury and zero incident. We strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and the Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and insisted on the safety-first management principle. At the same time, we strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of responsible system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate s safety management level. In 2021, the Group recorded zero production safety incident resulting in the death of employees, suppliers and subcontractors (contractors), holding the bottom line of safety production for two consecutive years. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 330 0. 6 External certifications Unit 2021 number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the national Production safety standardization Plants 61 d of which, number of plants that recognized as the second-class enterprise Plants 26 number of plants that recognized as the third-class enterprise Plants 35 iso45001 number of plants that obtained iso45001 occupational health and safety management system certification Plants 15 EHS The number of working days lost due to work-related injuries in 2021 was 330 days, which is higher than that in 2020 mainly due to a fall accident and a slip and fall accident happened during the year, in which the employees suffered fracture due to the injury and required a longer recovery period. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company s business. Through re-identifying and re-evaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of pre-qualification, pre-service preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. The Group s requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group s safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection CHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF EHS 4, 780 EHS LOTO 290 13, 020 EHS EHS EHS EHS 100 135 142 We have formulated Production Plant Design Specifications as early as 2014 to regulate the design of new and expanded plants of the Group, ensuring that all plants meet the requirements for safe construction and have adequate safety facilities. In order to raise safe awareness of our employee, the Group actively carried out preventive work and vocational health training. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventive-oriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behavior with full participation, focused on process control and regulated staff s safety behaviors as well as innovating safety inspection methods. The Group also arranges employees of all ranks to sign annual EHS responsibility letters to ensure that employees are aware of their job responsibilities and updates related to EHS responsibilities. The Group encouraged its staff to obtain relevant professional qualification. In 2021, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 135 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 142 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Unit 2021 2020 exclusive funds for safe production purposes rMb0 000 6, 900 7, 850 Provision of safety education and training to staff training hours 354, 000 390, 000 e Provision of safety education and training to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties training hours 195, 000 140, 000 emergency drills times 600 610 Participants 13, 000 13, 500 safety education training rate 100 100 occupational disease-related health checkup rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in workplace 100 100 5, 548 EHS 2, 230 The Group s performance in safety training of the past two years The Group conducted over 5, 548 safety inspections at various levels in 2021 and made ongoing improvements based on the inspection results to continuously enhance the effectiveness of safety management. We ensured the compliance of safety production process of the staff by establishing One person, one file occupational health file. Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff EHS EHS The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to protect environment and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. We strictly followed the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, as well as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Pollutant Discharge Standard for Beer Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. In 2021, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAl GOVERNANCE The Group continued to improve and implement the system on environmental protection regulation and standards. At the same time, the Group has prepared the Emission Permit Management Regulations to regulate the application, change, renewal, enforcement and cancellation of plant emission permits. A regular semi-annual meeting would also be held to summarize the EHS work done in the first half, with a view to re-warning, reviewing, redeploying, re-improving and rethinking for the conduct of EHS work. Senior management of the Company, relevant personnel of EHS Department and Engineering Department of Production Center, relevant personnel of regional companies and production plants attended the meeting. In 2021, the headquarters organized 18 sets of professional trainings for 3, 427 participants on the topics of Typical Cases of Central Ecological and Environmental Protection Supervision, the Law on Prevention and Control of Pollution by Solid Waste, the CRSB Solid Waste Management System, the CRSB Inspection Standards of Ecological and Environmental Protection, publicity and implementation of carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, CDP carbon emission, etc. For better implementation of inspection work into details, the Group organized 14 special training sessions on the inspection standards developed with approximately 1, 500 participants. The supervision working group has investigated a total of 2, 194 issues by conducting factory self-inspection, regional inspection and headquarter random inspection, which have almost been rectified by the end of 2021. In addition, the Group also attached great importance to the work performance in environmental protection and energy saving. On the basis of the regular statement about pollutant emission, the Group strengthened energy saving and emission reduction targets, and implement special project management. In July 2021, the Group designated 65 professional personnel as required by the current regulatory requirements to form 11 inspection groups to cross-check the environmental protection and energy saving by a total of 14 comprehensive regional companies and 22 plants. During the cross-check, 689 potential issues were found and rectifications were completed as of the end of 2021. During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, all production plants of the Group incurred expenses amounting to RMB546 million in aggregate about installation of equipment and facilities for energy saving and ecological environmental protection and disposal and treatment of pollutants. Each production plant established an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, for self-monitoring on pollutants on a daily basis, and shared data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. j Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data Various-level units of the Group inspects regularly various environmental data. By utilizing the system for direct reporting of environment-related information data, primary-level units (plants) directly reported the data, which subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. j Step 3 On-site environmental checks The headquarters, regional companies and plants of CRSB conducted regular on-site environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. On-site checks realized the full coverage of all plants. The headquarter of CRSB determined the planning for 2021 environmental protection special funds by reference to the principal risks of energy saving and emission reduction supervision in 2020 combined with the major regulatory directions of the government, and planned to implement specialized funds of RMB35 million in total. By the end of 2021, the Group had implemented 26 projects at an investment cost of nearly RMB30 million, mainly for upgrading sewage treatment system to comply with the new standard, sewage biogas recovery and utilization project and sludge membrane filter press project. During the reporting period, the Group implemented numerous measures to address and reduce the production of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. In 2021, a total of more than 47, 500 EHS problems were identified among all units and 99. 9 of which has been rectified. In order to effectively control the safety and environmental risks in the process of production capacity optimization, the Group carried out the EHS compliance inspection on capacity-optimized plants, evaluating the treatment and disposal of solid waste, hazardous waste and liquid ammonia with 59 types of various risks identified. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 5 (II) CARBON NEUTRAlITY TARGET AND FlUE GAS EMISSION MANAGEMENT low Carbon oPeration In 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into the Company s development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group s historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company s development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international top-tier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14th Five-Year. The Group implemented various initiatives in response to the requirements of energy saving and emission reduction, including actively adjusting energy structure, optimizing manufacturing processes, increasing the utilization proportion of clean energy and renewable energy. The Group insists on high standards, high targets, high positions and careful planning to achieve low-carbon operation. The expansion of date collection reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate measures. These measures not only increase the Group s efficiency of production costs, but also reach the target of controlling carbon emissions. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 58. 9 35. 5 21. 1 Energy consumption Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year Change 0. 2 Coal 10, 000 tons of standard coal 56. 4 54. 1 4. 2 electricity consumption (electricity purchased)10, 000, 000 kilowatt hours 0. 46 0. 45 3. 0 electricity consumption (electricity generated by photovoltaic power)10, 000, 000 kilowatt hours 4. 8 6. 1 -21. 1 natural gas 10, 000, 000 standard cubic metres 0. 1 0. 4 -58. 9 gasoline 1, 000 tons 1. 4 2. 2 -35. 5 diesel 1, 000 tons 2, 966. 9 2, 514. 9 18. 0 heat consumption 1, 000, 000, 000 KJ 0. 0206 0. 0213 -3. 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unitTons of standard coal kilolitre output The Group has completely phased out the use of coal-fired boilers, achieving zero coal consumption comprehensively. Below are the achievements of the Group in 2021 The reform of company-owned vehicles has been completed to reduce the use of company-owned vehicles. Gasoline consumption decreased by 58. 9 year-on-year; The reform of company-owned logistics vehicle has been completed by switching from diesel forklifts to electric forklifts in all plants. Rational planning of in-plant logistics also helps reducing driving distance. Diesel consumption decreased by 35. 5 year-on-year; Natural gas consumption decreased by 21. 1 year-on-year with more purchased steam used. Energy consumption types and data of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows 68 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 35 46 46. 5 8, 369, 480 90, 244 6. 09 6 459 3 14 3, 229 Subjects Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year Change ghg emission 1 1, 000 tons CO 2 equivalent110 147 -24. 8 (scope 1) 2 821 767 7. 1 (scope 2) 1 2 932 914 2. 0 (scope 1 2) intensity of ghg emission 1 Tons of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output0. 010 0. 013 -26. 9 (scope 1) 2 0. 073 0. 070 4. 0 (scope 2) 1 2 0. 083 0. 084 -0. 9 (scope 1 2) ESG On the use of renewable energy, since 2014, the Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. In 2021, we have promoted lean management projects to improve the efficiency of sewage treatment, and biogas production at several plants in Wuhan, Guangdong and Qiannan to increase the amount of biogas steam produced. In 2021, a total of 46 biogas boilers have been installed in 35 plants of the Group with a total boiler capacity of 46. 5 tons of steam. In 2021, the Group has recovered approximately 8, 369, 480 cubic metres of biogas and converted it into 90, 244 tons of steam for energy use in plants. The Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants or plants in operation. ghg eMission ManageMent Total greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows In 2021, the Group voluntarily disclosed more carbon emission related information that the data caliber has been expanded. In terms of low-carbon operation, the Group strives to achieve low-carbon operations by reducing the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions and emission intensity by 9. 7 and 10. 7 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. In terms of reducing air emissions, the Group strives to lower down SO 2 and NOX by 13. 0 and 14. 5 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. 1 2 2. 0 2. 9 1 2 0. 9 (NO X) (SO 2) (NOX) 43. 4 27. 8 Type of air emissions Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year Change (so2) 13 23 -43. 4 sulphur dioxide (so2) Tons (nox) 84 117 -27. 8 nitrogen oxides (nox) Tons 9. 7 10. 7 (SO2) (NOX) 13. 0 14. 5 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group increased by approximately 2. 0 year-on-year in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a 2. 9 year-on-year increase in production volume. Judging from total GHG emissions intensity per unit of product (Scope 1 2), we have achieved a 0. 9 year-on-year decrease, thanks to the increasing use of renewable energy on the basis of the complete elimination of coal combustion. flue gas eMission ManageMent In respect of atmospheric pollutant emissions, the Group has phased out coal-fired boilers in all plants, achieving zero coal consumption in 2021. In addition, the Group has implemented low-nitrogen combustion conversion for gas-fired boilers in recent years so as to further decrease nitrogen oxides (NOX) emissions. In 2021, the Group s sulfur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emissions decreased by 43. 4 and 27. 8 year-on-year, respectively. Relevant emission data in past two years are set out as follows 70 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 80 3. 3 4. 7 80 (III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF ClIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has long-term and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on the business operations. The Group conducted researches for the life cycle of beer s carbon footprint and pilot verifications from 2016 to 2017, and also compared to those of international peers. By referring to the results of such researches, verifications and comparisons, we implemented carbon reduction measures in terms of product structure, energy structure, and raw material structure. For instance, we found out that the carbon footprint of glass bottle products of the same capacity was 80 higher than that of aluminum cans, so we gradually adjusted the product structure by gradually increasing the proportion of aluminum cans, and reducing the use of glass bottles, enhance the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the carbon impact of packaging materials. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reusable materials. In 2021, the use of glass bottles decreased by 3. 3 year-on-year, while the use of aluminum cans increased by 4. 7 year-on-year. Approximately 80 of the glass bottles used were recycled from the market. In addition, we continue to review our energy structure in order to reduce our carbon footprint in our operations, and have therefore implemented capacity and energy structure optimization projects to increase the use of clean energy as well as renewable energy. In addition, the Group actively communicated with its core suppliers and selected key suppliers of malt, glass and paper product among others to compile their applicable carbon emission calculation basic forms to initially pull the carbon emission statistics of major key suppliers. The preliminary statistical analysis of carbon emission and energy consumption of core malt suppliers has been completed in 2021. 71 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION iMPaCt of signifiCant CliMate Change on our business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chain such as the import of raw materials. Once extreme weathers such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. On the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. This action will help strengthen the management and control of the Group on climate change risks, and develop long-term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change. At the same time, in line with China s 14th Five-Year Plan vision, we will formulate our plan of further reducing carbon emissions and saving resources used in our production process, taking into account the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the regulatory authorities. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 17 10 24 2. 65 (IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerned by the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. water resourCes ManageMent To reduce the impacts of newly-built plants on surrounding ecological environment and water sources, the Group formulated the Production Plant Design Specifications, which required that there shall be no polluting operations and land pollution with heavy metal and radioactive substances in the area within 2 kilometers distance from the plant, with stringent monitoring on the water quality of surrounding sources, ensuring zero pollution, low energy consumption and clean production in our production. The Group paid great attention to water resources management during the process of operation in water-scarce areas to avoid excessive extraction of local water resources. In 2021, the Group has identified more precisely 10 provinces, cities and autonomous regions in the PRC that are experiencing water scarcity by making reference to the China Water Resources Bulletin 2020 published by Ministry of Water Resources of the People s Republic of China, the seventh National Population Census issued by National Bureau of Statistics, and the definitions of the World Water Forum. In recent years, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in water-scarce areas. The average water consumption of the Group s operating plants in water-scarce areas was 2. 65 cubic metres per kilolitre output, which was lower than the Group s overall average water consumption and was an outstanding performance in the beer industry. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION (CIP) (RO) 38, 781 30, 837 3. 25 2. 74 1, 500 41 380 13 1, 120 Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year Change 30, 837 29, 330 5. 1 water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 2. 74 2. 69 2. 0 water consumption intensityCubic metres per kilolitre output The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy saving technology to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include Water-saving transformation of packaging bottle washer; Heat balance transformation of packaging sterilization machine; Steam condensate water recycling and comprehensive utilization of the whole plant, etc. Besides, we also launched various measures for water recycling, such as Recycling of self-produced steam condensate water; Cooling recycled water from filling machine vacuum pump; Recycling of saccharified wort cooling hot water; Recycling of water from Clean in Place (CIP); Recycling of reverse osmosis (RO) concentrated water; Reuse of serial water, etc. Through the aforesaid water saving technologies and processes, the total water consumption of the Group decreased from 38, 781 thousand cubic metres in 2016 to 30, 837 thousand cubic metres in 2021; the total water intensity per kilolitre output decreased from 3. 25 cubic metres in 2016 to 2. 74 cubic metres in 2021, which is leading among the domestic industry peers and comparable to the international peers. The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 15 million cubic metres in 2016 (representing approximately 41 of the total water consumption) to over 3. 8 million cubic metres in 2021 (representing approximately 13 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 11. 20 million cubic metres. The water consumption data of the Group in 2020 and 2021 is set out as follows 74 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 2 5 (COD) pH sewage disCharge ManageMent In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complied with the national or local sewage discharge standards, formulated the internal control index in compliance with regulations and requirements, managed and controlled sewage discharge risks. The Group regards the environmental performance of plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, we continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. In 2021, Deyang Plant and Huludao Plant whose sewage was discharged into natural waters have been closed, while Dongcheng Plant has switched from discharging into natural waters to discharging into centralized municipal sewage treatment. As of the end of 2021, CR Beer had only 2 plants (2020 5 plants) that discharged its sewage into natural waters. Both plants have been equipped with sewage treatment systems, and the sewage shall only be discharged into natural waters after being treated to reach the standard set locally. In addition, devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at each plant, which is connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for real- time data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 1, 915 1, 866 97. 4 (COD) 43. 2 31. 8 Emission type Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year Change (Cod) 879 959 -8. 4 Chemical oxygen demand (Cod) Tons 851 911 -6. 5 Cod (discharged into municipal sewers)Tons 28 49 -43. 2 Cod (discharged into natural waters) Tons 92 94 -1. 4 total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tons 91 91 -0. 6 ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers)Tons 2 2 -31. 8 ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters)Tons In 2021, the amount of sewage generated by the Group reached 19. 15 million tons, of which the amount of sewage discharged into the centralized municipal sewage treatment after initial treatment to required discharge limit at the factory was 18. 66 million tons, representing 97. 4 of the total. Benefitted from this, the amount of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and ammonia nitrogen emissions of the Group being discharged into natural waters recorded a year-on-year decrease of 43. 2 and 31. 8, respectively. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. resourCeful utiliZation of beer waste water The Group actively promoted the resourceful utilization of beer waste water in respond to the new policy stated in National Water Pollutant Discharge Standard that sewage with better biochemical properties discharging into centralized sewage treatment facilities can apply negotiated discharging limit. Therefore, the Group has been actively enhancing the communication and co-operation between each plants and downstream sewage treatments facilities to promote the implementation of negotiated discharging limit. On the one hand, it can effectively recycle brewery wastewater, reduce the cost of enterprise sewage treatment, and reduce carbon emissions. On the other hand, downstream sewage treatments facilities can reduce the addition of nutrients and save the cost of purchasing carbon source externally, which can stabilize water quality while lowering operational costs. As of the end of 2021, the subsidiary plants in Suzhou, Changzhou, Binzhou, Mianyang, Yichang and other cities had implemented negotiated discharging limit while plants in Qinhuangdao and other cities are in active communication and co-ordination. In particular, it focuses on the requirements for the evaluation of all indicators of sewage, the change of the total amount limit, and the evaluation of economic benefits. The project researched on how to recycle and utilize resources according to the characteristics of brewery wastewater, aiming to reduce cost and increase efficiency. The laboratory experiment of the project has been initially completed, following with two pilot tests carried out in Foshan Plant and Yantai Plant of CR Beer. In the future, the Group will continue to sort out beer production projects, strengthen internal energy efficiency management, continue to improve water efficiency, increase water recycling, and strengthen watersaving renovations. In addition, we will continue to study the comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater effectively, turning waste into treasure and recycling resources effectively. V) PACKAGING MATERIAl AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the use of resources. The waste generated during the Group s operation mainly includes distiller s grains and waste yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, we have formulated a series of management regulations such as the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB and the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION Aluminum Cans 0. 265 0. 260 The thickness of aluminum cans reduced from 0. 265mm to 0. 260mm. Cartons Use low-gram, high-strength base paper; 215 200 Promote pre-printed cartons to replace offset cartons, decreasing the weight of carton from 215 grams to 200 grams; 37 82 The proportion of the use of pre-printed cartons increases from 37 in the previous period to 82 in 2021. Pallets All wooden pallets and iron pallets have been replaced by plastic pallets. Glass Bottles Develop a glass recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast. Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year change 6, 436 6, 655 -3. 3 glass bottle 1, 000 tons 114 109 4. 7 aluminum Can 1, 000 tons 326 300 8. 6 Carton 1, 000 tons 12 12 -2. 5 Plastic film 1, 000 tons 80 20 reduCe the outPut of PaCkaging Materials On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been labouring to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows In 2021, the Group successfully carried out the production and use test of the 330 milliliters Heineken lightweight bottle in the Jiashan Plant. Under the premise of ensuring the quality and capacity of the beer bottle remain unchanged, the lightweight beer bottle of this project achieved a 17 reduction in bottle weight with energy consumption and carbon emissions per unit of beer bottle decreased by 18. The data on the Group s consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are set out as follows Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, we increase the recycling of glass bottles put them into use again after cleaning and disinfection. Approximately 80 of the glass bottles used by the Group in 2021 were recycled and approximately 20 were newly purchased. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited 80 3. 3 4. 7 100 49 47 800 Among the packing materials currently used by the Group, caps, cans and cartons are all recyclable materials; glass bottles are reusable materials. We cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In 2021, the use of glass bottles decreased by 3. 3 year-on-year and the use of aluminum cans increased by 4. 7 year-on-year. In addition, for the packaging materials that fails to pass the internal quality control, the plant recycles 100 of the discarded aluminum cans, glass slags and waste cartons, and puts them back into the production process to achieve zero waste in the production process. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group s strategic promotion of high-quality product, the Group has further improved its quality control system for the recycling glass bottle in whole flow. Various initiatives such as refining the standards for recycled bottles, carrying out extended quality management on recycled bottles, promoting the establishment of the capillary-type rapid bottle-returning channels and replacing bag packaging with innovative polypropylene box for returning transportation are promoted and implemented effectively. For example, we require upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. In 2021, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group s imported malt using individual packaging continued to decrease from 49 in 2020 to 47, saving a total of 8 million packaging bags. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 98. 0 99. 4 2 Unit 2021 2020Year-on-year change 1, 521. 6 1, 486. 9 2. 3 general solid waste production 1, 000 tons 1, 513. 0 1, 449. 0 4. 4 integrated use of solid waste utilization1, 000 tons 99. 4 97. 5 2 general solid waste integrated utilization rate2 point 280. 4 288. 6 100 4. 2 2. 5 0. 8 EHS 100 2021 2020 Type of recyclable waste Unit OutputRecycling rate OutputRecycling rate 185 100 169 100 dried distiller s grains 1, 000 tons 16 100 16 100 dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tons solid waste and haZardous waste ManageMent The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14th Five-Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2021, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group was 99. 4, representing an increase of 2 percentage points over the same period last year. The relevant data is as follows There is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group s production process. The Group generated approximately 280. 4 tons (2020 288. 6 tons) of hazardous waste in 2021, all of which were entrusted to external professional agencies for environmentally friendly disposal in accordance with relevant national requirements. In 2021, the recycle rate of dried distiller s grains and dried waste yeasts remained stable at 100. Recycling not only reduces the generation of wastes but also creates an economic value of approximately RMB420 million for the Group, of which the recycled distiller s grains and waste yeast contribute RMB250 million and RMB80 million respectively. The data of recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows 80 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (GPS) ProPerly disPose of wastes In 2021, the Group formulated the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB in accordance with the newly amended Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes to manage solid wastes more effectively. The Group s waste reduction efforts mainly follow the principles of reduction, resourcefulness and harmlessness. We have implemented green operation model covering entire process from procurement to sale. The units for hazardous waste treatment, disposal and transport were selected through public tender by which the units with relevant capacity were selected conduct disposal and transport, and the transfer registration was made in accordance with relevant laws and regulations of the country. In order to effectively monitor the transport process and the final disposal location, factories adopted Global Positioning System (GPS) positioning on transport vehicles, sampling in the transport process, route tracking, etc. In addition, we continue to implement the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes shall be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, we meet the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling distiller s grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. In order to ensure that disposal is compliant with pertinent regulations, we also check and verify the process of solid waste disposal on a monthly basis, and are committed to achieving managed and supervised closed-loop control and management of waste and obsolete material recycling. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff 382 24 725 2, 200 For a long time, the Group has been committed to promoting community caring charity affairs, and have paid attention to the community development in several fields including disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion and environmental protection. In 2021, the Group conducted charity events for the entire year, with poverty support, rescue and donation and pandemic prevention as their core. A total of 725 volunteers participated and 2, 200 hours recorded for volunteer events. I) SOCIAl WElFARE In disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion and environmental protection, the Group has been promoting social charity affairs and has actively paid attention to the community development. In 2021, the Group encouraged each internal unit to carry out various types of project, including Care for Left-behind Children Project of Qiannan Plant; Environmental Day and Safety Month promotional event at Yilan Plant; Anshan Sales Region organized a Warmth Dedication event to donate warm clothes and food to Gangcheng sanitation workers; Fujian Regional Company commenced a series of public welfare activities, including Learn from Lei Feng volunteer service, community cleaning, blood donation, anti-pandemic volunteer service, etc. Harbin Plant and Anti-Fraud Center of Shangzhi City Public Security Bureau jointly launched a prevention publicity on telecom and internet scam. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited POVERTY AllEVIATION AND EDUCATION SUPPORT ACTIVITY 12, 000 The Group supported the Fushun City Jusha Charity Red Cross Volunteer Services Team and commenced a poverty and education support activity, with donation of RMB12, 000, awarded the Special Contribution Award by Fushun City Jusha Social Services Centre. The Yuncheng factory in Henan actively commence the donation event for flood prevention and rescue and donated in total RMB9, 550. lOVE BlOOD DONATION 27 On the occasion of the Lei Fung s Memorial Day in 2021, the Shenyang factory announced the voluntary blood donation love initiative and organized a total of 27 people to take part in the voluntary blood donation event, in order to help people in need. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (II) COMMUNITY COMMUNICATION AND ENGAGEMENT In addition to operating beer business, the Group still upholds the concept of localized operation and strives to promote local economy and improve the employment of local residents to achieve joint community construction. In response to the national policy, the Group launched a series of employment programs under the pressure of the pandemic, to solve local employment problems caused by pandemic and boost the economic recovery. In 2021, the construction of CR Snow headquarters and CR Snow beer town construction project had been commenced. These production projects are expected to help recruiting local employees and migrant workers to return to their hometowns for employment. In addition, the Group has also carried out on-campus recruitment in recent years, recruiting local fresh graduates and local personnel, which not only promotes the employment of university students and locals, but also attracts talents for the Group s business development. Besides, we actively co-operated with local universities and colleges to improve local residents vocational skills and increase their employment opportunities through academic and employment support, and professional skills training. ON-CAMPUS RECRUITMENT 2022 28 11, 599 The 2022 autumn on-campus recruitment of CR Snow has ended successfully with 28 colleges and universities visited and 11, 599 resumes received, which is expected to attract more fresh blood and bring more vitality to the Group. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e (III) PREVENTION AND CONTROl OF COVID-19 In view of the COVID-19, the Group released early warning information of the pandemic, initiated emergency response and actively organized effective response. The pandemic decision- making team set up by the Group continues to maintain strict supervision, clarifies all units and departments responsibility and measures to ensure an effective leadership, and improves the prevention and control system as well as supervision and management system, continuing to strictly and seriously carry out its anti-pandemic duties and ensuring the implementation of all- round anti-pandemic prevention and control work. The Group not only convenes regular work meetings, but also follows up on the latest development of the pandemic, analyzes the situation, co-ordinates and oversees the implementation of the pandemic prevention work by all units and departments. In response to the challenges imposed by the pandemic, the Group has established a normalized pandemic management mechanism of preventing imported cases and internal spreading, in order to prevent imported infection and outbreak in communities. We formulated a detailed mechanism in accordance with the latest national policy announcements. In combination with local policies and actual conditions, the Group conducts health management for staff returning to work and implements normalized pandemic prevention and control measures, effectively promoting smooth resumption of work and production in all units of the Group and reducing the risk of spreading. Environmental, Social and Governance Report Appendix Chapter 4 Social Responsibility About this report Foreword About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 500 30, 000 The Group is committed to creating a working environment for its employees that meets the national occupational safety and health standard and the requirements of hygiene, and it deems pandemic prevention support measures as a necessary work for each department and regularly procures anti- pandemic medical supplies. Also, during the pandemic, we confirm the list of supplies for pandemic prevention to actively provide employees with necessary masks and disinfectants, ensuring a sufficient and safe protection for employees. The Group strengthens the sanitation management of various office areas, manufacturing sites and public areas, and arranges for specially-assigned personnel to carry out sterilisation and disinfection every day to ensure a clean and tidy working environment for staff. At the same time, the Group publicizes pandemic prevention knowledge, teaches protective skills, and improves employees awareness of self-protection through the combination of online and offline methods. In 2021, in addition to the strict implementation of the internal pandemic prevention work, the Group also encourage employees to participate in volunteer activities and actively participate in community pandemic prevention work. For example, the Dalian Plant of the Group has taken the employees who participated in pandemic prevention volunteer activities as normal attendance to work and issued order of commendation accordingly. At the same time, all subsidiaries of the Group also donated anti-pandemic materials and living support materials to health and anti-pandemic departments across the country, establishing a responsible and reliable corporate image. Among which, the Ganqinghai-Tibet regional company of the Group organized the Love in Jincheng, Fight against the Pandemic Together anti-pandemic material donation activity in October 2021, donating 500 sets of medical protective clothing and other materials which amounted to RMB30, 000 to Anning District, Lanzhou City. That company was therefore awarded the honorary title of Enterprise Devoted to the Fight against the Pandemic by Lanzhou Anning District Charity Association due to its contribution to the local community. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company LimitedAPPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A A Environmental a1 emission General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. GRI103 103 2(c-i) GRI 305 GRI306 GRI305 GRI307 307 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(c-i) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 305 Emissions Management approach disclosures guidance GRI 307 Environmental Compliance Disclosure 307 163-80 A1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions information. GRI306 306 2(b) GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosure 306 2(b)79 A1. 5 Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI103 103 2 GRI305 GRI305 1. 2 305 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 305 Emissions) GRI 305 Emissions Clause 1. 2 and Disclosure 305 519, 66-69, 74-76 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI103 103 2 GRI306 GRI306 306 2 306 4 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosures 306 2 and 306 419, 65, 79-80 87 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number a2 use of resources General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. GRI103 103 2(c-i) GRI301 GRI302 GRI303 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(c-i) (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, and GRI 303 Water)63-80 A2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in 000s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). N A73 A2. 3 Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI103 103 2 GRI302 GRI302 302 4 302 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 302 Energy) GRI 302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 519, 66-69 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI103 103 2 GRI303 GRI303 303 3 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 303 Water) GRI 303 Water Disclosure 303 319, 72-76 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. GRI103 103 1 103 2 GRI301 GRI302 GRI303 GRI304 GRI305 GRI306 GRI303 303 2GRI304 304 2GRI306 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 1 and 103 2 (used together with GRI 301 Materials, GRI 302 Energy, GRI 303 Water, GRI 304 Biodiversity, GRI 305 Emissions, and GRI 306 Effluents and Waste) GRI 303 Water Disclosure 303 2GRI 304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2GRI 306 Effluents and Waste Disclosures 306 3(c) and 306 566-80 88 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number a4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI103 103 2(c-i) GRI201 )GRI 102 102-29 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103-2 (c-i) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance)GRI 102 General Disclosures Disclosure 102-2966-71 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social b1 employment General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and ( b ) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI401 401 1(b) GRI 401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)50 b2 health and safety General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI103 103 2(c-i) GRI403 GRI419 419 1 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(c-i) (used together with GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety) GRI 419 Socioeconomic Compliance Disclosure 419 159-62 89 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI403 403 2GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 260 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI404 404 1 GRI 404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 158 b4 labour standards General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI103 103 2(c-i) GRI308 GRI414 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2(c-i) (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment)37-42 B5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. GRI102 102 9GRI102 General Disclosures Disclosure 102 939 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI103 103 2 GRI308 GRI414 GRI308 308 1 308 2GRI414 414 1 414 2 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosure 103 2 (used together with GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosures 308 1 and 308 2 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosures 414 1 and 414 237-42 91 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About this report Foreword Appendix About Us Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 4 Social Responsibility Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 2 Care for Staff APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number b6 Product responsibility General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. N A29 B6. 2 Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with. N A25-29 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI103 103 2 103 3(a-i) GRI418 GRI 103 Management Approach Disclosures 103 2 and 103 3(a-i) (used together with GRI 418 Customer Privacy)35-37 92 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number b7 anti-corruption General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI205 205 3 GRI 205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205 345 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle- blowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI203 203 1(a) GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)32, 81-85 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. hk Email info crb. Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Index of HKEX 72Care for Health Alleviating Poverty in the Countryside Combating COVID-19 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission ReductionEmployee Growth Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Superior Quality Premium Services Harnessing Digital PowerCorporate Governance Risk Control Tackling Corruption16 16 1832 46 4966 67 70 54 56 57 59 6022 25 28About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management02 04 06 10Table of Contents Compliance Operations Premium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Development and ProsperityDevotion to Philanthropic Causes Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 1 3 5 2 4 02 03 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report This report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, and promote balanced and sustainable development. The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors. About This Report Reporting Period This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2021, with some parts earlier or later than the time above. Reporting Scope It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries. Data Sources Reporting Reference Data in this report comes from internal statistics, documents, reports, third- party investigations and interviews. This report was prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) and in particular with its comply or explain requirements regarding the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). Reporting Entity Access to this report Form of Report For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report. The electronic version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the traditional Chinese version as it shall prevail. About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 04 05 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report As 2021 ended, the coronavirus is continuing to gain pace, the world economy is struggling to recover from the pandemic, the international situation is ravaged by conflict, extreme weather happens regularly, and the global supply chain risks are heightening. Hence, we reached the business goal set for 2021, further reinforced the industrial ecology, and fulfilled social responsibility with the excellent quality and warmth which Chinese brands have. Feihe pursues the value of mother's career and future career, and provides high-quality products and services for mothers and infants with conscience and ingenuity. In 2021, we joined hands with 12 academicians and experts in the industry and cooperated with top universities and institutions to jointly build a number of high-level research platforms integrating production, university, research and application. We improved the research theoretical system which evidences More Suitable for Chinese Babies and refined the fresher and more suitable milk powder formula and technology. We promoted the digital upgrading of the whole industry value chain, built the example as a world-class smart factory, and pioneered the second- class manufacturing monitoring and management; we have developed a brand-new smart supply chain, comprehensively increased the digital collaboration with the external ecosystem, and quickly integrated the online and offline resources. Chinese enterprises have opened the era of green Message from the Chairman development against the backdrop of the national strategy of carbon neutrality and carbon peaking. As a leader and pioneer in the industry, Feihe firmly prioritises ecological, green, and low-carbon sustainable development. In terms of production, we vigorously promote the coal-to-gas project in plants, and use clean energy to reduce emissions; we are the first in the industry to establish the factory-in-factory model, which effectively reduces transportation costs, and lowers energy consumption and exhaust emissions. Amid steady and green development, Feihe has always adhered to the corporate spirit of Doing our Best to Repay the Society, actively assumed the social responsibilities and delivered brand value and warmth. For our shared future, our power in strategy, technology, products, channels, organizations and digitization strongly convinces us that we can confidently meet challenges, keep our integrity and innovate with the times, and lead the industry to forge ahead in a new journey. Leng Youbin Chairman May 2022About This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 06 07 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report About Feihe Company Profile Seeing our Efforts Rewarded Feihe, which was established in 1962 and based in Qiqihar, in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feihe is among China's longest-operating dairy brands. Over the past 60 years, we have been a pacesetter and innovator improving techniques, processes, and formulas in the manufacturing of milk powder for infants and toddlers in China. The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children. We have achieved targets for 2020 -as per the government's Dairy Industry Rejuvenation Guidelines in terms of forage-planting, private farm construction and the self-sufficiency rate of raw milk. One hundred percent of our baby formula is made from our farms' fresh raw milk. We are consumer-oriented, put actions before words, seek win-win outcomes and have an endless passion for excellence. Embedded in our DNA since our inception, these core values continue to guide our journey. Our employees understand their responsibilities and work hard to fulfill them, day in, day out. By studying the nutritional components of breast milk, we focused on manufacturing better formulas for Chinese babies. We are a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert that brings joy and health to families. Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was awarded the Star of Good Faith 2020 Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as Top 10 Business Integrity Examples 2021 11th China Charity Awards The Responsible Enterprise in 2021 the Summit Forum on CSR in ChinaFirst Prize of Technological Progress Award of China Dairy Industry Association Leng Youbin, Chairman of Feihe, was named as National Outstanding Professional and Technical Talent Science and Technology Award by 2021 China General Chamber of Commerce Aiben milk powder series for adults won the R&D Innovation Breakthrough Award of China Glycemic index (G)I International ConferenceBig Data-Driven Innovative Application Project was listed into the 2021 Big Data Industry Development Pilot Demonstration Project of the Ministry of Industry and Information TechnologySociety Innovation Digitization Our Vision Our Values Our MissionBe a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Bring joy and health to familiesPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 08 09 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportKey performances in 2021 Premium Experiences with Feihe Products Devotion to Philanthropic CausesPromoting Shared Development and Prosperity Assisted the pasture to complete Completed reported a revenue ofAchieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system certificationreviewed pasture management in Canada factories in Chinaimprovement projects improvement projects through the pillarsexternal internal ones 5110 37 69 RMB49. 41 million fully covered with intelligent systems2 factories6 2027 Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 50 of factories earned ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certificationsDonated RMB 16. 047 million in 2021 Increased the value of more than 1 million mu of farmland in the province Donated RMB 176 million of globally top medical equipment to 11 hospitals in Gannan, Kedong and other countiesboosted the income of Invested more than RMB 24 million in Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviationbenefited 1, 466 people with eye diseasesDonated RMB 2. 93 million to the eye charities activitySaved 6, 921. 71 tce of energy with energy- efficient projectsHeld 90 plus campus fairs and job fairsImported 53 managers or above level Saved 167, 400 tons of water with water-efficient projects13 activities on Environmental Protection Dayattracting 2, 386 employeerecruited 184 management trainees92 were professional and technical talents33 hold master s degree and above6 were doctors 150, 000 farmers created 150, 000 jobsInvested RMB 425 million in R&Dwith 105 patents authorisedHelped more than 400 employeesdistributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 millionWomen accounted for 44. 9 of our employees 39. 8 of the management100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks100 of employees were subject to safety traininginvested RMB 18. 7325 million in workplace safetyTrained 100 of employeeswith 51. 2 hours per personsuppliers passed the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC subsidiaries widely used WCM for productionAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 10 11 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportSustainability Management Philosophy of SustainabilityCommunication with Stakeholders Feihe has incorporated responsibility and commitment into the DNA of its corporate development and attaches great importance to sustainable development management. With the values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellence, we pursue sustainability in five key areas quality innovation; shared industry prosperity; ecological cycle; people-oriented responsibility; love and care. The communication and engagement of stakeholders are an important part of realizing sustainable development. Sustainable Development Model Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for familiesVision Mission Bring joy and health to families Values Brand Positioning Action Principle Key AreasPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and keep improving China Feihe, more suitable for Chinese babies Seeking sustainability in a more suitable way Taking on more suitable responsibilities with our best to benefit society Creating more suitable overall value to meet the needs and expectations of all stakeholdersQuality innovation Shared industry prosperity Ecological cycle People-oriented care Love and responsibilityGovernments and regulators Operate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on time Accept supervision and assessment Participate in meetings and training organised by government and industry associations Shareholders and investors Improve returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market value Convene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular announcements Organise investor relations activities Consumers Produce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication channels Conduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualised traceability across the industry Industry chain partners Abide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growth Communicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peers Engage in fair competition Boost the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research with universities Environmentalists Protect the environment Use resources responsibly Build green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions Employees Safeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balance Build a multitiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees Communities Boost local economies Engage with the community Help those in need Provide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babiesMain stakeholders Expectations and demands Our responsesAbout This Report Message from the Chairman About Feihe Sustainability Management 12 13 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Materiality Assessment Board StatementTo prepare this report, we follow the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide Main Board Listing Rules in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX, actively interact and communicate with all stakeholders, and make comparing analyses of topics as disclosed in the ESG report of companies of the same industry. The process was as follows Feihe attaches importance to the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that are crucial to our sustainability with a commitment to high-level corporate governance; we strive to align ourselves to the best international and local corporate governance practices for the interests of shareholders, other investors, customers, suppliers, employees and the public. It takes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reports, formulates and reviews policies and routine matters related to sustainability as well as the environment, social and corporate governance. Also, it oversees important ESG matters that may affect the Company's business or operation and the rights and interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board of Directors evaluates, judges and ranks substantive issues that have a significant impact on the Company, discusses and determines sustainability priorities based on the external sustainability environment and the company's development strategy; it plays the regulatory role to review the progress and supervise the implementations. This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2021 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2022. In 2021, we reviewed the substantive topics and reassessed, analysed and adjusted them in combination with the macro policy and directions of sustainability, as well as our significant strategic direction and the demands of stakeholders, so as to better respond to the sustainability trend and the demands of stakeholders. The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2021 are determined as follows Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2021Importance to stakeholdersImportance to the Company LowMedium High 751 6 92 4 3Social issuesEnvironmental issues Nineteen issues concerning the environment, labour, operations, communities and, corporate governance were identified. Senior management assessed the impact of the identified issues on our core business segments. The issues were ranked based on their significance to stakeholders and to the stakeholder and to Feihe. This ranking was represented in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclosure. Under the criterion of national laws and regulations and domestic and foreign regulatory require- ments, we further implement systems and take improved anti-risk prevention and control measures. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCorporate Governance Risk ControlWe follow laws and regulations in the places we operate, including the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and Cayman Islands Companies Law, and all applicable provisions of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules by HKEX. Feihe places importance on corporate risk control. Under the improved risk management policies, we inspect internal control and identify and resist operational risks in multiple dimensions. By summarizing the operation practices, we deal with the possible risks in production and operation in terms of risk management and audit to improve the risk control points in each business. Our Board of Directors comprises eleven directors, including four executive directors, three non-executive directors and four independent non-executive directors, who are independent of holding shareholders in the areas of management, operations and finance. The board's responsibilities are determined as per our amended and restated memorandum and Articles of Association. The board implements resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders, formulates development strategies and investment plans, evaluates our governance, risk management and internal controls, and ensures we follow and practice relevant laws and regulations. The Company has formulated appropriate policies and strategies to review the effectiveness of the risk control system, and the Audit Committee is responsible for the risk management and internal control system. In the risk control system, our Crisis Management System of Feihe Dairy prioritises risk prevention and focuses on early warnings, the crisis management system clarifies the responsibilities of crisis management organization. The crisis management team defuses risks and, should crises occur, we examine the damage they cause and draw lessons to avoid them in the future. Our Basic Guidelines for Internal Control defines the organization and responsibilities in the three lines of defense. Risk Control System Classify the risk events in 2021, and deal with them with different strategies and closed-loop management methods. Risk identificationWe have an internal control system and an internal audit system for corporate governance. In 2021, we comprehensively updated the detailed list of approval authority of each system in the rules, clarified leaders' responsibility for their businesses with more responsibility in the process, and established a more standardised and proper approval process and authority. In addition, we revised the internal control system in terms of supplier management, intangible asset management, intellectual property protection, information confidentiality, etc. We evaluated the current internal control and preliminarily identified risks in product innovation, marketing, supplier selection and contract, and information security. In this way, we established the internal control process framework, and systematically implemented the internal control management system in different fields. In terms of an internal audit system, our Audit System of Feihe Dairy specifies that directors, senior managers, functional departments, wholly-owned or holding companies and joint-stock companies with significant influence should be audited and supervised, and sets punishments for violations at different levels. On the basis of the internal audit, in order to further strengthen the supervision of the company's internal control and improve the objective independence and professional level of supervision, the company hired a third-party internal control consultant to review the relevant internal control measures in the main business processes to ensure their effectiveness, explore the deficiencies in the system and identify improvement opportunities, put forward suggestions on remedial measures and review the implementation and implementation of measures. Audit and Supervision 18 19 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXTackling CorruptionFeihe rigorously follows laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China. Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures For Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy prevent or penalise illegal behaviour such as corruption and money- laundering. Anticorruption has been added as a metric for assessing our overall performance and that of our subsidiaries, to encourage all employees to behave properly and legally. Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy stipulates types of behaviour deemed corrupt for suppliers and distributors and outlines penalties for corruption. The Company imposes internal economic and or administrative punishment on fraud depending on the seriousness and transfers the suspects to the judicial authority. The Company's reporting system protects informants. Employees and partners can report cases via hotline, email and letter. On receiving a complaint, we begin a review and set up a taskforce to investigate. The taskforce collects evidence, files a report, follows up and provides feedback. The personal information of informants and investigators is kept strictly confidential. The offenders were penalised appropriately. Anti-corruption Promotion No one will dare to be corrupt No one is able to be corrupt No one wants to be corruptAnti-fraud responsibilities of Audit and Internal Control Center Investigate fraud cases; Submit handling opinions and report to the mana-gement, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors; Engage all functional departments and subsidiaries in annual fraud risk assessment and self-assessment; Accept whistleblows on fraud; Publish anti-fraud prevention. The Company attaches great importance to the integrity education of employees and stakeholders. The anti-corruption and anti- bribery training raises our employees' awareness of compliance. In 2021, we invited distributors from large regions, provinces, and districts and key customers to participate in online policy and compliance training to implement the policies. In 2021, we hosted 27 strategy lectures on implementing an annual audit management system and special training on distributor anti-corruption, to educate our directors, executives, employees and distributors. The taskforce analyses the key evidence, determines the investigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval. The taskforce verifies and investigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evidence. Anti-corruption Training Reporting Process Preliminary examination Initiating complaintsCollecting evidenceInvestigation reportFeedback to senior levels Health promotion meeting on Northern Henan Province Policy education Internal training on safety system 20 21 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Superior Quality2 Premium Services Harnessing Digital Power Safety and quality fundamentally guarantee Feihe's products. In addition, we continue to lead the high-quality development of the industry and practise the commitment of leading freshness with advanced technology. On the basis of the original fresh milk procurement control procedures and milk source management, we strengthened the supplier control in 2021, All pastures for milk supply were required to be certificated by the GAP, and we added two management processes pasture management and annual milk source planning. Factory feeds back the results to the pasture, and tracks and checks the rectification to ensure a safe milk source in pastures. In 2021, Feihe assisted the pastures to complete 37 improvement projects and completed 5 external and 10 internal evaluations throughout the year. Internal pastures involved 86 problems and all were qualified after the audit. We have terminated the milk supply from external pastures that were discovered with problems. Assisted the pasture to complete 37 improvement projects86 problems involved in internal pastures and all qualified after the audit 10 internal pastures evaluated5 external pastures evaluatedManaging Veterinary Medicine To ensure the health of cows and the safety of milk sources, and eliminate the medicine risk, Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650-2019 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limit of Veterinary Drugs in Food; we also formulate the risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to risk early warning of chemical pollutants in milk and dairy products issued by the European Union, WHO, FDA, and Canadian Food Inspection Agency. The monitoring plan is for factories to establish quality monitoring plan for raw milk and dairy raw materials which monitors chemical pollution such as veterinary drug residues and hormones. The use of veterinary drugs should be approved and purchased according to the regulations, and diagnosis and treatment, dosage and inventory are registered to ensure accurate use. In terms of the use of antibiotics, we control it by types of used drugs in pastures and the risk level and classify the cows taking drugs into the antibiotic risk of cows at the source. Also, the third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiotic residues in raw milk. With a clean diet and comfortable living environment, we satisfy cows' socialising needs, trim their hooves, keep them hygienic, and eliminate their diseases and insect pests. In addition, we play music for them; massage brushes and shower heads are installed in the rest area. These measures protect and enhance the life quality of cows. Our factory has used such tools as the Manufacturing Execution System (MES) of the World Class Manufacturing (WCM), the Warehouse Management System (WMS), and the EV System for Equipment Management. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOutlining Recall Procedures In accordance with the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Administrative Measures for Food Recall, we have formulated the Management Procedure for Product Recall and Nonconforming Product Control Procedure. The procedures define the product recall process and the main departmental responsibilities, which are strictly implemented by us. In addition, we standardise the process to investigate internal food safety risks and inspect all types of products every year. If any abnormality is revealed, we immediately investigate deviations, assess risks and determine the disposal plan to legally dispose of nonconforming products. In 2021, we reported no product recall. Our quality safety management covers the whole supply chain. Our 6 factories in China and 1 in Canada achieved CE (Communate Europpene) certification for imported equipment. A full set of German GEA production lines was introduced and the production process was automated. We and our plants have more than 500 quality managers. Besides, on the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10767, and GB 19301, our laboratory monitors the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspects each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards. In addition, we also monitor, track and analyse the manufacturing environment, process, circulation channels and product stability on the shelf to ensure the continuous, safe and stable quality of samples. Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process. The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems, reinforces good practices, and improves the quality of milk sources from the pasture. In 2021, our 202 suppliers were certificated by the ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC 22000 food safety management system certification and ISO 22000 food safety management system. In 2021, we created seven management procedures such as Allergen Management Procedure, HACCP Management Procedure, Environmental Monitoring and Control Procedure, Internal Audit Management Procedure, and seven quality and safety management specifications such as Guidelines for HACCP Templates, Specifications for the Retention and Shelf Life Evaluation of Infant Formula Milk Powder, and Guidelines for the Verification Management of Oscillating Screen to enhance quality and safety management system. In addition, we continue to widely use WCM in the production of 7 subsidiaries. We have completed 69 improvement projects through the pillars and reported a revenue of RMB 49. 41 million. RMB 49. 41 million Revenue raised69 improvement projects through the pillarsPremium ServicesWe continue to improve our service and product quality. Consumer Engagement Feihe attaches great importance to effective communication with consumers. In 2021, we were committed to Putting Consumers First, Actions Before Words, and Achieving Win-Win Outcomes and Keeping Improving. We upgraded intelligent customer service to communicate with customers on self-developed platforms and three- party e-commerce platforms. The integrated, standardised, automated, collaborative, scene-based and data-based all-channel digital intelligent service management could transform the service-oriented call center; also it can build a comprehensive customer contact and service center for online and offline issues. The platform served consumers in depth and provided faster customer service and a better user experience. By the end of 2021, Star Mom has attracted 45 million members in China, and 20 million followers. As a mother and baby service platform with such scale, we always put consumers first by striving to offer professional service on the platform, upgrading the membership system, and prolonging the service cycle of members to build consumers' trust in our brand. Case Feihe's service on the official account of Star Mom Star Mom has attracted 45 million membersFollowers supassed 20 millionIntegrated Stand- ardised Auto - mated CollaborativeScene- BasedData- Based ValuesAll-Channel Digital Intelligent Service Management Achieving Win-Win OutcomesKeeping improvingPutting Consumers First Actions Before Words 26 27 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, the 47 N Fresh Land campaign was a rare milk source exploration that was co-branded with Disney's classic IP, the first attempt in the industry to create a zero-distance immersive experience for consumers with virtual travel in the live streaming. The activities engaged 5. 28 billion posts on social media, re-posted by 240 million comments, and more than 130, 000 followers on all platforms. Case Tracing to the source to 47 N Fresh Land As the first interactive programme co-created with users, the Pioneering Parenting Concepts guided users with newer and more scientific parenting methods explained by industry experts on accurate topics. Season 3 reported 900 million views; it was also mentioned by 2. 7 billion posts and commented on by more than 26 million users. After the programme, we invited Kaishu, the new celebrated host, to build a mental path on our brands for over 16 million users. Case Feihe TV programme - Pioneering Parenting Concepts 5. 28 billion posts engaged on social media Season 3 reported 900 million views240 million comments reposted Mentioned by 2. 7 billion postsProtection of Consumers' Rights and Interests Privacy and Information SecurityWe resolutely safeguarded the rights and interests of consumers. Being responsible to consumers, we revised Management Procedure for Handling Customer Complaints in 2021 and Consumer Consultation & Complaint Risk Identification and Management Process. Furthermore, we clarified the complaint handling responsibility at different levels, opened all channels to accept complaints, and tracked the risks to make the process sound and make users more satisfied. The latter two documents clarify the information security organisations, technical roadmaps, department responsibilities, and the mechanisms and principles of information security. We updated the Information Confidentiality Management System in 2021, which specified how users' personal information should be protected and how departments take their responsibilities. In this way, we complete the standard of grading users' personal information and further increase internal supervision requirements of confidential information. In 2021, we mainly improved information security from the following three aspects 1) the Group's IDC and factory network links were successfully transformed towards IPSEC VPN. The changes reduced the direct connection between non-business networks and IDC systems; they also avoided the cross-transmission of viruses and malicious codes. The zoning and isolation of the office network and industrial control network effectively protected the information security in the industrial control host; 3) Star Mom 3. 0, the online operation platform, was completed in response to national regulatory and compliance requirements. The platform system became safer by upgrading the advanced cloud security center, encrypting data, collecting and analyzing logs, and logging in through MFA. In 2021, we hosted two training on information security awareness and conventional security knowledge; we regularly invited external experts and professional partners to educate our information security personnel and security managers on the latest trends and skills to raise the security awareness, making them better positioned to do their job. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarnessing Digital PowerDigital development, a new generation of information infrastructure, has been included in the outline of the national 14th Five Year Plan. Our digital transformation is continued to be guided by the goal of 3 2 2 IT planning. This strategy puts business systems with intelligent manufacturing at the digital plant and enterprise resource planning at the core. The intercommunicated systems through the business middle office and the information middle office can extend the big data and algorithms to the whole business process. The supply chain system is transitioning from being business-driven to data-driven. The industry value chain is upgrading towards being managed with information technologies and data intelligence. Intelligent Manufacturing With the factory as the center, build the whole industry value chain ranging from raw milk receiving to e-commerce; build an interconnected and shared intelligent network to achieve the goal of digital intelligent transition and upgrading both upstream and downstream. In 2021, the new intelligent manufacturing model was widely promoted and applied. At present, 2 factories have been fully covered with intelligent systems, and 3 factories are advancing. The 5-layers new model enables all-dimensional connections between systems, accurately controls key parameters, realises digital and visual management, and improves the efficiency and management at the factory. Automation control layerUse international advanced PLC and SCADA to control over 90 of automatic equipment, effectively manage and control the operation, and make the production process automatically controlled Device data integration layerInstall and deploy sensors, scanners, upper computers, etc. Integrating sales and e-commerce system, so That the factory can quickly adapt to demand and improve quality and efficiency. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth3 Creating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Pioneering in the Industry Feihe is committed to building a sustainability path with employees and industry partners while achieving mutual benefit and win-win. Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity 32 33 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Employee Growth Recruiting Responsibly We strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Protection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour, and local policies and rules in relation to labour and social security. Our human resources management covers 25 policies and measures on employee relations, recruitment, training, performance, remuneration and benefits, on the basis of laws. And 9 of them were revised in 2021 in relation to performance management, incentive management, benefits management, labour relations management. Talent fundamentally powers our development. We constantly optimise the talent employment, management and training mechanism to protect the legitimate rights and interests of all employees. Employees by genderMale employees 3, 756 Female employees 3, 059 Employees by typeFull-time employees 6, 815 Part-time employees 0 Employees by ageEmployees aged below 30 2, 277 Employees aged 30 - 50 4, 366 Employees aged above 50 172 Employees by regionEmployees overseas 1 Employees in Hong Kong 0 Employees in Chinese mainland 6, 814 Employees by education backgroundEmployees holding bachelor's degree 2, 091 Employees holding associate degree 3, 034 Employees holding a high school diploma or below 1, 512 Employees holding master's degree or above 178 Total employees 6, 815Turnover by genderTurnover of female employees 17. 4 Turnover of male employees 15. 0 Turnover by ageTurnover of employees aged below 30 24. 3 Turnover of employees aged 30 - 50 11. 7 Turnover of employees aged above 50 11. 3 Turnover by regionTurnover of employees in the Chinese mainland16. 3 Our recruitment and hiring system covers internal and external recruitment. Feihe's seven recruitment principlesEqual opportunity Internal priority Internal referral Fair competition and recruit on a selective basisSuitable jobsRefusal of employee's relativesComprehensive examinationTurnover Rate in 2021 Composition of Full-time Employees in 2021 34 35 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, we upgraded our campus recruitment concept - Perfect for each other in the new era - and enhanced our F Star management trainee programme. We have broadened channels and methods and achieved more targeted, diverse and efficient learning. In terms of university-enterprise cooperation, we have launched a diversified cooperation system to link the close relationship and strengthen our brand as an employer by providing on-the-job internships, joint R &D projects, special training, and sponsorship. Against the backdrop of pandemic control, we continued to add multiple positions in campus recruitment. Feihe participated in the all-media interactive live programme - A Job For You - created by China Education Television to help college students in job hunting, innovation, and entrepreneurship, providing job opportunities for graduates. We also visited many colleges and universities across the country for online and offline publicity and communication. In 2021, we recruited more than 184 management trainees via 90 plus campus fairs and job fairs, 50 of whom graduated from universities of Project 985 or Project 211 and international universities. We imported 53 managers or above level, of which 92 were professional and technical talents, 33 hold master's degrees and above, and 6 were doctors. In the F Star management trainee programme, F refers to Feihe and the future. It is a systematic training plan designed by Feihe for the management trainees, which supports and guides them with a four-step four force model; in the process, trainees are able to find out their own positioning and strengthen skills through practice projects. They are also comprehensively evaluated during their periodic work reports and some will be selected to support our future development. During the training, we completed 22 training, including induction training sessions and those provided by the subsystem, and 3 debriefing sessions. Introduction training for management traineesCase F Star management trainee programme in FeiheAs per our Remuneration Management Mechanism and Management Measures, we participate in fast-moving consumer goods industry remuneration annual surveys. This provides a guide to average remuneration for positions in the industry. Our employee remuneration includes fixed income and bonuses. We have always paid attention to the well-being of employees and strive to grow together and inspire their enthusiasm and creativity. In 2021, under the concept of co-ownership, co-creation, shared responsibility and win-win, we innovated the income distribution by creating a long-term stock-based incentive plan for employees at more levels and positions. This plan not only covered senior managers but also benefited middle-level and entry-level managers with outstanding performance, which has been greatly recognised by the majority of employees. As a usual incentive means, the stock-based incentive is an important part of the overall salary system. Our employee promotion combines five principles to create an inclusive growth channel with clear guidance, defined standards, and a standard process. Our improved training organization and three-dimensional training provide employees at all levels with induction, on-the-job, promotion and certification training related to production, marketing and functions. The Company speeds up the development of four guarantees, strengthens the PDCA management for two-level training, and improves the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels. Promoted 99 managers and above; 29 of middle-level managers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 47 of business department managers and above were newly promoted; 50 of middle-level managers such as the general manager of the production plant and the workshop director were transferred for rotation training. Focus on assessing the value, contribution, results and outputs of employees at their work based on their abilities Comprehensively evaluate the personnel structure at all levels of departments, and adjust the proportion of outsiders and internal talents according to the structure and business needs Employees can be promoted by transf- erring to different career directions apart from their planned career ladder and adjusting the growth channel and job category for all-round developmentIn principle, employees are promoted in sequential order. However, emplo- yees making contributions or posse- ssing excellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings Comprehensively assess employees' performance and ability on the basic job qualification, and promote and demote themValuing performance and output Promoting internal talents and outsiders Job transfer through promotionCombining sequential promotion and cross-ranking promotion Promotion and demotion1 2 345Principles of PromotionTraining system - Feihe 3 2 4 learning ecology Strategic needs To achieve the strategic goal of RMB 200 billion, we need to effectively unify ideology, fast train talent and inherit accurate experience. Orientation Play the role of employee development advisor and business partner to achieve the goal of pooling talents sharing the same vision at all levels. Summary A goal Two roles Three skills improved Two-level management Four guaranteeBrand-building connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmosphere with the help of new media Enriching resources selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesManagement and control Establishing a training quality control and effect assessment mechanism and applying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Support constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsLeadership collaborates with the training management team to drive project developmentEnhance production and marketing business capabilities Collaborative capacity enhancement between departments Pool talents sharing the same vision at all levels, and build a powerful organization Lead-ership Level-1 trainingLevel-2 trainingProfes-sional skills General skillsBusiness partner Employee development advisor In-house experience sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer's training The Company offers targeted training in the division of the three areas. Administrative training sessionsmarketing training sessionsproduction training sessions 37There were model courses12There were learning maps for key positions in 57departments 875advisors participated in the training of whom obtained the certification 96 courses on mother and infant products qualification certification I and II Nearly 10, 000 nutrition18 in management. A total of employees participated in the training2, 360in technology and 81courses at the Mo College, including 306There were387Platform construction online learning resources; online training management System and process the system standardises the learning, and the process upgrades efficiency. employees participated in the training 38 39 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn 2021, employees in Feihe (China) received a total of 6, 543 training opportunities and 100 of them attended the training. Our employees were trained for 335, 156. 1 hours in total and 51. 2 hours on average. CompositionOver 500 courses provided by outsiders on leadership, professional skills and general skills More than 1, 200 in-house courses on internal expertise, revised external knowledge, industry report, etc 3-minute Business School, Book Thinking Course Updated and offered open classes for all employees at all system levels according to targeted learning plans and recommendations of employees OperationRecommend good classes every two weeks Video-recorded more than 5, 000 offline training and hosted over 50 live streaming on Shining Star Feihe Academy Regularly carried out learning atmosphere activities, including Tanabata Festival, teacher's day and other festival activities Function Sharing, PK quizzes, and live streaming were popular among employees Functions such as sign-in, examination evaluation and reports recorded employees' learning and strengthen our training management. Case Shining Star Feihe Academy, Feihe's online learning platform 40 41 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXEngaging Employees Ensuring Occupational Health and SafetyWe attach great importance to employee communication and have different platforms to gather their opinions. In 2021, we held an annual general meeting of employees and four quarterly employee representative meetings. We timely communicated our policies, guidelines and instructions to all employees, answered questions about employee relations, and familiarised employees with our strategy to enhance morale toward the same vision. Furthermore, the Company encouraged rich and diverse team-building activities among all systems and departments to create a relaxed and pleasant environment. In 2021, we conducted employee surveys, as part of our Feihe Corporate Culture Rebuilding project. Results showed an overall high level of morale, with our staff scoring higher than the industry averages for loyalty, engagement and satisfaction. We highly value safety management and update our environmental, health and safety (EHS)-related laws and regulations annually. In 2021, we formulated the Procedure for Risk Identification, Evaluation and Controls, the Management Procedure for Compliance Duties and Evaluation, and the S afety Management System for Confined Space. In this way, we improved the workplace safety management responsibility and worked within the safety boundaries. In 2021, our employees received 15. 15 hours of safety training on average. In the Company, 100 of employees exposed to occupational hazards were subject to occupational health checks, and 100 of employees were subject to safety training. Our total investment in workplace safety reached RMB 18. 7325 million. emergency drills and fire drills at our factories and are required to sign the Letter of Safety Responsibility. Number of work-related fatalities (person) Rate of work-related fatalities ( ) Number of days lost due to work-related injuries (days) 2019 2020 20210 0 0 0 0 0337 170646Adding Safeguards Bolstering Workplace SafetyWe have a dual prevention mechanism that grades risks and investigates hazards. Our Procedure Documents for Work Safety Risk Identification and Management and Procedure Documents for Troubleshooting and Treatment of Hidden Risks in Work Safety Accidents are complemented by risk identification tables and risk rectification procedures. The mandate required us to increase employee engagement in risk identification with defined KPIs. For highly dangerous work, we undertake risk prediction, conduct on-site inspections of high-risk operations, and implement a permit-to-work system for special works to maximise the risk. The constructors were required to sign the Safety Responsibility Commitment with builders who did so with professional construction teams, which had to sign the commitment with employees. We inspected the safety on the project site at least once a month. In 2021, our 73 safety training lasted for 270 hours and attracted 1, 718 participants. Potential safety hazards were 100 rectified100 of employees received safety education; 2 of mild injury per month 0 serious injuries and death; We continue to build the ISO14001 and ISO45001 systems. In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO14001 and ISO45001 certifications. By the end of 2020, three of our seven factories had earned ISO14001 and ISO45001 certifications. Another one factory's application was approved. Staff participate in training, 42 43 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXIn June 2021, to create a culture of safety and raise employees' awareness, we held 67 safety activities in the Safety Month themed Implementing safety responsibilities for safe development, which covered 5, 277 employees; in the Occupational Health Week themed creating China with occupational health, we had 33 activities for 6, 108 participants. Our subordinate factories launched 45 activities on Firefighting Day under the theme of implementing firefighting responsibility to prevent safety risks, attracting 3, 415 people. Throughout 2021, Feihe held 24 emergency drills, covering 1, 848 employees. Emergency drill Content Sessions Participants Special emergency plan Fire emergency drill 13 613 Plan for mechanical injury accidents 8 112 Emergency drill for the explosion 5 192 Emergency drill for injuries caused by vehicle forklift 9 93 On-site drill for disposal plan of hazardous chemical leakage 15 175 On-site drill for scalding disposal plan 9 97 On-site drill for disposal plan of poisoning and suffocation 5 36 On-site drill for disposal plan of vehicle-aided operation 2 15 On-site drill for disposal plan of collapse 1 9 On-site drill for disposal plan of frostbite 1 6 On-site drill for disposal plan of falling from height or hitting by objects 11 101 Emergency drill for confined space accident 3 22 Emergency drill for ammonia leakage 3 20 Emergency drill plan for food poisoning 4 62 On site disposal scheme drill of natural gas leakage accident 6 59 Special emergency plan drill for special equipment accidents 2 11 On-site drill for disposal plan of electric shocks 11 89 On-site disposal plan of office fires 2 40 Emergency drill for boiler explosion 5 43 Emergency drill for sterilization pot accidents 1 12 Drill on the excessive discharge of sewage treatment wastewater 3 13 Drill on hazardous waste leakage 1 3 Risk assessment of high-risk operation (hot work, climbing) 1 15 On site disposal plan for heatstroke casualties 2 10Case Promoting a safety culture Caring for Employees Valuing Female EmployeesFeihe attaches importance to the sense of work and happiness of employees and is committed to creating a good work-life balance for employees. In 2021, women accounted for 44. 9 of our employees and 39. 8 of the management. On 8 March 2021, we launched the online event a tribute to women's power on our internal publication Heming, which received more than 300 comments from employees. Exquisite Feihe Ranch gift boxes were presented to female employees at our departments and business units. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXDeveloping Corporate Culture Feihe develops and inherits the culture for employee teams. The corporate culture system, with a focus on upgrading corporate values, covers four dimensions - spirit, behavior, system and material. Our foundation can help solve their urgent needs and enhance their ability to resist risks. Our visits to employees on the eve of the Spring Festival every year bring a warm and peaceful Spring Festival for low-income employees' families. In the 18 years since its establishment, the foundation has helped more than 400 employees and distributed gifts and allowances worth over RMB 14 million. During the Spring Festival in 2021, we cared for the employees who had to stay in their jobs and could not return home during the Spring Festival, which was advocated by the national initiative. Celebrating the Spring Festival with employees all over the worldIn 2021, we carried out five family day activities at our production sites, covering 223 employee families. On Production Family Day, employees' families visited our factory to enjoy happy and warm family time. The criteria include whether they put consumers first, act before words, achieve win-win outcomes and have excellence. At last, 11 examples for entry-level employees stood out after selection, re- evaluation, voting by all employees and final evaluation. They were granted awards at the year-end meeting. In December 2021, Your Pain Will be Rewarding, Feihe's first promotional video was officially released at the end of the year. The film focused on our front-line workers and explains hard work as happiness, which was widely commented and discussed by all walks of life. Promoting family time My Story with Feihe - Example for Entry-level Employees Promotional video Your Pain Will be Rewarding CaseCase Case Case 46 47 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCreating a Mutually Beneficial Industry Chain Managing Supplier Relationships Suppliers play an important role in product quality assurance. Selecting and Developing Suppliers Improved the Potential Supplier Management Process and Basic Agreement Signing Process, required confidentiality agreements before cooperating with suppliers; investigated and analysed potential suppliers through preliminary questionnaires; fully evaluated their reputation, supply risk and willingness to cooperate, and then allowed their entry. Classifying Suppliers Developed the Supplier Graded Management Procedures, classifying suppliers on the name list by grading standards into three types strategic suppliers, core suppliers and general suppliers for differentiated management and guidance. Evaluating Suppliers Suppliers WithdrawalEnhanced the Supplier Performance Evaluation Standard Process and Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement Process; increased supplier performance evaluation mechanism, supplier reward and punishment mechanism and supplier grading system; improved the product and service. Chinese Mainland Suppliers71 Overseas SuppliersDuring the reporting period, we had 202 suppliers, includingStandardised the supplier withdrawal process. Stipulated the removal of suppliers that fail to meet the requirement of quality, cost, delivery, technology, etc. Evaluated suppliers' comprehensive performance monthly and annually in terms of 10 assessment indicators such as quality, delivery, service, audit and contribution; Incentivised excellent suppliers with increased purchase; Supervised disqualified suppliers to improve, and communicated with them to offer assistance if necessary; Included suppliers with poor performance for a long time into the elimination list and made an elimination plan after comprehensive evaluations; Graded suppliers based on the results of annual performance evaluation, innovation, influence and resources; identified strategic suppliers that can grow with us. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXManaging Distributors To build a sustainable industry value chain, the Company works with distributors to create a sustainable and mutually beneficial platform. For distributor cooperation assessment and management, as per our 2021 Distributor Management System, we rigorously assess our distributors. This covers business qualifications, capital status, business channels, business philosophy, industry experience and willingness to cooperate. In 2021, Feihe's Partner Annual Conference was held online under the theme - joining forces to overcome difficulties. We held business communication meetings with key KSC systems and SC systems once a quarter to deepen communication with the SC system, and enhance customer stickiness and buoy performance. In 2021, we held 1, 758 business communication meetings covering 979 systems. The project strives to solve the technical problems in the large-scale green efficient production of large energy milk-based materials and unblock the core technical bottleneck in preparing new core ingredients of infant formula dairy products on a large scale through integrated innovation. The project is based on the contained core technology in making the core ingredients of infant formula dairy products in China and caters to the major needs of the industry. The results of the project reveal the law of quality in change and regulation mechanism in processing and storing the core ingredients. The project brings good economic, social and environmental benefits for the industry. The project Breast Milk Research and Use in China was awarded first prize in the China Dairy Industry Association's Technology Progress category in 2021 Selected as the powerful intellectual property pilot in Heilongjiang Province in 2021 The project - big data driven innovative application was selected into the national big data pilot model by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China Selected into the pilot model of manufacturing and Internet integration by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China for consumer service capability Feihe (Tailai) Dairy Co., Ltd. was selected as the intelligent manufacturing factory in dairy of the 2021 model factory in the intelligent manufacturing pilot by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of ChinaAs an industry leader, we actively revitalise diary with much investment in product innovation, R &D, and transformation. In 2021, we invested RMB 425 million in R&D. At present, Feihe Research Institute has 72 full-time R&D personnel, including 1 professor, 8 associate professors and 8 with doctor's degrees; 81. 9 of the members hold master's degrees or above. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXProtecting Intellectual Property Feihe attaches importance to intellectual property management and system. Our patent applications hit a record high in 2021. At home, Feihe had applied for 38 invention patents, 97 utility model patents, and 26 design patents; we had 105 authorised patents, including 3 invention patents, 74 utility model patents and 28 design patents. By the end of 2021, we had applied for 383 patents, including 111 invention patents, 173 utility model patents and 99 design patents; we had authorised 177 patents, including 23 invention patents, 103 utility model patents and 51 design patents. Capitalising on rich intellectual resources at universities and research institutions, we pursue in-depth industry-university-research integration and train talents for Feihe and for the industry. This creates key competitive edges and drives high-quality development of China's dairy industry. At present, the project proposal has been completed and is advancing orderly to the next planned step. Postdoctoral research workstation is an effective way for enterprises to gather high-level talent teams and combine industry, university and research cooperation; it is also an important engine to boost companies' independent innovation toward leapfrog development. Furthermore, the workstation works as a new bridge connecting high-tech talents and enterprises. In 2021, we researched the project of analysis of nutritious components of breast milk in China and development and commercialization of milk-based infant formula. The project has achieved results both in scientific research and sales. The project collected 712 breast milk samples throughout the year and detected macronutrients and trace elements. In 2021, Feihe, Heilongjiang Ligao Tech Co., Ltd., Northeast Agricultural University and Northeast Forestry University jointly researched the project of development and commercialization of key ingredients and nutritious formula of dairy products. As a result, our new nutritious milk powder for preventing osteoporosis - Aiben dietary bone formula was sold on the market in September 2021. The project also designed the formula milk powder for pregnant women and other special groups to reduce blood pressure; 8 invention patents have been applied to the fruitful results. The project innovated milk powder technology and enhanced industrial R&D, empowering the dairy industry. Case Case Case Postdoctoral workstation Feihe's breast milk and infant milk powder research project Lead the dairy innovation by joining hands with colleges and universities 52 53 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX The Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 20214 Enhancing our Environmental Protection Compliance and Green Production Safe Construction Promoting Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Feihe attaches importance to ecological harmony and practices environmentally- friendly policies. Meanwhile, Feihe vigorously advocates energy conservation and emission reduction and advances towards a circular economy through innovation and environmental protection campaigns. Dedication to the Ecological Cycle 54 55 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXThe Main Review of Feihe' s Key Environmental Performance in 2021 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021 is as follows Waste gasTotal waste gas emissionsm31, 123, 405, 191. 00 1, 711, 320, 300 1, 127, 569, 862. 05 SO2 emissions Tonne 107. 15 26. 22 59. 78 NOx emissions Tonne 113. 38 106. 02 101. 85 PM emissions Tonne 20. 06 6. 25 15. 98 Smoke emissions Tonne 38. 34 5. 28 16. 19 Waste waterTotal domestic and industrial wastewater discharge10, 000 tonnes 96. 23 191. 26 267. 49 COD emissions Tonne 52. 82 148. 08 100. 60 BOD emissions Tonne 10. 97 19. 48 25. 22 Ammonia nitrogen emissionsTonne 0. 99 10. 47 17. 84 CO2 emissionsTotal 10, 000 tonnes 36. 21 15. 55 56. 92 Scope 1 10, 000 tonnes 11. 95 8. 52 46. 41 Scope 2 10, 000 tonnes 24. 26 7. 13 10. 51 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per unitTonne RMB million 0. 0026 0. 00084 0. 0025 Hazardous wasteAbandoned laboratory flasksTonne 5. 58 9. 45 11. 85 Liquid discharge Tonne 7. 73 11. 72 13. 77 Waste engine oil Tonne 2. 14 1. 33 2. 30 Hazardous waste total and densityTotal Tonne 15. 45 22. 50 27. 92 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 0010 0. 0010 0. 0053 Domestic solid wasteOffice wastepaper Tonne 5. 52 0. 73 22. 77 Kitchen waste Tonne 75. 70 65. 91 32. 18 Other Tonne 547. 50 763. 68 629. 59 Total industrial solid wasteAsh Tonne 2, 196. 02 430. 14 377. 63 Slag Tonne 9, 050. 41 8, 554. 61 5, 154. 06 Sludge Tonne 5. 20 3. 01 6. 20 General solid waste total and densityTotal Tonne 11, 880. 34 9, 871. 34 6, 222. 43 Density Tonne RMB million 0. 87 0. 53 0. 27 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Notes 1. Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People's Republic of China. Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption GB T2589- 2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission. Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Notes on the statistical method In 2019, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from seven factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co. Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Zhenlai Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, and Tailai Factory. Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula for sulphur dioxide emissions in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the PRC. Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco and Wine (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels consumed by the Group, including gasoline, diesel, and natural gas and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2021Energy consumption Electricity 10, 000 kWh 5, 132. 70 8, 791. 88 9, 496. 59 Coal Tonne 45, 453. 16 32, 897. 17 20, 345. 03 Diesel Liters 57, 859. 82 91, 109. 89 59, 656. 50 Natural gas10, 000 standard m3 1, 863. 86 3, 884. 03 4, 809. 75 Steam Tonne 476, 469. 22 541, 714. 26 787, 070. 69 Total comprehensive energy consumption10, 000 tonnes of standard coal12. 49 15. 59 17. 69 Comprehensive energy consumption per unitTonne standard coal RMB million0. 0009 0. 00084 0. 00078 Water consumptionTotal office and industrial water consumption 10, 000 tonnes 142. 75 188. 19 325. 70 Water consumption per unitTonne RMB million 104. 03 299. 68 5, 587. 30 Reduction of COD emissionsTonne 7, 199. 49 1, 998. 40 1, 144. 61 Reduction Reduction of CO2 emissions Tonne 68, 709. 39 206, 600. 00 83, 248. 53 Reduction of water consumption10, 000 tonnes 1. 28 10. 72 12. 76 Packaging material consumptionPaper, cardboard Tonne 8, 919. 38 20, 208. 00 18, 924. 00 Iron Tonne 16, 573. 48 29, 550. 00 22, 549. 00 Plastic Tonne 4, 485. 70 7, 884. 00 7, 152. 00 Total Tonne 30, 032. 46 57, 696. 00 48, 626. 00 56 57 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Compliance and Green Production We adhere to the concept of green production and strictly manage waste gas, waste water and industrial residue to minimise the environmental impact caused by the production. Our factories regularly maintain equipment and constantly monitor the operation of boilers and sewage treatment plants to ensure their normal operation. In terms of the treatment of the three wastes, we dispose of hazardous wastes in accordance with laws and regulations and have a sound internal system for disposal. In terms of noise management, we manage the noise within factory boundaries in accordance with laws and reach goals set at the beginning of the year. In 2021, Jilin Factory was awarded Provincial Green factory by Jilin Province and Tailai Factory was awarded Provincial Green Factory by Heilongjiang Province. Our factories strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, and our own procedures and documents, when managing at-source rectification, temporary storage in warehouses and outbound disposal and wastes are disposed of in a pollution-free manner by a registered and qualified third party on a regular basis. In 2021, we updated hazardous waste treatment methods (Q HFR-02-SS-005), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment. In 2021, during the project construction, we stacked domestic garbage in the on-site dustbin, and the local municipal sanitation vehicle cleared them out of the site at a fixed time every week; The construction waste was classified and stacked by the constructors. The on-site construction personnel continuously selected the waste materials and recycled them. The unusable materials, such as gravel, were intensively treated to backfill the foundation on the road in the plant; The nonreusable waste was collected by the constructors and repurchased by the waste recycling station. All factories use technical transformation and conduct team works to reduce the waste of raw materials and packaging materials. At the same time, solid wastes are carefully classified into recyclable and nonrecyclable ones to improve recycling as much as possible. In addition, all employees are informed to sort out waste. Our own universal management systems for environmental protection include the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations and the Environmental Emergency Response Plan of Feihe (Gannan) Dairy Co., Ltd. Our business department updated and issued targeted documents. Subsidiaries converted these documents into company-level documents and incorporated them into their EHS document list. Our effective updated system documents include the Manual of the Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Management System, the Hazardous Waste Management System, the Procedures of Environmental Factor Recognition, Assessment, and Management, the Procedures of Environmental Management and Operations, the Procedures for Environmental and Safety Control of Stakeholders, the Procedures of Exhaust Emissions, and the Procedures of Environmental Protection, Health, and Security Incidents Reporting and Investigation. In 2021, Tailai Factory earned ISO14001 and ISO 45001 certifications. In 2021, we updated exhaust emissions management methods (Q HFR-02-SS-004), further refining the management and control of waste to reduce the impact on the environment. Water quality monitoring can timely and accurately reflect the current water quality. It also provides a favorable scientific basis for strengthening water environment management, controlling pollution sources and scientific environmental planning, so as to effectively control water pollution and protect the overall water environment. Each factory has an independent sewage treatment plant, which is connected with the urban sewage pipeline and discharged to the urban sewage treatment plant after treatment. Case In terms of machinery selection, we select low-noise machinery or equip them with noise reduction appliances. Machinery generating intense noise on the construction site (such as blenders, electric saws, electric planers and grinders) must be sealed in sheds to reduce the spread of intense noise. The processing and manufacturing of finished and semifinished products - such as prefabricated components, doors and windows - must, as far as possible, be completed in factories and workshops to reduce noise on the construction site, as required by Feihe. In densely populated areas, work hours are strictly controlled night work does not occur later than 22 00, and morning work does not occur earlier than 06 00. If continuous operation or night operation is unavoidable under special circumstances, noise reduction measures must be taken as much as possible. Before construction, we warn nearby residents and send notices of construction to related departments and bureaus. All construction vehicles must meet national inspection requirements, pass annual exhaust tests and obtain certificates of conformity. Other than necessary heavy vehicles (such as cranes, concrete tankers, loaders, and dump trucks), we require vehicles such as climbers and forklifts to use electric drives to reduce exhaust emissions. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXOur projects follow energy-saving principles through measures such as heat recovery. We organise events across departments to promote energy- saving awareness among employees by exchanging ideas and experiences. In 2021 the energy-saving team in each factory implemented technological improvements, including continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, heat recovery of continuous automatic sewage discharge of boilers, improved gas steam ratio, supply by the single boiler, added insulation, heat recovery, etc. These measures saved steam and electricity and reduced emissions. As the dairy industry is a water-intensive industry, we attach great importance to water conservation. We have obtained water usage permits in strict accordance with national policies and regulations. On the basis of compliance in regular production, we are committed to the practice of energy saving and emissions reduction and innovatory environmental protection innovation measures. Besides regular operations, we hold the Environmental Day promotes the green office concept, to raise employees' environmental awareness. In 2021, our factories saved about 155, 800 tons of water with the efforts of improvement activities, including water saving by cooling tower, increased water production by pure water machine, reduced water consumption per ton of powder, and the transformation of mechanical sealing water; Meanwhile, from May to October, we saved about 11, 600 tons of water by using the treated wastewater to irrigate the lawn. We have upgraded water- consuming facilities in areas such as cafeterias and bathrooms and widely apply water-saving appliances to reduce wastage. In cons truction In prod- uction In daily activitiesSaving water by upgrading water-consuming facilities about 155, 800 tonnes Using treated wastewater to irrigate lawns saves about 11, 600 tonnes As the consumer of natural resources, the global dairy faces the challenges in balancing the impact of climate change, regulations and solutions to consumer demand, thus sharing the same interest in reducing greenhouse gas emissions across the supply chain. China Feihe is committed to partaking in the global action on climate change. We have invested a wealth of resources in R&D projects, which have begun to pay off. In response to China's goals to peak carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality before 2060, we participated in the review group for the development of the China National Light Industry Council's Evaluation Standard for Green Factory in Dairy Industry organised by the China National Light Industry Council, to offer opinions and comments on relevant standard terms as a company. We also independently developed technological measures to reduce emissions. While maintaining the same project cost, the convenient and useful photovoltaic panels can save energy by generating power. The clean safe devices are widely used, maintenance-free, with less cost of installation, maintenance and operation, hence they are truly low-carbon and green. Figuring out our carbon status for efficient efforts in carbon peaking and carbon neutrality Deploying clean energy to transform Monitoring emissions in real-time to reduce emissions through multiple channelsIn 2021, we held energy system training and promoted the development of energy systems in Tailai Factory; each factory conducted its carbon inventory. In 2021, we discussed green energy issues with multiple photovoltaic and green energy suppliers. Longjiang Factory has signed a photovoltaic project agreement with a third party who would fund and build the installed capacity of 5. 335MW. The project will commence at the beginning of 2022 and optoelectronics will be available at the end of 2022; Other factories have also started negotiations on photovoltaic projects, such as the 5. 7MW photovoltaic project in Kedong Factory, the 5. 6MWphotovoltaic project in Gannan Factory, the 3. 12MW photovoltaic project in Tailai Factory and the 4. 3MW photovoltaic project for Jilin Factory and Zhenlai Factory. Those cooperation projects are expected to be signed in 2022. All factories strictly followed the exhaust emission standards, which were regularly tested by third parties. The gas-fired boilers in Kedong Factory, Gannan Factory and Longjiang Factory have been installed with online waste gas monitoring to see the emission at any time. China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXHarmonious coexistence between humans and natureHanging banners 6 928 Painting for environmental protection 1 55 Garbage sorting 1 457 Environmental knowledge competition 1 45 Environment Day activities around Harmonious coexistence between human and nature 1 380 Distributing brochures 1 28 Cleaning plants' surroundings 1 40 The slogan work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to publicise green ideas1 453 Encouraging saving power at the office Promote energy-saving lamps to save electricity in the office; Advocate employee to turn off lights when leaving rooms; Install multiple switches, to turn on lights only in sections where they are needed. Equipment, such as computers and printers, is turned off during lunch breaks and after work; Air conditioners are used less frequently and increase the equipment temperature if possible; Set the central air conditioning to the temperature of 23 degrees in office space; use no air conditioning in winter; Place reminders for energy conservation; Promote conservation to employees at morning meetings; Arrange personnel on duty in the office to check all electrical equipment every day after work and turn off them in time. Our final goal is to lead more people to live green life. Our green office policy includes Greening our Offices Advocating paperless office Promote paperless office, save single-side-printed paper for printing on the other side, to reduce our consumption of paper; Introduce an office automation system; The office purchases duplex printers to save paper in the office. The activities mainly included painting for environmental protection, cleaning plants' surroundings, environmental knowledge competition, etc. Our departments promoted environmental protection to employees at morning meetings, with an emphasis that discarded electronic products should not be discarded at will. And we shared posters and slogans in WeChat groups, including work together towards a greener and inclusive energy future to guide employees to pay attention to and care for the environment. About 2, 386 employees were engaged in the activity. Celebrating Environmental Day Environment DayContent Sessions Participants Environment Day activities 64 65 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Care for Health5 Rural Revitalization Combating COVID-19 We are an enthusiastic supporter of the charity. Under our strategy, we hold diversified charity activities in three fields care for health, targeted poverty alleviation and combating the pandemic. In 2021, we were active in social charity and donated RMB 16. 047 million throughout the year. Devotion to Philanthropic Causes 66 67 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXCare for HealthAs a leader in infant milk powder, we have been focused on the practical needs of mothers and infants and innovated the education, medical treatment and health. In 2021, we helped each Chinese family solve problems in parenting and help build the proper values of children rearing through a variety of activities. Case Case Feihe's mother-and-baby room phase II project startedA rare rainstorm in Zhengzhou, Henan touched the people all over the country. The heavy rains and standing water have disrupted transportation, increasingly leading to food shortages. The donation provides enough food and nutritional supplement to babies in spite of inconvenient transportation and material shortage. In June 2021, the inauguration ceremony of the mother- and-baby room phase II project sponsored by China Feihe and Women of China, a magazine for women, was held in Beijing under the theme of Small space, full of love. China Feihe is committed to solving the difficulties for working mothers to nurse babies in the workplace and better helping the healthy development of mothers and babies. The phase I mother-and-baby room, built by the China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, China Mobile and CCCC Infrastructure Maintenance Group, has been officially put into use. The phase II project will help build mother-and-baby rooms in more companies to benefit working mothers with more practical care. Rural Revitaliz- ation To achieve poverty alleviation via industrial development, we implement an innovative industrial cluster development model to promote the development of upstream forage planting and milk source development and incorporate local professional farms (agricultural companies) and pastures into the industrial cluster chain. We also cooperate with two 200, 000-ton fodder- processing factories for fodder processing and production. This initiative increased the value of more than 1 million mu (0. 67 million hectares) of farmland in the province, created 150, 000 jobs, and boosted the income of 150, 000 farmers. It promoted the transfer of rural labour and the transformation of the industrial structure. In terms of poverty alleviation with healthcare, to facilitate medical treatment in poor areas, we donated basic medical facilities to hospitals in many regions. The research team of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences published the latest Blue Book on Corporate Philanthropy in 2021 Based on the Perspective of the Third Distribution ( the Blue Book ). The report deeply researches the characteristics of Chinese corporate philanthropy in different stages by collecting the branded charity projects of 15 enterprises. At the 13th Blue Book on Corporate Social Responsibility Event and the 2021 Winter Summit of ESG China Forum in Beijing, the first Textbook on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) in China was released at the conference, in which Feihe was selected as an excellent case. The total agricultural acreage reached 0. 6 million mu Drive the increase of cultivated land in Heilongjiang Province above 1million mu Feihe donated nutritional materials to flood-hit Zhengzhou 68 69 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEX Cumulative investment in upgrading school infrastructure, organizing teacher training, etc RMB24 millionAccumulated donations for the Charity Bright Tour campaign RMB2. 93 millionDonated top medical equipment to multiple hospitals in 11 counties RMB176 millionFeihe creates jobs for the society 150, 000Since the 19th National Congress of the CPC decided to deploy and prioritise rural revitalization, the strategy has become an overall and historic task related to the full building of a modern socialist country. In recent years, rural revitalization has achieved all-around development in China thanks to joint efforts which are led by the government, partaken by enterprises, powered by technology and supported by the public. In this process, relying on our full industry value chain, we fully drive partners upstream and downstream to move forward and build a chain of shared prosperity. In the industry value chain upstream, Feihe standardises agricultural development by transferring lands, offering job opportunities and conducting skill training, thus increasing farmers' incomes and promoting industrial development; in terms of the factory, we pioneer the factory-in-factory model, which not only provides more jobs for those in need but also boost the development of local logistics and transportation and related industries. We have created 150, 000 jobs for the communities, improved the incomes of 150, 000 farmers, and increased the value of more than 1 million mu (66, 666. 67 hectares) of arable land in Heilongjiang. We coordinated the growth of different industries as an important engine for the regional economy. Our charity footprint has covered all walks of life. In addition to industrial assistance, we also alleviate poverty through medical and health services. Our donation of RMB 2. 93 million for the Charity Bright Tour activity has benefited 1, 466 people with eye diseases. The program has invested more than RMB 24 million in upgrading school infrastructure, training teachers, and giving grants to poor students. As a responsible enterprise, we have been earnestly fulfilling our social responsibility. Case China Well-off Milk Campaign in Anhui to help poor students and promote rural revitalization Case Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation in Yuannan again to protect teenagers with Feihe's responsibilityOur Rural Revitalization Contribution Plan, a part of China's Well-off Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Guanzhuang Town, Qianshan City, Anhui Province on October 13, 2021, 2021. At the scene, we announced that we would donate 7, 200 cases of student formula milk power worth RMB 396, 000 to primary and secondary schools in Guanzhuang Town. Our Feihe Student and Education Assistance Program for Poverty Alleviation, a part of China's Well-off Milk Campaign themed Warm sunshine to spread boundless love was held in Jiahe Township, Jiangcheng County, Pu'er, Yunnan Province on June 22, 2021. As a member of the top 20 in China's dairy industry (D20), we actively responded to the call for China's Well-off Milk Campaign. From 2017 to 2021, with the theme of Warm sunshine to spread boundless love, the program spread love to primary and secondary school students all over the country. In total, we donated more than RMB 4 million of student milk powder to 66 schools from 8 provinces and 20 regions. On November 6, 2021, as required by the actual need, China Feihe donated two negative pressure ambulances and nutritional products worth RMB 1 million to Heihe city to help fight the pandemic with practical actions. At the site, Zhao Hongliang, chairman of China Feihe Natural Dairy, commented that Heihe City would win the battle against the pandemic soon and resume production and life. Recognition On September 5, 2021, we were awarded the China Charity Awards for our outstanding contribution to combating the COVID-19 at the 11th National China Charity Awards conference. The China Charity Award is the top influential award in China's charity issued by the Ministry of Civil Affairs every two years. we were awarded the 2021 Responsible Enterprise on the best CSR list due to our efforts in charity, such as helping the weak and the needy, offering education and medical services, especially contributions to combating the COVID-19. 2021 Responsible Enterprise China Charity Awards 72 73 China Feihe Limited 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCompliance OperationsPremium Experiences with Feihe ProductsPromoting Shared Deve- lopment and ProsperityDedication to the Ecological CycleDevotion to Philanthropic CausesESG Index of HKEXESG Index of HKEX ESG Indicator Location Environmental Aspect A1 Emissions General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. P54 KPI A1. 2Total greenhouse gas emission (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 3Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 4Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P54 KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P57-P59 KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP57 Aspect A2 Use of Resource General DisclosurePolicies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. P60 KPI A2. 1Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in 000s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P55 KPI A2. 2Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)P55 KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them P60 KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themP60 KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit producedP55 Aspect A3 The Environmental and Natural Resources General DisclosurePolicies on minimising the issuer's significant impact on the environment and natural resources. P56-P63 Aspect A4 Climate Change General DisclosurePolicies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P61KPI A4. 1 4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P61 Social Aspect B1 Employment General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P33 Aspect B2 Health and Safety General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P40-P42 KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P40 KPI B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury P40 KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P38 Aspect B4 Labour Standards General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. P47 KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. P46-P47 KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P46-P48 KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P46-P47 Aspect B6 Product Responsibility General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P24 KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P24 KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. P27 Aspect B7 Anti-corruption General DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P18 KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. P19 Aspect B8 Community Investment General DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. P66-P71 KPI B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. cn This report is made of degradable and environmentally friendly recycled paper. China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited 2021 Sustainability Report (ESG Report) About this report Reporting Period AbbreviationsData Sources Language Versions Report RequestOrganisational Coverage Publication ReferencesThis report covers the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited is also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, the Company and We in this report. All information and data used in this report originate from formal documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Company. The materials in this report were provided by our employees and partners and intended for Mengniu to provide information about the progress of its sustainability management and may not be used for commercial purpose. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail. comThe report covers China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates. China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2021) is the tenth non- financial report issued by the Company. This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and in particular in compliance with its comply or explain requirements regarding the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). CONTENT S About this report CEO s Statement A Message from the Board About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2021 HIGHLIGHTS 02 04 06 07 08 10 Governance Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics17 21 23 Employee Well-being Rural Revitalisation Charity31 39 43 Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle49 64 74 Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation81 87 91 Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services95 100 103 Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mengniu s Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Mengniu s Performance on Key Environmental Indicators from 2018 to 2021 The list of external laws and regulations and internal systems105 109 111 113 Responsibility Common Prosperity Environment Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition Supreme & InclusiveGovernance Sustainability Responsibility Common Prosperity Environment Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition Supreme & InclusiveESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsAbout this report CEO s Statement A Message from the Board About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2021 HIGHLIGHTSEmployee Well-being Rural Revitalisation Charity Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mengniu s Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Mengniu s Performance on Key Environmental Indicators from 2019 to 2021 The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems CEO's Statement Achieving GREEN Transformation, Promising a Healthier World The year 2021 is a year of milestone significance. Eye on the world, economic, social and environmental challenges lie ahead of us, and sustainable development remains to be the common expectations of the whole society. While the dairy industry brings nutrition, health and joy to consumers worldwide, its transformation is also urgently needed to be accelerated. It constantly improves the ESG level of the company, endeavours to improve ESG governance and internal management and responds to ESG concerns of stakeholders in a comprehensive and timely manner. In the past year, under the guidance of the five- year strategy of Creating A New Mengniu by 2025, Mengniu has iteratively upgraded its own sustainable development system and formulated the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, aiming at the international development goals, covering 6 mainstream ESG ratings with more than 500 indicators and taking into full consideration of Mengniu's own business needs. Through formulation of the GREEN strategic system, Mengniu strives to visualize and quantify sustainable development efforts, further regulate and improve ESG management and guide the high quality and sustainable development of Mengniu. Currently, responding to the climate change has become the global focus, and dual- carbon action has become the core of the GREEN strategy of Mengniu. In 2021, We actively responded to the 2030 & 2060 Dual- Carbon Goals of the state, formulated dual- carbon strategic planning with the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), a world renown wisdom consulting firm with the scientific, rigorous and responsible attitude, set the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050 taking into full consideration of the carbon emission baseline, business development plan, resource endowment characteristics and other factors, and officially started the journey of Mengniu leading the entire industry chain towards carbon neutrality. Step by step, Mengniu will innovate low- carbon ranches practice green production, create green packages and achieve low- carbon transportation, lead Chinese dairy industry towards carbon neutrality and contribute to achieve the national dual carbon goal. One small step at a time makes it possible to go thousands of miles away, and accumulation of small currents forms rivers and seas. Mengniu, with the sustainable development vision of Promise a healthier world, will resolutely practice green, low- carbon and inclusive sustainable development path, and endeavour to become a social corporate bringing more value to the mankind. Jeffrey, Minfang LuChief Executive Officer and executive director 02 03 A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixCEO's Statement A Statement from the Board Mengniu highly recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) to the long- term and stable operation of the Company, and has established an effective ESG management mechanism and governance mechanism. Under the leadership of the Sustainable Development Committee of the Board, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, the Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, and the five GREEN strategic pillar promotion groups were established to implement the Company's ESG management. Mengniu attaches great importance to the significant impact that ESG risks may have on the Company. The Board discusses and determines the Company's ESG risks and opportunities, gives priority to the management and improvement of important ESG issues, incorporates them into the Company's overall strategy for consideration, and monitors issue management and performance. In 2021, the Group has preliminarily identified the risks and opportunities brought by climate change to enterprises from three aspects of physical risk, transition risk and market opportunity, and taken countermeasures. In the future, with active responses, the Group will continue to strengthen its capability in managing climate risks and opportunities. The implementation and promulgation of the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and the establishment of management objectives for corresponding environmental, social and governance issues will further standardize and strengthen the Company's ESG management standards. In the future, the Sustainability Committee will listen to reports on the progress of each goal and conduct reviews on a regular basis. This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of the ESG work of Mengniu in 2021, and has been reviewed and approved by the Board. The Board and all directors of the Company guarantee that the contents of this report do not contain any false records, misleading statements or major omissions, and assume individual and joint responsibility for the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents herein. CEO's Statement About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixA Message from the Board About Mengniu Corporate Culture China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (stock code 2319) is a dairy company ranking Global Dairy Top 10. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB88, 141. 50 million. the revenue of the Group amounted in 2021 to million RMB88, 141. 50Mission Vision The Mengniu SpiritCore ValuesEvery drop of nutrition makes every life thrive From the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the world Born to excel, constantly strive for self-improvement Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Our integrity and honesty support our continued successMengniu has established 41 production bases in China and 3 overseas bases in New Zealand, Australia and Indonesia, and 68 factories in total worldwide with a combined annual production capacity of 10 million tonnes. Meanwhile, Mengniu actively deployed overseas high- quality milk sources and owned raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic baby food supplier Bellamy's in Australia. Mengniu has been widely recognised for its first- class product quality and sterling brand image, being the official sponsor of the FIFA World Cup, the strategic partner of China's aerospace industry, the official dairy products provider for the BRICS Summit in Xiamen, the official partner of the 14th National Winter Games, the official partner of the Chinese Football Super League, the official dairy partner of the Shanghai Disney Resort, and the exclusive supplier of dairy and ice cream products for the Universal Beijing Resort. Benchmarking against the United Nations SDGs, Mengniu has gradually improved its sustainable development system, and stays true to its original intention to create responsible industrial ecosystem, and create more environmental and social value. During the 14th Five- Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, a digitalized Mengniu, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixCorporate Culture About Mengniu The strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability aims to strengthen the Company's risk control and managem- ent capabilities, continuously improve corporate business behavior, enhance corporate governance capabilities, protect shareholders' interests and promote the Company's healthy and sustainable development; The strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity is committed to enhancing Mengniu's social value, benefiting Mengniu's employees, people in underdeveloped areas and socially disadvantaged groups, and helping to achieve common prosperity; The strategic pillar of Environment- Carbon Net- Zero aims to improve Mengniu's environmental perfor- mance to create a cleaner and lower carbon production process and acti- vely respond to climate change; The strategic pillar of Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, and promoting the development of sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation through responsible procurement and publicity; The strategic pillar of Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive aims to meet the diverse demands of healthy consumption, and to provide consumers around the world with more nutritious, healthier products and higher- quality services. Vision ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsGovernance-Sustainability Responsibility- Common Prosperity Environment- Carbon Net-zero Ecosystem- Collaborative&Accountable Nutrition-Supreme&InclusiveEmployee Well- being Rural Revitalisation Charity Dual- carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Sustainable Agriculture Sustainable Procurement Biodiversity Conservation Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesMissionPromise a Healthier World More Nutritious Products A Better Life A More Sustainable PlanetGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu's sustainability vision is Promise a healthier world by producing more nutritious products, enabling of a better life and contributing to a more sustainable planet. It is the fundamental requirement and prerequisite for everything we do. From 2019 to 2021, Mengniu completed its first three- year ESG strategy and achieved milestone results. In pursuit of the United Nations SDGs and based on Mengniu's own business practices, Mengniu upgraded and formed the 5 strategic pillars under the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, which are subdivided into 15 topics and 28 specific actions, covering 178 sustainability indicators in total. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture 2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2021 HIGHLIGHTS HONORS The global sustainability initiatives that Mengniu joined in 2021 include Mengniu joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) community and supports and follows the Global Compact Ten Principles by adopting more responsible operating model and constantly developing innovative solutions to bring grater commercial benefits to the public. Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net Zero climate initiative jointly promoted by Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO), International Dairy Federation (IDF), Global Dairy Platform (GDP) and other organisations with a view to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions from the dairy industry, and systematically building a low- carbon dairy industry worldwide. Mengniu joined the strategy advisor committee of the Business for Nature sponsored by World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), calling for conservation and sustainable use of natural resources to reverse the loss of nature by 2030. The Most Suitable Place to Work award in Linkedin Best Workplace Award by Employer Branding Institute Second Prize of National Scientific and Technological Progress Award issued by State Council Awarded as a Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in the 2nd Green Economy Development Forumthe 11th China Charity Award, the highest honor in the field of public welfare and charity in China Won the 2021 China Benefit Corporation Award issued by Tencent and the National School of Development at Peking UniversityRe- elected as a core constituent of Hang Seng Sustainability Corporate Index with score raised to A MSCI ESG rating raised from BB to BBB, which is the highest in the food industry in ChinaIncluded in the SASAC Central Enterprise ESG Pioneer 50 Index and ranked the 2nd among 440 central enterprises Ranked No. 1 in the dairy industry for the China Corporate Responsibility Development Index by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences for the third year in a row1 72 83 4 6 Employer Brand Awards 5 10 11 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyGovernance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix2021 HIGHLIGHTS ESG Highlights Governance- Sustainability Specific ESG appraisal targets for management were set and included in the annual performance contract. The Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value effectively. The Risk Management Committee evaluated the Group's major risk points from the perspective of sustainable development. training on business ethics were organised in total. training on anti- corruption and anti- commercial bribery were organised in total. Responsibility- Common Prosperity 44, 629 employees, including 26, 514 male employees and 18, 115 female employees were recruited. Female senior management personnel accounted for 25 (Vice president and above). A LOVE double- channel promotion channel covering all employees was established. Employee training rate reached 90. 98 with 87. 31 training hours on average. Physical examination coverage reached 100. Investment in security measures reached RMB 49. 74 million. The commencement of China Dairy Industry Park laid a foundation for the successive operation of seven ranches in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, which directly and indirectly provide job opportunities to and help increase income of 31, 000 farmers and herdsmen. During the year, employee volunteer activities lasted for up to 20, 000 hours, with more than 10, 000 volunteers. suppliers, accounting for 74, received on- site assessments. The Code of Conduct for suppliers (COC) was improved, requiring all suppliers to sign and comply with regulations on environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights, business ethics, etc. procured raw materials and auxiliary materials have obtained FSSC 22000, FDA registration, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 22000, HACCP, BRC, and other standard system certifications. cooperative ranches were awarded the title of National Pilot Farms for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial drugs. employees participated in the coastal clean- up activity, picking up a total of approximately 1, 997 kilograms of beach garbage, covering an area of 210, 000 square meters. More than 80 new products were launched and a variety of organic, sugar- reduced, low- fat, functional- enhanced and less- artificial additive products were continuously created. The Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Public Welfare Tour campus activity, covering over 2, 000 teachers, students and parents, was launched. More than 20, 000 salespeople, promoters and new retail business staff were empowered through training on knowledge of dairy nutrition. newly granted patents, 47 valid copyright registrations and 4, 578 valid trademarks were registered during the year. factory has obtained the ISO 9001 quality management system certification, and 100 dairy factory has obtained the HACCP certification. categories of products have been certified by EU food standards. The product quality traceability information system being built to cover 8 processes and 16 links in the whole industry chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information in the industry chain. Organising Together with the Consumers activity on consumer day, with over 40, 000 participants, over 100 events and over 180, 000 consumer feedbacks collected. Environment- Carbon Net- zero A thorough climate strategy was formulated, and the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050 was set. factories were certified as National- level Green Factory during the year, bringing the total number of green factories to 22. 1 National Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise was approved in the year. The annual green energy consumption increased by 6. 87 year on year. provincial- level water conservation corporate certificates were obtained in the year. During the year, fresh water consumption per unit product decreased by 2. 02 year on year in 2020. A total of 1, 479, 400 tonnes of water (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water) were saved during the year. PP loop boxes were advocated to be applied to replace traditional paper turnover boxes, each PP loop box reduces carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to that of traditional carton boxes. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix 01 Governance-Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsMengniu attaches great importance to the establishment of a sound corporate governance system and procedures, the establishment of a more independent, efficient and professional Board to implement thorough risk management and control, promote the improvement of business behaviors, build a system and mechanism that operates smoothly in compliance with regulations in a clean and efficient manner, thus to protect the rights and interests of investors, in particular, the minority shareholders. Under the Governance- Sustainability pillar in GREEN strategy, Mengniu sets three topics of ESG governance, risk governance and business ethics, integrates ESG into the Company's development strategy, and keeps improving the ESG governance structure and operation mechanism. Specific ESG appraisal targets for management were set and included in the annual performance contract. The Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value effectively. The Risk Management Committee evaluated the Group's major risk points from the perspective of sustainable development. An electronic integrity file system was developed and 26, 750 integrity commitments were signed. training on business ethics were organised in total. training on anti- corruption and integrity warning education and anti- commercial bribery were organised in total. Highlights in 2021 SDGs we focused in this section ESG Governance Corporate Governance Sustainability Governance SystemMengniu is dedicated to ensuring high standards of corporate governance with an emphasis on a diligent Board and a sound internal control system, and the establishment of a diverse governance structure to improve corporate governance. The Board of the Company comprises nine directors, including three executive directors, three non- executive directors and three independent non- executive directors. The Board is primarily responsible for formulating the Group's overall strategies and policies, setting performance and management targets, assessing business performance and monitoring management's performance. The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Development Committee. Mengniu released the Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach, which forms a three- level sustainability management system with the Board as the highest decision- making body and effectively promotes the engagement of ESG work by various departments. Board of Directors Sustainable Development Committee Sustainable Development Executive Committee Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee Governance- Sustainability strategic pillar Day- to- day management meeting mechanism Responsibility- Common Prosperity strategic pillar Work planning mechanism Environment- Carbon Net- Zero strategic pillar Open communication mechanism for information exchange Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable strategic pillar Monitoring and evaluation mechanism Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive strategic pillar Funding support mechanismDecision- making Decision- making on the Group's sustainability strategy Management Managing and advancing key sustainability issues Execution Implement sustainability programs, conduct sustainable development project in the respective departments and report the results Departments and Divisions Appointment of 46 sustainability officers and liaisonsDecision-Making Management ExecutionAs of the reporting time, Mengniu's Sustainable Development Committee comprises three executive directors (Mr. Lu Minfang, Ms. Wang Yan, Mr. Zhang Ping), a non- executive director (Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens), and an independent non- executive director (Mr. Li Michael Hankin), with Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens as the chair. The Committee is the Company's highest decision- making body for sustainability work and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainability strategies, goals and risk profile. The Mengniu Sustainable Development Committee has an executive committee comprising core executives of the Company, which is responsible for sustainability management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy implementation and reviewing annual work plans and reports. Mengniu motivates its management to achieve the Company's sustainable development goals by setting specific ESG appraisal targets for management and including them in the annual performance contract, in accordance with the characteristics of the Company's business and the Company's main sustainable development issues. Mengniu holds Sustainable Development Committee meetings, Sustainable Development Executive Committee meetings, and executive- level work meetings every year on a regular basis to discuss and make decisions on ESG- related matters and promote strategic actions. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS17 18Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Nutrition- Supreme & InclusiveEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroResponsibility- Common Prosperity Stakeholder Identification and Communication Mengniu pays attention to the concerns of its stakeholders and has identified stakeholders including shareholders and investors, government and regulatory bodies, consumers, suppliers, distributors, employees, the environment, and the community. The Company communicates with stakeholders through various channels, respects and listens to their opinions, and actively responds for improvement. In 2021, Mengniu conducted information disclosure and investor relations management in compliance with relevant laws and regulations of the securities market. In addition to releasing regular reports, it also discloses major developments of the Company in a timely and compliant manner. We conducted interactive communication with the capital market through emails, conference calls, face- to- face meetings and the platform of capital market. During the reporting period, the Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value. Stakeholders Topics coveredCommunication and response channels Shareholders and Investors Preventing business risks Asset preservation and appreciation Developing new markets and opportunities Steady returns on investment and value growth Corporate annual reports and announcements Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulators Compliant operations Paying taxes in accordance with the law Contributing to local economic development Regulatory supervision Proactive tax payment Special meetings Consumers Providing high- quality products Comprehensive customer services Smooth channels of communication Diverse products Information disclosure and dissemination Factory transparency Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Suppliers Open, fair and equitable procurement Business integrity and good faith Confidentiality of information Supplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training Distributor Mutually beneficiary win- win cooperation Mutual growth Distributor conference Distributor satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platforms Environment Ecological & environmental protection Green and low carbon development Government environmental information platforms Network and Weibo communication channel Employees Health and safety Compensation and benefits Building career growth platforms Work- life balance Manager's mailbox Staff and workers' congress Training and exchange Community Promoting employment Driving local economic development Helping rural revitalisation Community development and well- being Providing employment Promoting the development of related local industries Improving local infrastructure Charity programs Materiality Analysis The Company invited internal and external stakeholders to engage in the identification of environmental, social and governance issues and conduct materiality assessments through various forms such as communication interviews, on- site visits, and questionnaire surveys. The process of materiality analysis is as follows Establish the Company's library of sustainabilty topics based on its strategic priorities, industry characteristics and social responsibility standards; Survey key stakeholders such as shareholders, consumers, suppliers and communities to identify their sustainability concerns; Select material topics in light of the Global Sustainable Development Goals, stakeholder concems and importance to Mengniu; Determine the material topics based on review by the Company's Sustainability Committee and experts. ldentification Prioritisation Validation Stakeholder Engagement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s Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Risk Management Mengniu values risk management and internal control, and has established risk management framework and fundamental norms with a focus on the Group's major risk management and control and the continuous optimisation of the risk management model. Following the internationally accepted COSO1 risk management framework, the Company established a risk- oriented, closed- loop management model of risk identification first, business self- management, audit supervision and follow- up based on the operating and management needs of Mengniu. This incorporates risk management into business and applies to the business management process and gives full play to its value. Mengniu has established the Mengniu Risk Management System and six implementation rules on risk identification, risk evaluation, risk response, risk monitoring, risk response appraisal and risk management report. In 2021, the Company optimised the Mengniu Risk Management Framework and Manual for Risk Management of the Group on this basis, to ensure the effective operation of the risk management system. Mengniu has put in place three lines of defence of risk management organisation structure under the leadership of the Board. The Risk Management Committee is the highest deliberative and decision- making body for risk management, in which the chief executive officer of the Group serves as the chairman, and the vice president of the Group who is in charge of risk control and auditing business serves as the deputy chairman, while the committee members comprise the head of the major business divisions and functional departments. The Risk Management Department is the body for daily affairs designated by the Risk Management Committee that reports the management and control of important risks and the operational effectiveness of the risk management system to the Audit Committee under the Board every year on a regular basis, and under the supervision of the Audit Committee. In 2021, the Company organised business departments and functional departments to adopt a three- level evaluation method of self- identification of major business, professional pre- judgment and control of TOP20 risks, and collective review of Risk Management Committee focusing on formulating a new Mengniu strategic plan and key work goals, and assess major risks from the seven aspects of group strategy, market, finance, operation, law and compliance, quality and food safety, sustainable development on which the Risk Management Committee reached a consensus. In order to promote the effective implementation of major risk management and control, and clarify main responsible department and person, Mengniu implements the accountability system. The risk management department has formulated appropriate risk response strategies, measures or contingency plans and follow- up to supervise the response effect in the process of classification, to reduce and avoid the adverse impact of important risks on the Group's strategic goals and sustainable development in an effective manner. 1 COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway CommissionThree Lines of Defences of Risk Management Organisation Structure Business divisions The first line of defence The second line of defence The third line of defenceRisk Management Committee, Risk Management Department and functional departments of the GroupThe Internal Audit Department and the Discipline Inspection Department Respondent and main responsible person of riskPlanners and supervisors of risk managementAppraiser of risk management effectivenessMengniu has taken multiple measures at four levels to carry out empowerment training on risk management concepts and methods, promoted the extensive implementation of risk management mechanisms, and improved employees' risk management awareness and prevention and control standards, gradually cultivating a risk culture, and reasonably ensuring the achievement of strategic goals. Risk Management Empowerment Training Management Grassroots Management Personnel Full-time and Part-time Risk Management PersonnelCore Middle-level Management Personnel New Employees 10 core management members participated in the major risk assessment at group level and implemented the main responsibility for risk response; The management reviewed and approved the major risk response strategies at the group level, made timely decisions for resolving cross- departmental issues and problems such as difficulties to be implemented during the process, to ensure the effectiveness of risk management implementation; The management listened to the effectiveness of the management and control of major risks in the previous year and put forward guiding opinions to promote the improvement of risk management. Training on basic norms of internal control 17 sessions of training on internal control were organised to consolidate the theoretical foundation of risk management personnel and grass- roots management personnel, more than 2, 500 personnel participated online and offline, and the Worth- It platform was launched with clicks exceeding 80, 000; Training on professional knowledge of risk management Based on the training needs of each unit, a total of more than 380 people from China Shengmu, Fuyuan Farming, and China Dairy Industrial Park have been offered risk empowerment training. The Company communicated and advocated risk management concepts on the Group's major risk management and control with 45 core middle- level management personnel by way of one- to- one communication and reporting, to unify risk management cognition, identify other risks in important business areas and key business links and provide professional assessment opinions for major risks annual identification. A risk management training course was developed for new employees as a compulsory course on risk management for new employees and promoted on the Worth- It platform with 2, 880 participants in total. 21 22 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Business Ethics The Company strictly complied with the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations. The Company values the construction of business ethics and integrity and compliance, and has formulated and released the Group's Compliance Management Regulations, Integrity and Compliance Manua l and management regulations and guidelines for key areas such as corporate governance, anti- monopoly, anti- bribery and business partners. Meanwhile, the Company formulated detailed anti- corruption policies and joined the UNGC in 2021 in compliance with international anti- corruption initiative. The Company has established a sound compliance management mechanism in key areas of business ethics, and advocates integrity and compliance culture, so as to build a sound business ethics management and supervision framework, improve business ethics standards and establish a sound ecosystem. The Company vigorously conducts compliance and audit supervision of business ethics, opens compliance consultation and complaint reporting channels, and strictly investigates violations of laws and regulations. Code of Conduct of Business Ethics of Mengniu Integrity and Compliance Manual It provides basic behavior guidelines for business management behaviors and business activities of the Company and all employees, and elaborates the basic requirements and cultural background of integrity and compliance between consumers, partners, shareholders, society, colleagues and the Company, and the Integrity and Compliance Commitment was signed. Compliant Business Partners It establishes a sound business partner ecosystem and a complete anti- bribery compliance management mechanism to learn and pass on the Compliance Code of Conduct of Business Partners and convey Mengniu Group's compliance standards, philosophy and culture. Anti-bribery The Group adopts zero tolerance to any form of bribery and corruption, and has established sound anti- bribery compliance management mechanism, signed the Anti- bribery Compliance Commitment and the Anti- corruptionAgreement when signing business contracts with third parties, which strictly prohibits any form of financial and non- financial benefits, including gifts, rebates, and employment opportunities that may appear in cooperation. Anti-unfair Competition It strictly regulates the internal management work in close relation to market economic activities such as contract management, advertising review and marketing management, requires the compliance with relevant laws and regulations, and ensures that business activities are compliant with relevant provisions of the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China. Anti-monopoly Adhering to the principle of fair competition, it establishes a sound anti- monopoly compliance management mechanism and signed the Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment to avoid direct or indirect engagement in monopolistic behaviors expressly prohibited by laws and regulations, including but not limited to reaching monopoly agreements with other operators, abuse of dominant market position and the implementation of business operator concentration that has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition, among others. 16 Honesty and Self-discipline Codes for Management 1. Unreveal of company secrets; 2. no damage to corporate image; 3. no occupation of corporate property; 4. no misappropriation of corporate funds; 5. no bribery; 6. no cheat; 7. no non- compliant guarantee; 8. no small exchequer; 9. no acceptance of gift from partners; 10. no borrowings from partners and subordinates; 11. no acceptance of invitation or travel, fitness, entertainment and other arrangement that may affect impartial performance; 12. no non- compliant referral or promotion of business and products to cooperators and management served; 13. no appointment of relatives within scope of authority or arrange the appointment of relatives taking use of power or influence in positions; 14. no business with relatives; 15. no illegal part- time job; 16. no involvement of pornography gambling. Avoidance of Conflict of Interests The management personnel shall not take profits for relatives or specific connected persons taking use of job convenience or arrange relatives to serve within their authority. Affiliates of relatives of management personnel and key business personnel (including specific connected persons) must not participate in equity investment or have business dealings with partners within his or her authority, failure of which, they will be listed in the blacklists of the partners. Respect for the Employees The Company abides by laws and regulations on labor and employment, insists on equal employment and equal treatment of employees, and prohibits the employment of child labour and forced labour. The Company and employees, as well as between employees, shall respect each others in race, ethnicity, gender, occupation, age, political party, family, etc. Discrimination or ridicule for any reason, harassment and violence are prohibited. Compliance with Organisational Discipline No employee shall violate organisational discipline and personnel discipline, such as provoking fights and falsifying during work. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Regular Supervision and Management Mengniu has established a comprehensive compliance management system, and a compliance management committee composed of core executives of the Group. As the highest leadership and decision- making body for compliance management matters of the Group, it focuses on fulfilling compliance supervision duties and strengthens the restriction and supervision of the operation of power. Throughout the year, Mengniu carried out an integrity audit of 5, 949 promoted and appraised personnel, which effectively ensured the compliance of personnel selection and appraisal; The daily supervision of development business, overseas business and functional departments were strengthened and relevant persons in charge were interviewed; A pre- appointment integrity reminder was conducted with 40 new recruits (promoted); An electronic integrity file system was developed and managers at all levels filled in and signed 26, 750 integrity letters of commitment; An ecosystem of integrity was proactively built and included in the Trust and Integrity Enterprise Alliance Dishonest List System, and the blacklist management is applied to dishonest persons who accept bribes, embezzle, and other violations. Under the principle of strategic guidance, prominent focus, risk orientation, and comprehensive coverage, the Group actively carries out compliance management and audit supervision in key areas such as sales management, supply chain management, and functional support, and conducts supervision and rectification of identified problems. In 2021, Mengniu conducted 47 special supervisions on high- incidence and prone to corruption links such as tender and bidding, procurement, research and development, sales market and raw milk acquisition, and proposed 11 rectifications and 5 improvement systems in response to the problems found. In addition, Mengniu issued case reports within the Company for legal- related cases and major cases by implementing the measure of one notification for one case. A total of 20 typical case reports were issued throughout the year. In 2021, the Company has concluded one corruption lawsuit. The relevant personnel was sentenced to imprisonment and a fine. Mengniu's Integrity Management in 2021 In 2021 Mengniu conducted proposed supervisions on high- incidence and prone to corruption links such as tender and bidding, procurement, research and development, sales market and raw milk acquisitionspecial rectifications and improvement systems in response to the problems found47 11 5Complaint Management and Whistleblower Protection Compliance and Integrity Culture Mengniu's Business Ethics Reporting ChannelIn order to improve the investigation, supervision and management of business ethics reports and complaints, the Company standardized the channel and process of whistle- blowing to ensure the timely and effective treatment of reports and complaints. In 2021, the Company established open and diverse complaint reporting channel and has arranged for the establishment of a group complaint and reporting mechanism by publishing complaints and reports on the Company's official website, WeChat public account, Sunshine Agreement, customer conferences, and the day- to- day internal warning education on integrity, and the reporting mechanism of typical cases in disciplinary inspection. The Group issued work reminders to 83 key personnel based on daily work and clarified 8 false reports accepted. Mengniu actively builds a culture of integrity and compliance, and strives to enhance the integrity and compliance awareness of all employees through diversified forms including the Integrity Day activities, knowledge promotion, special training, and the signing of the Integrity and Compliance Commitment. In addition, the Company has enhanced the building of an integrity culture, carried out publicity activities on an ongoing basis, and paid close attention to major festivals to conduct integrity warning training for key areas and key positions with a view to creating an integrate and upright atmosphere within the Company. In addition, the Company conducts multi- level and multi- field business ethics training covering all employees, executives and directors to improve their business ethics literacy as a whole. Mengniu encourages real- name reporting. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of whistleblowers, Mengniu has formulated the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, which clarifies the protection mechanism for whistleblowers. The Company keeps strictly confidential the whistleblower's name, employer, home address and other relevant information and the content of the report, and includes the report information in the confidential management. The Company strictly protects the personal safety of the whistleblower when accepting the whistleblower's report or checking the information with the whistleblower, and does not make public the whistleblower's identity. Mengniu stipulates that no department or individual may block or suppress the whistleblower's report or withhold the whistleblower's materials under any pretext. Retaliation against whistleblowers will be processed in accordance with relevant policies, and those involving violations of laws and crimes will be handed over to judicial organs for processing. cn Complaint hotline 0471- 7393612 Address Disciplinary Committee Office, Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Helingeer, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia 25 26 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Mengniu pays attention to the ethical performance of business partners and the entire supply chain. In 2021, the Company formulated the Compliance Code of Conduct of Business Partners, which stipulates business ethics, fair competition, anti- monopoly, conflicts of interest, bidding and labor protection, and comprehensively promotes anti- corruption procurement. Total sessions of training on business ethics for employees Total sessions of anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) for employees Total sessions of training on anti- commercial bribery for employeesTotal number of employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Total number of employees accepted training on anti- commercial briberyTotal number of employees accepted training on business ethics Time Time TimePerson Person PersonIndicators for Training on Business Ethics 211 194 944, 167 44, 001 34, 181 Total sessions of training on business ethics for employees Time 211 Total number of employees accepted training on business ethics Person 44, 167 Classification by hierarchy Number of senior management employees accepted training on business ethics Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted training on business ethics Person 3, 019 Number of general employees accepted training on business ethics Person 41, 129 Total sessions of anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) for employees Time 194 Total number of employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Person 44, 001 Number of senior management employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity)Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity)Person 2, 853 Number of general employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Person 41, 129 Number of cadres accepted anti- corruption and other training (warning education on integrity) Person 2, 968 Number of employees in key positions accepted anti- corruption and other training (warning education on integrity)Person 1, 497 Total sessions of training on anti- commercial bribery for employees Time 9 Total number of employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 34, 181 Classification by hierarchy Number of senior management employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 3, 019 Number of general employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 31, 143 27 28 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix 02 Responsibility-Common Prosperity Employee Well-being Rural Revitalisation CharityMengniu is also endeavoured to making its own development keep up with the pace of social development. Under the support of the Governance- Sustainability in the GREEN strategy, Mengniu sets three topics of employee well- being, rural revitalisation and charity programs, striving to enhance employee well- being, promote economic development in underdeveloped areas, send nutrition and warmth to social disadvantaged groups, and create a more responsible corporate image. employees, including 26, 514 male employees and 18, 115 female employees were recruited. Female senior management personnel accounted for 25 (Vice president and above). A LOVE double- channel promotion channel covering all employees was established. Employee training rate reached 90. 98 with 87. 31 training hours on average. learning and development training were held, involving 9, 804 trainees, 2, 315 internal trainers and 2, 522 classic courses and cases. live broadcasts were held on the Worth- It online learning platform throughout the year, with an average monthly activity rate of 75 throughout the year, and 24 class hours per person per year. Physical examination coverage reached 100. Investment in security measures reached RMB 49. 74 million. More than RMB 7 billion was invested in upstream milk source together with financial institutions. The commencement of China Dairy Industry Park laid a foundation for the successive operation of seven ranches in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, which directly and indirectly provide job opportunities to and help increase income of 31, 000 farmers and herdsmen. Through the Inclusive Nutrition Plan, 3. 03 million boxes of high- quality student milk were donated to 185 schools in 43 cities in 19 provinces across the country, benefiting 214, 475 students. Empowerment training provided to nearly 1, 411 rural teachers in 14 prefectures, counties and cities under the Youth Teacher Empowerment Education Plan sponsored by Mengniu. During the year, employee volunteer activities lasted for up to 20, 000 hours, with more than 10, 000 volunteers. Highlights in 2021 SDGs we focused in this section Employee Well-being Diversity and InclusionMengniu upholds the people- oriented development strategy, and is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive corporate culture and fair talent selection mechanism, with a view to ongoing optimise talent retention, promotion and development system. Mengniu strictly abides by the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, and has established and improved internal employment rules and regulations such as the Recruitment Management Measures, the Remuneration Management Measures, the Welfare Management Measures and the Management Manual on Performance System, which provide comprehensive employment, remuneration and welfare guarantee for employees. The Company follows all internationally recognised human rights policies as set out in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Bill of Human Rights and the core conventions of the International Labour Organisation, strives to create a diverse and inclusive environment and treats employees of different ethnicities, nationalities, genders, religious beliefs, ages, sexual orientation, political affiliation and marital status equally in respect of employment, treatment, promotion, etc., firmly prohibits the employment and use of child labour and forced labour, and respects and safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of all employees. Quantitative Performance of Mengniu's Employees Total employees By classificationBy gender By age groupTotal female employees Total full- time employeesTotal part- time employeesTotal number of employees aged below 30 Total number of employees aged between 30 and 50 Total number of employees aged above 50person personperson personperson person personpersonTotal male employees3, 626 18. 062, 274 542, 350 193, 01941, 591 39 In addition, Mengniu always implements democratic management to highlight the main role of employees in the Company. In accordance with the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions and the Trade Union Law, we have been committed to improving the democratic management system, strengthening the construction and implementation of the Workers' Representative Congress system, so as to build equal channels for negotiation and communication to effectively protect employees' rights to information, participation, expression and supervision. In order to safeguard and protect the legitimate rights and interests of female employees, Mengniu Group signed the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Female Employees with its labor forces, to protect the rights and interests of female employees from multiple perspectives, such as the protection of the legal and special rights and interests of female employees, and the scope of work that female employees are forbidden to engage in, so as to better serve the production and operation of enterprises. In order to resolve conflicts arising from the employment in a timely manner, we help employees establish smooth communication channels and resolve controversial incidents through collective consultation, Workers' Representative Congress, and labor dispute coordination committees. In addition, we regularly carry out activities such as patrols by employee representatives, employee surveys, and Meet the CEO Day to listen to employees and learn about and proactively solve their difficulties. By region By position By gender 27. 63 12. 95 10. 10 By age By regionperson personTotal number of employees at overseas Total number of employees in Hong Kong Total number of employees in Mainland China Turnover rate of male employees Turnover rate of female employeesTurnover rate of employees aged below 30 Turnover rate of employees aged between 30 and 50 Turnover rate of employees aged above 50Turnover rate of employees in Mainland China Turnover rate of employees in Hong Kong Turnover rate of employees at overseasTotal number of senior management employees Total number of middle- level management employees Total number of ordinary employeesTotal number of disabled employees Total number of minority employees The indicators refer to principal business of MengniuEmployee turnover rate Unit person Unit person 31 32 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Talent Development Talent Promotion Talent Retention Employee TrainingMengniu attaches great importance to the retention and training of employees, continuously builds and optimises a management system covering the entire life cycle of talent development. We provides employees with a clear and smooth development path, comprehensive and objective talent evaluation, and accelerated training in an efficient and practical manner, as well as diversified careers development opportunities. In addition, Mengniu has also created a high- quality growth environment for excellent talents, and continued to nurture them to create value, grow rapidly and thrive in Mengniu. In addition, in order to establish a sound employee relationship and improve employee satisfaction, the Group has established a three- pillar model of HRBP (HR Business Partner), HRSSC (HR Shared Service Centre) and COE (Center of Expertise). Its service scope covers all business modules and all employees of the Group. In accordance with the Learning and Development Management System, Mengniu focuses on Mengniu's development needs and builds a unique talent training system. In 2021, Mengniu optimised the talent training system in an all- round way, with a focus on the cultivation of core talents from the three aspects of leadership, professional competencies and general capabilities, so that every employee can be offered systematic and targeted training. Cultivation of leading management talentsIn respect of the two groups of incumbent managers and backup successors, two systematic project systems, i. e., the qualified candidates line and the backup candidates line, have been created. The Benteng project of the qualified candidates line creates leadership open courses and training for new managers. The blue ocean project of the backup candidates line adopts 721 full- cycle training, with strict barrier. Elite professional talent trainingBased on business needs and focusing on key talents such as milk source front- end, quality, technology and sales terminal, a comprehensive professional sequence was built to improve the professional curriculum system, improve professional capabilities, cultivate high- quality professional talents, and achieve endogenous growth of talents. Cultivation of top- notch young talentsThrough the Youth Training Camp project, a portrait of young talents in CAMP was formulated, talent selection was carried out across the Group, and young talents were cultivated through two systems of innovation line and management line. Cultivation of scarce high-end talentsFor businesses such as the new track business, attract doctors and postdocs from top universities and enterprises around the world, and provide corresponding resource support, so that there are space and resources for high- end talents to make bold attempts and innovations. Breakthrough entrepreneurial talent trainingUndertaking the innovative layout of the second and third curves, Mengniu provides innovative and entrepreneurial talents to enhance their capabilities and incubate projects such as entrepreneurial talent training camps, while providing a sound system guaranteed to help growth of entrepreneurial talents. In order to broaden the channels and platforms for talent training, Mengniu has built a mobile terminal Worth- It learning platform, which not only enables online and offline training, but also enables knowledge accumulation and precipitation, while achieving training management such as registration, sign- in, training evaluation and others. In 2021, for business line groups such as terminal shopping guides and business representatives in the value chain, Mengniu built an online learning platform in Huqitu, serving as a branch of Worth- It, to improve the professional basic capabilities of terminal personnel. In addition to providing a competitive and comprehensive salary and welfare system, Mengniu organised diversified humanistic care activities with employee benefits. Mengniu provides employees with five basic security benefits, four employee health benefits, 11 holiday benefits and eight living allowance benefits. In 2021, Mengniu employees achieved 100 medical checkup coverage. In addition, in order to implement the Mengniu Group 365 Employee Care Project care measures for female, the young and elderly employees, it has also created six employee happiness plans and implemented a number of care measures. Indicators for Employee Training 3, 896, 615. 41 87. 31 90. 98Total training hours Average training hours completed by employeesTotal trainee ratio 2, 353, 555. 71 88. 77 91. 32 1, 168. 98 61. 53 100 1, 543, 059. 70 85. 18 90. 26 272, 763. 08 90. 35 93. 56 3, 622, 683. 34 87. 10 86. 27 By gender By titleHour Unit Hour Unit HourHour Proportion of male employees trained Proportion of female employees trainedAverage training hours completed by male employees Average training hours completed by female employeesTraining hours completed by male employees Training hours completed by female employees Training hours completed by senior management Training hours completed by middle- level management Training hours completed by ordinary employeesAverage training hours completed by senior management Average training hours completed by middle- level management Average training hours completed by ordinary employeesProportion of senior management trained Proportion of middle- level management trained Proportion of ordinary employees trained Employee BenefitsMengniu Group 365 Employee Care Program and Welfare List Filial Piety PlanDormitory Plan Employee Loyalty Plan Assistance PlanBaby Plan Health Plan Basic Benefits Living Allowance Care Female Employee Care Youth Care Veteran CareEmployees are provided with pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work- related injury insurance, large- amount medical insurance, housing provident fund and regular labor security supplies to provide basic guarantees for the health and safety of employees. The monthly benefits for female workers are distributed online and offline, and various activities such as selection of the most beautiful women's stories, lectures on women's psychological knowledge, hand- making, book giving, and warm condolences. A series of activities such as group weddings, the third session of As luck has it dating party, and the second session of Celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Founding of the Party Youth Culture Festival, youth forums, post meritorious deeds, etc. During the Mid- Autumn Festival and the Spring Festival, the labor union of the Group sent fruits, supplies, and holiday blessings and greetings to retired veteran cadres, so that retired veteran cadres could also feel the care and warmth from the Mengniu family during traditional festivals. During the Spring Festival, Mid- Autumn Festival, May 1st Labor Day, and Double Ninth Festival, parents of employees over 60 years old (inclusive) were sent Mengniu milk and customized blessing cards. In order to continuously improve the quality of life of employees and enhance their sense of belonging, in 2021, all units further actively implemented the dormitory plan and built three new Mengniu Happy Homes. Mengniu cherishes every small partner who grows together with the Company, and thanks every employee of Mengniu for their dedication and perseverance. In 2021, the second season of the Employee Loyalty Plan event was held. In order to better support the employees of the Company in difficulty and help them build up the confidence and determination to get through difficulties, in 2021, the group labor union united with all units to encourage assistance, one- to- one and multi- to- one assistance, holiday blessings, family care funds, golden autumn scholarships, book donations, Children's Day care and other measures to solve the actual difficulties of employees in accordance with the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund. It arranges medical examinations for Mengniu employees every year, and pays commercial insurance and children's commercial insurance. In 2021, employees and their children were provided additional major illness insurance, which increases health protection of employees. Besides, the employee health check- up package was upgraded to promote health management and prevention. Free 12- month milk powder is distributed to the newborn babies of Mengniu employees. Employees are provided with living allowances such as work meal allowance, car allowance, communication allowance, among others. Employees who are dispatched and rotated in different places are provided with housing allowances, spouse living allowances, resettlement allowances, transportation expenses for visiting relatives, paid annual leave allowances and others to support employees working in places away from home and ensure a secure life of employees. Well-being Plan 35 36 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Care Initiative Warm Greeting in WinterSpecial care work is carried out for employees working in outdoor alpine areas to protect employees' physical and mental health and improve their happiness. Cool Greeting in SummerSpecial care is carried out for employees working in high temperature outdoors. Heatstroke prevention benefits are provided to effectively prevent heatstroke due to high temperature and ensure the physical and mental health of employees. Holiday CareDuring the Spring Festival, Mid- Autumn Festival, Erdai's Day, Women's Day and Children's Day, we care for all employees in an inclusive and full- coverage manner, so that all Mengniu family members can feel the care and warmth from the Company during the holidays. Funds CareEmployees in difficulties are helped with Care Fund and Love Mutual Aid Fund to solve their problems. Occupational Health and Safety Safety Risk Prevention Mengniu constantly optimizing safety management. In 2021, the number of first- class enterprises approved by national safety production standardization accounts for one- third of the total number of approved enterprises in the light industry, and the dual prevention mechanism covers all projects. Mengniu manages and controls key risks on liquid ammonia, limited space, fire protection, electricity, hazardous operations, contractor operations, and change operations by improving its plan on management and control of safety risk from the three aspects of holding the bull nose as a solid foundation, the grey rhinoceros normal risks, and the black sky of preventing sudden changes in risks, while reducing by 35. 15 tonnes of liquid ammonia reserve through production line iteration and technological transformation, so as to continuously reduce inherent safety risks and improve the level of intrinsic safety. At present, 60 Mengniu's grass- roots enterprises have been awarded the title of Safety Culture Demonstration Enterprise by the state or local governments. Indicators for Occupational Health and Safety Indicator Unit 2021 Occupation diseases case 0 Deaths related to production accidents person0 (0 for three consecutive years) Employee death rate due to production accidents2 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Lost hours due to work hours 6, 730 Investment in safety measures (including procurement of epidemic supplies of RMB8. 22 million)RMB0'000 4, 974. 09 Full- time safety personnel person 205 2 Employee death rate due to production accidents Death related to production accidents Number of workers 100to create a comfortable working environment for employees. The Company has been focusing on comprehensively promoting occupational health management from three aspects of early prevention (three- simultaneous management, hazard declaration, organisation and responsibility, management system and empowerment publicity), process protection and management (work premise management, job management), health monitoring and settlement (health monitoring, abnormal treatment and occupational disease diagnosis and treatment), to constantly promote the construction of healthy enterprises. occupational hazard control projects were carried out in 2021, and the working environment of employees was effectively improved. In order to improve the awareness and professional ability of safety and occupational health personnel, we have planned and built a safety and occupational health personnel empowerment course system, which is matched according to the course level and employee rank to form a learning map for personnel at all levels. Additionally, Mengniu pays attention to the acquisition of professional qualifications, and organises employees to study and participate in the professional qualification examination of registered safety engineers. In 2021, 38 employees obtained National Intermediate Registered Safety Engineer Certificates. Occupational Health and Safety Management 37 38 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Rural Revitalisation Industry Revitalisation Implementing Five GuaranteesAs a part of the strategy of 2025 A More Responsible Mengniu, Mengniu will vigorously contribute to the rural revitalisation and construction. During the epidemic, Mengniu, together with third- party financial institutions, allocated a total of RMB5 billion of interest- free funds to the ranch to help with its partners' steady development. Natural Disaster Relief on Mengniu's Industry Chain In July, after the flood in Henan, Mengniu quickly coordinated to transport fresh milk from the regional pastures to factories in Tai'an, Wuhan, Taiyuan and Ma'anshan to guarantee the purchase of all fresh milk from pastures in the Henan region; In November, a rare snow disaster occurred in Tongliao, Chifeng and Xing'anmeng of Inner Mongolia and Liaoning. Mengniu actively allocated relevant resources to help more than 50 cooperative farms solve the difficulties in fresh milk transportation, forage, farm operation and funds after the disaster, and invested nearly RMB100 million successively to quickly help the local disaster- stricken pastures to resume operations. In 2021, the total trading volume of the Aiyangniu platform reached RMB17 billion, which helps save procurement cost of approximately RMB1 billion for nearly 600 raw milk partners. In 2021, the construction of China Dairy Industry Park started. In addition, 15 pastures are under construction, when put into operation, 57, 000 farmers and herdsmen will be benefited. In accordance with the requirements of national dairy industry revitalisation, optimisation and adjustment of milk source layout, Mengniu has deployed the construction of 10 major planting, breeding and processing industrial clusters, to achieve one million dairy cattle, one million acres of pasture, one million tonnes of milk by saving and intensive use of resources, reducing energy, water and land consumption, promoting green and low- carbon development, which has driven income increase of more than 1. 50 million farmers and herdsmen. In 2021, Mengniu and its strategic partners have built and are building more than 70 pastures, involving more than 500, 000 dairy cows. Overall Rendering of China Dairy Industry Park 70 500, 000In 2021, Mengniu and its strategic partners have built and are building more than involving more than pastures dairy cows 39 40 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Nutrition Support Together with China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu has carried out public welfare programs such as Milk Donation, Food Education and Teacher Empowerment through Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Fund to help primary and middle school students supplement their nutrition in time during their growth and development. Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Plan in Hongyuan County, Aba Prefecture in Sichuan Mengniu sponsored the Strong Angel project to provide free student milk to the children of the Baseball Base In 2021, the Inclusive Nutrition Plan donated 3. 03 million boxes of high- quality student milk to 185 schools in 43 cities in 19 provinces across the country 214, 475 benefiting students Multiple Support Mengniu also promoted the all- round development of the countryside through technical empowerment and fixed- point assistance according to local conditions, and organised activities such as ranch management training and dairy elite professional training, so as to achieve full coverage of technical guidance and training for farmers, herdsmen and poor farmers. Cooperated with the National Dairy Industry and Technology System, the Sino- Danish Center and more than 200 domestic experts, the Company has carried out nearly 50 online and offline training sessions, covering 100 of the cooperative ranch through the platform of Aiyangniu, Niurenhu Education Platform and Cow Golden Key, benefiting more than 30, 000 people. With a view to improve the quality of children's education in economically underdeveloped areas by taking the cultivation of young rural teachers as the fulcrum, Mengniu and Youth Teacher Empowerment Education Plan has completed the training of 1, 411 rural teachers in 14 counties and districts by the end of 2021. Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Plan in Ganzi, Sichuan Together with COFCO, Mengniu carried out the Educational Assistance and Charity Donation campaign at the Minzu Middle School in Ganzi County. Donation site in Ganzi county 41 42 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Charity Mengniu proactively devotes to the social public welfare undertakings. It formulated a solid strategy on public welfare and charity, and conducts diverse charity programs in the fields of epidemic prevention and disaster relief, inclusive nutrition, balance development and environmental protection. Meanwhile, Mengniu has developed the Management System on Public Welfare Donation and the standards for employee volunteer service activities to regulate the management of donation and volunteer service activities. Epidemic Prevention and Disaster Relief In respect of the anti- epidemic and relief of the local natural disast- ers, Mengniu always adheres to the responsibilities of a leading milk company, and has developed a complete emergency response mechanism to provide timely nutritional support for resuming work and production in disaster- stricken areas. Together with the Red Cross of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Mengniu donates 1, 700 boxes of pure milk and yogurt immediately, ensuring that tourists and front- line anti- epidemic personnel receive adequate nutritional support. Anti- epidemic Donation Site in Inner Mongolia 45. 85 10, 000 20, 000In 2021, Mengniu's annual expenditure on donations amounted toIn 2021, the number of Mengniu volunteers reached more than RMB millionwith a time investment of nearly hours persons China Charity Award Earthquake Disaster Relief in Sichuan, Qinghai and Yunnan ProvinceFlood Disaster Relief in Henan Province In 2021, earthquake disasters occurred successively in Sichuan Luzhou, Guoluo and Dali and other places. Mengniu, together with China Charity Federation and Blue Sky Rescue Team, quickly launched the emergency rescue mechanism, and immediately sent dairy products to the people in the affected areas to ensure emergency nutrition. Mengniu immediately launched the emergency response mechanism to help relief the flood disaster. Together with the China Charity Federation and the Blue Sky Rescue Team, nutritional support including pure milk and yogurt, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese were provided to the forefront of flood relief, safeguarding the nutrition need of the front- line rescuers and the people in the disaster area. After the earthquake in Yunnan, local students for college entrance examination drank donated milk and studied for exams Mengniu's volunteers sent various donated dairy products to the front lineChildren in disaster areas in Henan enjoyed donated milk 43 44 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Public Welfare Care Innovative Public Welfare with Surplus Food A Public Welfare Activity of Mengniu-Heroes Legacy ProgramIn 2021, Mengniu innovated charity by taking into account the initial intention of caring for the vulnerable groups in the society and food conservation, and donated unqualified products that are safe to eat (such as line- exchange mixed fruit products, and zero- package products) to the elderly in nursing homes, primary school students, sanitation workers, special children and other groups through cooperation with local civil affairs departments and the third- party public welfare organisation, Food Bank Network. In 2021, Mengniu's factories in Ma'anshan, Jinhua and Shenyang successively organised 15 donations and donated products weighing 3. 80 tonnes. Mengniu joined hands with Shenzhen Henghui Public Welfare Foundation to support the Heroes Legacy Program, and donated RMB6. 70 million in total to provide financial assistance to the children of front- line workers who unfortunately died in the fight against the Covid- 19 epidemic. From 15 to 20 July 2021, Mengniu joined hands with the Heroes Legacy Program to hold the Sea of Encounters themed summer camp. With reunion as the melody, children of the anti- epidemic heroes in the program and other parties were invited to participate in colorful activities such as welcome ceremony, concerts, art courses, technological innovation and educational sharing. Volunteers of Mengniu donated yogurt products to the local elderly and solitary The Sea of Encounters themed summer camp provided art courses for children of anti- COVID- 19 heroesMengniu Charity Milk Donation Activity Overseas Corporate Citizenship Yoyi C launched free drinks in IndonesiaMengniu Participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) ProjectAs the most influential Chinese dairy company in the world, Mengniu also shoulders the mission of leading the Chinese dairy industry to the world in the process of international development. Mengniu actively participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) project initiated by the Global Dairy Platform (GDP) to help revitalise the African dairy industry and improve the nutritional and health standards for African children under the backdrop of the epidemic, and copy the successful experience of the project on a large scale and spread the warmth to Africa. In Indonesia and Tanzania, Mengniu has promoted the development of the local dairy industry and the employment of local talents by investing in constructing factories, co- building schools, and cultivating technical talents. The case of Mengniu was included in the information database of the South- South and Trilateral Cooperation of the United Nations International Fund for Agricultural Development. Bellamy's, an organic milk powder brand under Mengniu, actively donated monetary funds and supplies to charities and community groups. It has not only delivered nutritious, healthy and delicious dairy products to overseas consumers, but also made contributions in many fields such as green environmental protection, community public welfare and poverty alleviation. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix 03 Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu believes that the health of human and favorable environment is inextricably linked. Adhering to the principle of Promsing a Healthier World, we commit to establish environmentally friendly green production systems and promise to achieve carbon neutrality in the whole industrial chain in 2050. Under the guidance of the GREEN strategy, we formulated three topics of dual- carbon actions, green operation and recycling, comprehensively carried out the management of greenhouse gases, water resources and waste, the recycling of packing materials and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment. Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation RecycleHighlights in 2021 A thorough climate strategy was formulated, and the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050 was set. The carbon reduction case of China Shengmu of the Group was included in the Corporate Net Zero Pathway published by UNGC. factories were certified as National- level Green Factory during the year, bringing the total number of green factories to 22. 1 National Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise was approved in the year. The annual green energy consumption increased by 6. 87 year on year. provincial- level water conservation enterprise certificates were obtained in the year. Freshwater consumption per unit recorded a decrease of 2. 02 as compared with the year 2020. PP loop boxes were advocated to be applied to replace traditional paper turnover boxes, each PP loop box reduces carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to that of traditional carton boxes. The SDGs we focused in this section Dual-Carbon Action Mengniu has been actively responding to global climate change. Cooperating with the global consulting firm Boston Consulting Group (BCG) in 2021, Mengniu developed comprehensive carbon neutrality strategies in a scientific and rigorous manner, setting the strategic goal of carbon peaking in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050, and actively explored the measurement and reduction of the absolute value of carbon dioxide emission in full scope, leading the coordinative low- carbon development of the whole industry chain, and striving to achieve the goal set in the Paris Agreement at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. In 2021, Mengniu completed the inventory and correction of Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions in the period from 2018 to 2020 for all of the 63 factories of the Group, and conducted an estimate of Scope 3 emissions in 2020. During the period from 2018 to 2020, total carbon dioxide emission of the Group was increasing year by year, while the intensity of carbon dioxide emission was fluctuating within a reasonable range. In 2021, the production of the Group recorded an increase of nearly 10 from that in 2020, a significant increase as compared with the period from 2018 to 2019. Such changes were mainly due to the overall strategic plan Creating a New Mengniu by 2025 of the Group. Despite such increase, Mengniu Group is determined to continuously innovate and advance new energy- saving and consumption- reducing processes, and strictly controls greenhouse gas emissions during the trial operation of new plants to reduce the impact of carbon dioxide emissions from production capacity. Tonnes CO2e) (kgCO2e kg product)The comparison of Mengniu's total carbon emissions and carbon emission intensity of Scope 1 and 2 from 2019 to 2021 49 50 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Goal Phased Goals Key RoutesMengniu Group Strives to Achieve Carbon Peaking in 2030 and Carbon Neutrality in 2050 2020 2025 2030 Phase I Phase IIDual-Carbon Climate Strategy of Mengniu Group 2050 Phase III To control the carbon emission intensity per tonne of dairy product within 165 kgCO2e t in 2025To achieve the peaking of absolute value of Scope 1 and 2 carbon emission, and control the carbon emission intensity per tonne of dairy product within 160 kgCO2e t in 2030 Production 1. Rational application of carbon offsets 51 52 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix We established a carbon emission data inventory and statistics mechanism, independently developed a carbon emission data management system, and built an emission data accounting model. We also improved the accuracy and rationality of the basic data of carbon emission through dual inventory of the accounting model and data system. Mengniu Online Carbon Emission Management SystemA Dual- carbon Action Promotion Team of the Group was established to coordinate the research on important matters of carbon emission management; a Dual- carbon Action liaison is appointed in each subordinate department of relevant functions, divisions and business units, or each factory, who is responsible for the liaison in respect of specific matters. Climate Risk Identification Mengniu has initially identified the risks and opportunities arising from climate change for the enterprise from three aspects of physical risks, transition risks and market opportunities, and adopted corresponding measures to the identified risks. In the future, Mengniu will continuously enhance its management on climate risks and opportunities, evaluate relevant risks based on initial identification and develop contingency plans. Climate Risk Identification Physical Climate RisksRisk Descriptions Countermeasure Acute RisksTyphoon Extreme precipitation Extreme heat Extreme cold FloodIt would seriously damage the power and water supply facilities for production, resulting in the suspension of operations of some factories' production lines and other businesses, increase the construction cost of factories and ranches due to the design cope with strong winds, and cause the interruption of supply chain of milk source, and production involving supply interruption, compensation and legal liability. We formulated emergency rescue plans for flooding and lightning. We formulated an emergency rescue plan for heat stroke. We ensured the sufficient water supply to dairies and high- quality feed and established more cowsheds and shading structures. We implemented safety risk prevention and control measures for protection and supply under extremely cold weather conditions. We formulated typhoon emergency rescue plan. We heightened flood defenses to improve resistance against natural disasters. The Management System of Dual-carbon Action 53 54 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Physical Climate Risks Transition risk of climate changeRisk Descriptions Risk DescriptionsCountermeasure CountermeasureChronic Risks Risk in policies and regulations Risks in technical fieldRising sea level WarmingIt would increase the risks of write- offs and early retirement of existing assets in coastal areas with high risks, and lead to the migration of some residents, investments and business activities to inland areas which would affect existing markets. In the long term, the national energy structure will shift to non- fossil fuel energy, and the energy use will transfer to low- emissions energy. The government generally encourages the technology improvement and innovation on low- carbon and high efficiency economic systems, which can materially affect the organisation. As the climate change reinforcing and the contemporary implementation of carbon trading, carbon tax and environmental tax, supervision organisations have higher requirements of the accuracy of environmental data reported by enterprises. We continuously monitored the trends of rising sea levels. Energy structure and energy use Carbon pricing Requirem- ents of energy technologyDisclosure of environmental informationOpportunities related to climateTransition risk of climate change Risk DescriptionsRisk Descriptions Countermeasure Efficiency, resilience, innovation and market opportunitiesRisk in market supply and demandBased on government's advocacy, carbon neutral commitment, energy project and other issues, the awareness of residents, industrial customers and investors on the energy demand side has been raised, and prefer the use of clean energy. In terms of consumption purchase, consideration related to green and environmental protection was increased. The energy conservation and pollution reduction, research and development of green materials, water resource management and waste management, which are brought about by the green operation, can directly save costs for the operation of the organisation in the medium and long term, and curb greenhouse gases emissions and waste emissions worldwide to a certain extent. For the dairy industry, the considerations of future development include corresponding risk management in tackling climate change, searching for green alternatives for technology, improving production efficiency, designing new production processes, and researching new products, which can diversify the products and marketing campaigns of the Company and strengthen the resilience of dairy enterprises. Changes in customers' preference Resource efficiency Energy sources Adaptability Products and services 55 56 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix North ChinaNortheast East China South ChinaSouthwestCentral China North ChinaNortheast East China South Chin aSouthwestCentral Chi na North ChinaNortheast East China South ChinaSouthwestCentral ChinaPhysical Risks Transition Risks Opportunities Carbon pricing Energy sources Changes in customers preference Resource e ciency Requirements of energy technology Disclosure of environmental i nformation Ada ptability Products and servi ces Energy structure and resource usageExtreme precipitation Extreme cold Extreme heat Flood Rising sea level Climate warming Typhoon Maj or b ene t Large bene t General b ene t Mildly favora ble b ene t Material risk General risk Higher risk Low risk Material risk General risk Higher risk Low risk South China Sea South China SeaSouth China Sea 57 58 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Greenhouse Gas Management Mengniu formulated an effective strategy for reducing emissions, established a three- level management structure of Group- Business Division- Factory and conducted carbon inventories in the Group at operational level. Mengniu prioritizes carbon emission management in dairy farms with major raw milk suppliers, such as conducting carbon inventories during the process of animal husbandry, promoting the use of clean energy in dairy farms and optimizing feces management. Large- scale animal husbandry groups such as China Shengmu and Modern Farming invested by Mengniu have completed carbon calculation and started to formulate climate strategies and planning emission reduction pathway. Carbon Emission Management for Raw Milk Suppliers Carbon Emission Management of Raw Milk of China Shengmu Carbon Emission Management of Ice Cream Product Business Unit World-class Excrement Recycling of China Modern Dairy Ma'anshan Smokeless Factory Shengmu incorporated carbon reduction into carbon emission management for raw milk and each operation process, and established a green low- carbon ecological circle driven by dual layouts of Planting, Rearing and Processing carbon reduction and Agriculture, Forestry and Meadow carbon sequestration. In 2021, the actual carbon emissions of Shengmu were approximately 660, 000 tonnes and emission intensity decreased by 5. 70. In three major emission units of herd breeding, feed planting and processing, carbon emissions were reduced to 570, 000 tonnes, 77, 000 tonnes and 13, 000 tonnes, respectively on a year- on- year basis. In 2021, Shengmu has submitted an application to SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative) and RE100 (100 renewable energy), and was recorded as a sustainable case of the first representative enterprise in China's animal husbandry in Corporate Net Zero Pathway issued by UNGC. Mengniu Ice Cream Product BU identified the key measures of carbon footprint management Biogas power generation Dangyang factory has achieved the goal of comprehensive utilization of energy. The power output was used for electricity consumption of internal sewage plant, the excess power was used in the factory and the waste heat of biogas engine exhaust was recycled for heating tank of sewage station. Series cleaning and transformation the factory carried out cleaning water recovery and transformation, saving 42, 879 kWh of electricity and 320 tonnes of steam by various technical transformation. China Modern Dairy increased digestion rate of milk through reasonable feeding management and breeding. The overall carbon emission of gastrointestinal fermentation of dairy cattle amounted to 0. 52 kg CO2e kg FPCM. Carbon emission of feces management in ranches were approximately 0. 19 kg CO2e kg FPCM, lower than Midwest part of America, California, Ontario in Canada, Australia and other regions and countries, which reduced over 40 carbon emissions as compared with a vast majority of systems during the processes of feces management and energy consumption. The Ma'anshan factory of Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit independently designed the steam waste heat recovery device, which recovered 100 of the waste heat, reduced the safety and quality risk compared with before recovery, and improved the steam heat exchange efficiency. The waste heat originally discharged to the atmosphere, like white smoke in the air, was used on cold water in the workshop, turning about 90 tonnes of cold water to hot water about 75 per day for workshop use. This innovation can save nearly 10 tonnes of steam originally consumed per day, reduce about 500 tonnes of standard coal and corresponding carbon emissions per year, and reduce around 15 tonnes of SO2 emissions. The completion rate of self- accounting carbon emission was 100, and we will stably produce zero- carbon benchmark products in the future. Systematic Management Technology Diversity Green and Low CarbonAiming at the most advanced management standards, Mengniu promoted ISO50001 energy management system certification to achieve 100 full coverage of its own factories; formed a pillar team for energy- saving and cost- reduction covering 61 factories of the six business divisions by applying TPM energy- saving and cost- reduction tools and methods; innovated the use of visualized tool and prevented and controlled energy compliant risks by conducting risk identification and outputting a visual map for 4 risk areas of solar energy, wind energy, water resources and energy efficiency improvement of electromechanical equipment. The application of energy conservation and carbon reduction technology is promoted by mobilizing the flexible use of various resources and the concept of exploration- pilot- promotion. technologies on energy and water conservation and 4 new technologies on energy conservation and carbon reduction were independently discovered and output in 2021. 56 energy conservation projects were renovated throughout the year, which can save about 1, 500 tonnes of standard coal. The use of green renewable resources was constantly promoted to create green manufacturing demonstrations, develop the application of multi- energy complementary technologies, and help clean and low- carbon operation of enterprises. In 2021, the utilisation of green energy increased by 6. 87 year on year, and 5 state- level green factory certificates and 1 state- level green supply chain management corporate certificate were obtained. The corresponding production line on the end can realize the collection, distribution and real- time calculation of energy data on the production line, the side can realize the calculation, monitoring and alarm of plant level data, and the cloud can realize the energy statistics, analysis and early warning of end- side at the group level, so as to guide the Group's energy conservation and consumption reduction through information tools, and facilitate the achievement of the dual carbon goal. Acquisition synchronizationFunctional module (energy management platform) Data access service (providing data storage and computing functions) energy consumption calculation, output calculation Data acquisition interface connection Web page upload, import and input System interface connectionInfrastructure management Energy monitoring Energy management Energy decision- making User managementVariety managementElectrical monitoringProcessConsumption and costUnit energy consumptionDaily reporting of consumptionGas to electricity ratio Authority managementPlant model managementWater monitoringHistorical curveEnergy structure analysisProduct energy consumptionPeaks and valleysWater treatment efficiency Meter reading system OPCHost computer systemManual meter reading and entryManual meter reading and entryThird party energy management system Room temperature plantLow temperature plant Ice product plant Low temperature plantRoom temperature plantEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary meters User Group Cloud PlantEnergy data centre 61 62 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixEnvironment Carbon Net- Zero Usage of Renewable Energy Mengniu continued to promote renewable energy. In 2021, the Group realized the application of solar photovoltaic power generation of 8, 698 MWh, biomass energy produced 289, 575 tonnes of steam, and the total annual output of renewable energy was equivalent to 28, 655 tonnes of standard coal. Mengniu collects meteorological measurement data and solar radiation in the location of the factory in use of the Meteonorm and NASA databases, calculates the power generation and wind power density of the photovoltaic power generation system by identifying and analyzing the distribution characteristics and intensity of wind energy and solar energy to create a new energy distribution map. It also continuously expands the amount of distributed photovoltaics based on priorities in project implementation and explores the application of wind energy, which serves as a reference for new R&E projects and applications of renewable energy. Mengniu's New Energy Map Wind power density distribution map (watt square meter)Wind power density distribution map (watt square meter) Solar thermal radiation distribution map (megajoule square meter per year)Solar thermal radiation distribution map (megajoule square meter per year) Wuhan Green Sustainable Factory Photovoltaic Transformation of Jinhua FactoryMengniu's new factory in Wuhan was officially put into operation in March 2021. The factory applies 219 industry- leading new technologies (including energy- saving vertical boiler, automatic control of central air conditioning in clean room, quick cooling tunnel, etc.) to build an intelligent manufacturing, green and sustainable cutting- edge factory. The solar photovoltaic project of Mengniu's factory in Jinhua was officially put into use in 2021, with an installed capacity of 4. 70 MW and an annual design power generation of 4, 700 MWh. After actual operation, the current daily power generation is 12. 50 MWh, and the use of solar photovoltaic energy can reduce carbon emissions by 4, 243 tonnes per year. power generation of photovoltaic panel in Mengniu's factory in Wuhan Green Operation During the year of 2021, there were 0 environmental complaints the evidence collection rate of pollutant discharge permit of grass- roots factories wascompliance for supervisory inspections compliance for the pollutant emission compliance for the emission of various indicators the known level I and level II environmental protection risks have been rectified, and the rectification rate was0 100100 100100 100Mengniu takes ensuring compliance and promoting development as the ecological and environmental protection management idea, formulates perfect green operation management system and policies, improves water resources management system and measures, properly handles hazardous wastes and non- hazardous wastes, and actively carries out green related system certification. The Group attaches importance to green management in the process of operation, reduces pollutant emissions in manufacturing, transportation and daily office, and carries out ecological and environmental protection management around the hierarchical control list of ecological and environmental protection, the matching list of pollution prevention and control facilities, the rectification list of key risks of ecological and environmental protection and the pollutant discharge permit file, so as to continuously improve the capability of the enterprise for pollution prevention and control. During the year of 2021, there were 0 environmental complaints, 100 compliance for supervisory inspections, 100 compliance for the emission of various indicators, the evidence collection rate of pollutant discharge permit of grass- roots factories was 100, and 100 compliance for the pollutant emission. As of the end of 2021, the known level I and level II environmental protection risks have been rectified, and the rectification rate was 100. Priority shall be given to newly- built mergers and acquisitions in areas with high wind power density Priority shall be given to newly- built mergers and acquisitions in areas with high solar thermal radiation South China Sea South China Sea 63 64 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Green Operation and Management Mengniu proactively implements green operation, and in compliance with various laws and regulations on environmental protection, continuously enhances environment management and conduct third party certification with a view to reducing food waste in production to a maximum and integrating green operations into corporate operations at all levels. Our environmental protection systems including the Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection, Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning, Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling, and Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects align with 196 national comprehensive and special environmental protection laws and regulations in 22 categories, to ensure environmental compliance of project construction and the process of production and manufacturing. Environmental Management Solid waste management Environmental risk mapComprehensive management of project construction and environmental protectionWe drafted and issued the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System simultaneously in accordance with the changes and provisions in the newly revised Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, which further regulates the management requirements of general solid waste, hazardous waste, construction waste and domestic waste throughout the whole process from generation, collection, storage, transportation and disposal. By the end of 2021, the Company used the environmental risk map to supervise and accelerate the completion of rectification of 123 key environmental risks in total, ensuring the compliance of production and operation. Sample of Environmental Risk Map Risk categoryEnvironmental risk itemRisk degreeFundamental plant Subsidiary ranch Division Division Division Division Division Division DivisionDairy Dairy WastewaterLack of facilities for pollution prevention and control Primary Example Treatment facilities for dephosphorization, and denitrificationSecondary Example Example Waste gasElimination of coal fire- boilersSecondary Example Example Example Example Odour from sewage water plant and ranchQuaternary Example Example Example ManureTreatment of ranches manureContinuous concernExample Example Example MonitoringCompliance of environmental testingTertiary Example Solid wastesCompliant treatment of hazardous wasteTertiary Example Example Example General solid wastes Quaternary Example Example Example Noises Factory noises Quaternary Example Example RadiationRadiation safety and managementQuaternary Example ManagementThree simultaneous in Environmental projectionTertiary Example Example Example Example Example Discharge permit Tertiary Example Example Example The environmental management system certificationQuaternary Example Example Example Example Emergency managementQuaternary Example Example Specialized environmental protection personnelQuaternary Example Example BOT ROT riskContinuous concernExample Example Example Example Rectification rate Primary risk Secondary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary risk Continuous concern 65 66 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Environmental Management Action Plan Establish the hierarchal control list of ecological and environmental protection, and reinforce the control of plants in key ecological and environmental protection area. The Company reinforced the control requirement especially for plants located in key area and ensure fund investment, carried out improvement and enhancement of ecological and environmental protection in strict compliance with the latest laws, regulations and standards. In 2021, RMB17 million will be invested in hardware facilities renovation to complete 56 renovation projects, including renovation of sludge generation reduction, water sewage plant facilities and deodorization facilities. ISO Certified Plants Mengniu continuously carries out the occupational health and safety management system and environmental management system audit certification to meet the requirements of related laws and regulations and its own business. All the legal entities that participated in the audit have respectively obtained independent GB T45001- 2020 ISO45001 2018, GB T14001- 2016 ISO14001 2015 Management Systems Certificate. Mengniu Group obtained the ISO14001 2015 certification certificate The One Gram of Milk Initiative In 2021, Mengniu carried out the Preventive Maps of Milk Loss Save Every Gram of Milk, and set up Milk Loss Card to target and decrease milk loss. In 2021, the One Gram of Milk initiative accumulatively saved up to approximately 1, 561 tonnes of milk. As a food production enterprise, Mengniu attaches extra importance to the reduction of food waste and integrates it into every sector in the production and operation. On World Food Day (16 October) every year, Mengniu carries out anti- food waste promotion activities, making full use of the Group's intranet, LED screens, posting slogans and self- media to actively establish and promote anti- food waste experiences, practices and advanced models. Employees could record their clean plates for meals via the Clean Plate Punching Mini- Program, with a total of 19, 000 headcounts participating in the Group's Clean Plate Punching in 2021, representing food conservation equal to 1. 26 tonnes of Buffet. with a total of representing food conservation equal to 19, 000 1. 26 headcounts participating in the Group's Clean Plate Punching in 2021tonnes of Buffet 67 68 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Honours and Recognitions The case of food waste reduction was selected as a Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in 2021 in the 2nd Green Economy Development Forum jointly held by People's Daily Online, All- China Environmental Federation and the Center for Environmental Education and Communications of Ministry of Ecology and Environment; Selected as Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in 2021 GOAL- Green Operation and Life We seek to integrate sustainability into corporate operations and employees' daily life. Nine modules in the GOAL system of Mengniu's Chilled Product Business Unit, i. e, water, energy and climate change, zero waste, air pollution and substances of concern (SOC), People and Nature, the conviction that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, ecological economy, renewable agriculture, and sustainable supply chain, were established for the GOAL- green operation and life. Water Sustainable water management Air pollution and SOC- substance of concern Renewable agriculture Biodiversity Rural revitalization Sustainable soil GOAL actor United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Green Operation and LifeGreen operation and lifeSustainable supply chain Sustainable consumptionLifecycle Ecological economyZero waste Incorporation of circular economyEnergy and carbon emissions Response to climate changeLucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assetsHuman and nature Education on the knowledge of the natureWater Resource Management Mengniu is committed to promoting the all- round way management of water resources focusing on the concept of prioritizing water conservation and balanced development. It constantly reduces the pressure of production and operation on local water resources by implementing 3U water conservation strategy, enhancing management and control of target indicators, drawing water resources distribution map and water flow map and creating water conservation demonstration activity, to improve the awareness of water saving in the upstream and downstream of the entire industry chain. The fresh water consumption per unit product of the Group in 2021 decreased by 2. 02 as compared to that in 2020, and the total water conservation in 2021 was 1. 48 million tonnes (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water conservation). The reclaimed water reuse rate in 2021 was 9. 68. The rate of alternative water resources utilization was 9. 18. 4 entities were certified as provincial water- saving enterprises. entities were certified as provincial water- saving enterprises4 Target Control Drawing Water Resource Map Mengniu established the Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Committee, of which the CEO serves as the chairman, and the vice president of the group takes charge of the management of water strategy and performance, allocation of tasks to each Business Unit, sign of letter of commitment with person in charge of the business divisions and fulfillment and follow- up for monthly improvement in the performance contract. Gansu Guizhou Heilongjian AnhuiInner Mongolia TianjinShaanxi Liaoning Xizang Sichuan Zhejiang Chongqing Fujian Sufficient Scarce Extent of water scarcityHainan Guangdong Jiangsu GuangxiHunan JiangxiHubeiBeijingJilin Ningxia Henan Hebei ShandongShanxi Qinghai XinjiangExcellent Good Medium Bad Analysis of the pros and cons of water qualityBad Excellent 69 70 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Water Conservation Management The company prioritizes water conservation and balanced development to strengthen source and process control. The logic of water saving management strategy is Conducting compliance inspection on water intake and drainage in terms of four aspects, namely application for water drawing certificates, three- level measurement of water drawing equipment rate, application for drainage permit and provision of drainage measuring instruments; Establishing water- saving demonstration and promoting the construction of water resource management system covering pipe network equipment, water metering management, water balance test, water- saving technology transformation and investment, water- saving publicity and other aspects by selecting pilot units and conducting empowerment and focus support. Wastewater Treatment In 2021, the Company invested over RMB100 million to ensure the daily stable operation of its subsidiary wastewater treatment plants. At the same time, the Company established pollutant discharge permit information files for the Group, carried out major supervision and management for key ecological protection areas, strictly implemented the requirements of pollutant discharge permit management, and verified pollutant discharge compliance in environmental protection inspection and examination. At present, more than 30 wastewater treatment facilities have realized data transmission and real- time monitoring, including key water pollutant indicators such as pH, COD, ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen as well as wastewater treatment volume indicators, ensuring that the terminal effluent meets national and local standards for pollutant discharge concentration and total volume and the sewage discharge is in compliance with the laws and regulations. The Company draws a flow map in terms of the utilisation process starting from the entire process of water resources utilisation, determines the water use points with water- saving potential, formulates water resource risk warning map, develops improvement strategy and focuses on the water- saving technical transformation. Lean management and methodologies were introduced in water conservation to unify water conservation concept, discover and introduce new technologies, new methods and new processes. We implemented 61 water conservation and technology transformation processes to systematically explore the potential of water conservation to give full play to the application of water resources. Meanwhile, we also promoted the upgrading and reconstruction of the equipment and facility for water pollution control. Eight Water Conservation MeasuresReclaimed water recycling Cooling tower water conservation Equipment cooling water recycling Steam cooling water recycling Equipment cleaning water recyclingCar washing, floor washing and toilet flushing CIP cleaning optimization Water conservation renovation of water treatment workshopData specification The total water consumption in 2021 28, 643, 224. 80 tonnes 27, 183, 204 tonnes 24, 551, 190 tonnes 2, 632, 013 tonnesThe volume of wastewater treatment in 2021 The recycling volume of reclaimed water in 2021 The discharge volume of reclaimed water in 2021 1234 5 6 7 8 3U 71 72 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Recycle Green PackagingUnder the concept of lifecycle design and production, Mengniu is committed to designing and using more recoverable packages for comprehensive and sustainable product packaging certification. Mengniu promotes recyclable packaging and, to minimise landfill, steadily reduces packaging waste through research and innovation. After implementing such measure, Bameng room temperature factory and Helinsi room temperature factory have saved 138, 000 tonnes and 54, 000 tonnes of water each year, respectively. Water balance map of Mengniu The water balance map is kept optimizing by labeling key water consumption areas, developing regional objectives and conducting day- to- day management through red- green comparison, and improvement measures are taken to improve and verify with the table of analysis for areas beyond the scope to form a complete and sustainable close- loop management. The map is tracked on a regular basis to ensure the benign operating condition of the plants. Reclaimed water recycling Plant reclaimed water was recycled for greening, irrigation, toilet cleaning and for other uses. tonnes of water was saved. Under the control of the interlock of the 2 pasteurizers, the circulating water pump can be started with the start of either pasteurizer, and stops running as the pasteurizer stops running. The operator is reminded by an alarm buzzer. Approximately 2, 100 tonnes of drinking water was saved throughout the year. Frost water recycling Idle equipment is applied to provide the cold storage that requires regular frosting twice a week with an additional 20- tonne water storage tank, so as to achieve recycling of forest water. Approximately 3, 600 tonnes of tap water was saved throughout the year. Water Conservation Measures for Room Temperature business Unit Water Conservation Measures for Chilled Product Business Unit Water Conservation Measures for Ice Cream Product Business Unit 73 74 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix In 2021, Mengniu has made breakthrough and progress in lightweight packaging design, closed- loop application of dairy packaging and application research of recycled materials of its product packaging. Green Packaging Management of Room Temperature Business Unit The solution of mold core changingCooling water pipe Mold core schematic diagram of preform weight reduction In 2021, the Chilled Product Business Unit of Mengniu reduced the consumption of PET, PE, PP and PVC by 215 tonnes, 444 tonnes, 53 tonnes and 5. 89 tonnes, respectively. Integration project of PET industry chain We integrated the preformed products, unified the bottle neck and reduced the gram weight of bottle cap and preform. PE materials were replaced by the PET materials to promote green packing and reduce raw materials. Yoyi C 340 bottles were reduced from 23. 60g to 23. 40g; 2. 200g- 220g yogurt bottles were reduced from 23g to 21. 30g; 3. 450 bottles and Yoyi C800 bottles were unified to PET instead of PE; 4. Bottle caps were uniformly reduced from 3. 50g to 3. 20gSize modification project of small Yoyi C bottle label The width of Yoyi C bottle label reduced from 86mm to 70mm, and the PVC consumption was decreased. G bottle label project Since December 2021, the bottle label of 100ml, 330ml, 340ml and 800ml Yoyi C products used PET. G instead of PVC in order to reduce PVC materials that are potentially harmful to the environment or human. Material modification project of Prepack carton The material of Prepack carton was modified to 170 170 170 from 200 170 170, and the base paper material was decreased by 30g m2. Material modification project of turnover containers The material of turnover containers for rainy season was modified to 200 170 200 from 250 140 250, and the base paper consumption was decreased by 70g m2. Green Packaging Management of Fresh Milk Business Unit Roof wrapping form is newly increased for Shiny Meadow. It adopts paperboard wrapping and direct surface printing and the materials are more environmentally friendly. Three products with smaller volume were launched. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Recycling Packaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and all food enterprises to practice environmental protection. Therefore, Mengniu is committed to using more renewable materials, promoting the recycling of packaging, and participating in the development of standards for the industry to reduce the use of natural resources and environmental pollution caused by packaging. Mengniu has joined a joint task force for the supply chain of green and recyclable plastics established jointly by China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation and the China National Resources Recycling Association. As a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy- to- Collect and Easy- to- Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which filled the gap in the easier recovery plastic products and design criteria for reproducibility in China. Mengniu also participated in CPRRA (China Plastics Reuse and Recycling Association) on discussion of the PET recyclability design standards and co- developed the PET Recyclability Design Guide for better recycling of the products'containers. Innovative Use of Post-Consumer Recycled Plastic (PCR) Mengniu integrates industrial ecological forces, unites plastic raw material suppliers, packaging manufacturers, recyclers and other industrial chain parties to realize the recycling of plastic packaging for the first time in the Chinafood industry, and fully applies PCR (the content of recycled materials reaches 13 to 24 ) as product packaging films. Post- consumer milk bucket Product applicationPCR particles Closed loop PCR Shrink FilmPCR resin formulationsYoyi C using PCR wrap Honor certificate for PCR wrap case PCR wrap recycling system diagram PP Recycled Box Replacing Traditional Turnover Boxes Recyclable Packages Applied to Fruit Particles The First Waste Plastic Recycling Road in ChinaMengniu, together with auxiliary material suppliers and partners, fully uses non- toxic, non- hazardous and odour- free PP material turnover boxes to replace traditional cartonnes at Point of Sales. Each PP material containers reduces the carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to traditional corrugated boxes. After the full replacement, the Company will save 670 million paper material containers every year, and indirectly save 103, 000 tonnes of paper. TOTE recyclable packages are adopted in replace of aseptic bag and carton packaging for fruit particles, which helped reduce the use of 240, 000 cartons and 240, 000 sterile bags, which amount to 293 tonnes of paper and 29 tonnes of aluminum foil. Mengniu, in collaboration with Dow and East China University of Science and Technology, built the first waste plastic recycling road in China by using discarded plastic bottles. Through this innovation, we hope to find a unique solution to the social problem of recycling plastic waste and at the same time, we can further disseminate the relevant knowledge of the sustainable use of waste plastics, and enhance public awareness of environmental protection. Under the guidance of the GREEN strategy, we formulated three topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation to build a responsible industrial chain, explore ecological agriculture and protect the nature, ultimately realize the sustainable development of the whole industry ecosystem. The total number of suppliers was 658, including 614 suppliers in mainland China and 44 overseas suppliers. On- site assessments were conducted on 485 suppliers, with a supplier coverage rate of 74. The Code of Conduct for suppliers (COC) was improved, requiring all suppliers to sign and comply with regulations on environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights, business ethics, etc. All procured raw materials and auxiliary materials have obtained FSSC 22000, FDA registration, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 22000, HACCP, BRC or other standard system certifications. A total of more than 360 training on veterinary drug use were held, covering more than 5, 500 person- times. cooperative ranches were awarded the title of National Pilot Farms for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial drugs. Its subsidiary China Shengmu has applied 220, 000 mu (about 146. 67 million square meters) of organic fertilizers to the fields during the year, reducing the use of chemical fertilizers by approximately 7. 50 million tonnes. Its subsidiary Bellamy's and China Environmental Protection Foundation jointly released the Blue Planet public welfare project. employees participated in the beach clean- up activity, picking up a total of approximately 1, 997 kilograms of coastal garbage, covering an area of 210, 000 square meters. SDGs we focused in this section Highlights in 2021 The Entire Process of Supplier ManagementSustainable Procurement Responsible Supply Chain ManagementMengniu strengthens supplier management, continues to promote the construction of a responsible supply chain, and expands its sustainable development requirements to upstream and downstream supply chains. Mengniu adheres to the principles of open, fair, and equitable procurement, continues to improve its supplier management system and evaluates suppliers' ESG risks in all links to reduce environmental and social risks in the supply chain. Supplier Management Mengniu has formulated the internal rules and regulations of Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, which implements hierarchical and differentiated management of suppliers from the links of supplier admission, daily management, improvement, performance and optimization, and establishes a complete quality management system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply. Supplier Admission According to the primary screening criteria and 120 assessment criteria, implement on- site assessments to verify whether it meets the access requirements. Project Improvement Set up a project team and implement specified improvement measures in accordance with the prerequisites and management principles of the project. Supplier Performance and Optimization Performance Appraisal The performance appraisals are performed based on the standards for evaluating the performance of suppliers and the performance of suppliers is classified by rating. The performance is evaluated once a year. In addition, as of 2021, Mengniu revised the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) which requires all the partners to sign and comply with the rules in respect of environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights and business ethics. Through the implementation of the Code, we managed to effectively convey the sustainable development requirements of Mengniu to both upstream and downstream partners thus gradually establishing a joint sustainable concept and standardized code of conduct, which effectively pushed forward the sustainable development of the entire supplier chain. As of December 31st, 2021, Mengniu had a total of 658 suppliers, including 614 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 44 overseas suppliers. In addition, Mengniu has formulated the Product Traceability Management System to establish a traceability management mechanism, covering the whole process from raw materials and raw milk reception to sales outlets, to ensure that the raw materials of the product could be traced back to the place of origin. We required a 100 review of direct contact materials, which included verification of the effectiveness of traceability drills. In 2021, the Company's products can be 100 traced back to the origin milk sources. In 2021, the Company's products can be 100 traced back to raw milk origin. During the procurement process, we gave priority to suppliers certified by relevant international standards. The raw materials and auxiliary materials purchased by Mengniu have obtained FSSC 220003, FDA registration4, ISO 90015, ISO 140016, ISO 220007, HACCP8, BRC9 and other standard system certifications. Major Issues of The Code of Conduct for Suppliers Environment Health and Safety Labour Rights Business Ethics Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Environmental management Resource conservation Climate change Waste managementPrevention of occupational diseases Healthy and safe working environmentNon- discrimination Freedom of association Freedom of expression Protection of human rights Elimination of child labour Prohibition of forced labour Regulated working timeAnti- corruption Anti- unfair competition Anti- commercial bribery Gifts and hospitality 3Food Safety System Certification (FSSC 22000) is a global and auditable standard under the food safety management system. Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) is the certification for the management system of hazard analysis and critical control point targeted at food production companies to ensure the safety of food in the production process. The certification focuses on the safety and risks facing the consumers. Supplier Daily Management File management Regularly update the supplier's qualification, the directory, and other file materials in the supplier information management system to ensure effectiveness. Inspection upon arrival Verify compliance based on material standards and quality control plans. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Supplier Risk Assessment Supplier Empowerment TrainingMengniu has formulated the Mengniu Responsibility Supply Chain ESG Risk List, incorporated the supply chain ESG management content into bidding documents, evaluation and assessment, and other control links, and regularly carried out assessment and identification of the environment, health and safety, labour rights and ethics risks of the supply chain. In 2021, Mengniu organised training on quality and safety for all its suppliers. In addition, we developed special improvement plans for suppliers who need to make improvements, aiming to promote the mutual growth of our supplier partners and Mengniu Group. In 2021, Mengniu organised 12 training sessions for more than 658 suppliers on quality culture, ESG management, corporate culture and anti- corruption initiatives. As of the end of 2021, Mengniu has conducted on- site assessments on 485 suppliers, and the supplier coverage rate has reached 74. In 2021, the signing rate of Mengniu's Sunshine Agreement with suppliers reached 99. 80. The system clearly stipulates that supplier who has caused significant losses to Mengniu Group in terms of economy, brand and reputation due to falsifying, malicious bidding, malicious defaults, breach of the principle of integrity, breach of the terms of the Sunshine Agreement, or other reasons causing economic, brand, and reputation loss will be blacklisted after identification. In particular, blacklisted suppliers for violating the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently prohibited; other blacklisted suppliers will be prohibited for five years. In addition, we have set up a channel for whistleblowing and complaining about integrity issues of suppliers, and regularly conducted anti- corruption audits of suppliers to investigate and deal with illegal and non- compliant behaviors promptly. Mengniu's Sunshine Agreement signing rate with suppliers reached 99. 80 A safe and high- quality milk source is the essence of producing premium dairy products. For raw milk suppliers, Mengniu implements strict management processes and continues to provide them with financial and technical support to contribute to the sustainable development of the farms. Mengniu has formulated the management document of Ranch Quality and Safety Management System, under which it implements the whole- process standardized management for all cooperative pastures, covering 8 dimensions and 92 modules, including hay planting, ranch construction, cow feeding, milk production, milk storage, milk transportation, procurement management, monitoring and improvement. Meanwhile, we also developed the Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and the Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual, to strictly regulate the standardized ranch operating procedures, which encompass 18 modules, 108 secondary modules, and 469 key points, including ranch design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, cow herd management, and parlor management, etc. In 2021, the total number of cooperative ranches in the Group remained stable, and the milk volume increased by 12 year- on- year. In 2021, Mengniu cooperated with a number of financial institutions to issue a series of financial products, through which the Company invested over RMB7 billion in support of upstream small and medium pastures. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Green Procurement of Raw Material We Encourage Bellamy's Practising the Principle of Green ProcurementMengniu actively promotes sustainable procurement certification among suppliers to strengthen forest protection and reduce the risk of deforestation. We prioritize the use of sterile recyclable packaging materials certified by the FSC or SFI program. In 2021, Mengniu procured approximately 20 billion packs of paper packages, all of which passed the FSC certification. Spec ific informati on regardi ng products and sites i s listed in the appendix(es) of this certificate. The vali dity and exact scope covered by this cert ificate shal l always be veri fied at www. org This certificate itself does not constitute evidence that particular product suppli ed b y the certificate holder is FSC certified or FSC Cont rolled W ood. Produc ts offered, shipped or sold by the certificate holder can only be cons idered covered by the scope of this certificate when the requ ired FSC claim is clearly stated o n invoices and s hipping docu ments. Laura T errall Kohl er Director, NEPCo n Assur ance Filosoofi 31, Tartu Estoni a NEPCon O here by confirms that the C hain of Custody system of SSIIGG IInntteerrnnaattiioonnaall SSeerrvviicceess GGmmbbHH Rurstrasse 58 Linnich, 52441 German y has been assessed and certified as meeting the requirements of FFSSCC--SSTTDD--4400--000033 VV22--11;; FFSSCC--SSTTDD--4400--000044 VV33--00;; FFSSCC--SSTTDD--5500--000011 VV22--00 The certif icate is valid from 08-06-2019 to 07-06-2024 Certificate version date 05-06-2019 SSccooppee ooff cceerrttiiffiiccaattee Certificate t ype Multisite (No common ownership) Chain of Custody CCeerrttiiffiiccaattee rreeggiissttrraattiioonn ccooddee NC-C OC-012945 FFSSCC LLiicceennssee CCooddee FSC-C020 428 CERTIFIC ATE for TETR A PAK GROUP Ruben Rausings gata Lund, 221 86, Sweden CERTIFICA TE SCOPE Certificate Type Multi-Site Chain of Custody Standard(s) FSC-STD-40-003 V2-1; FSC-STD- 40-004 V2- 1 Product Group(s) Paperboard packaging materia l Valid from June 11, 201 7 to June 10, 2022 Certificate Registration Code RA-COC-0 0241 3 FSC License Code FSC-C0 1404 7 Certificate Issue Number IN-2017-1 As a multi-site certificate, the activities and products included in the scope of this certificate are performed by a netw ork of participating sites. Additional details regarding the scope, including a full list of products, species, and participating site s are available at info. Laura T errall, Director, Certification Rainf orest Alliance 233 Br oadw ay, 28th Floor New York, NY 10279 USA Rainforest Alliance is an FSC accredited certifier FSC A000520 The validity of this cer tificate shall be verified on in fo. This cer tificate does not constitute evidence that a particular product supplied by the certificate holder is FSC certified and or FSC Controlled Wood. Products offered, shipped or sold by the certific ate holder can only be considered covered by the scope of this certificate when t he required FSC claim is clearly stated on in voices and shipp ing documents. This certific ate and all copies o r reproductions of this certific ate shall be returned or destroyed if requested by Rainforest Alliance. the FSC certification obtained by SIG Combibloc Group the FSC certification obtained by Tetra Pak Group Mengniu's ranches use soybean meal, a by- product generated from oil extraction of soybean, as feeds for dairy cows. Mengniu encourages soybean meal suppliers to proactively trace the place of origin of soybeans and to give priority to soybeans without deforestation risk. In 2021, the revenue of the products with palm oil accounted for approximately 1 of the Company's major business revenue, and 100 of Mengniu's palm oil suppliers passed the RSPO10certification; 10Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO). The main purpose of RSPO certification is to maintain the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) planting, processing, and trade, and gradually establish the sustainable development of palm oil products. Mengniu actively fulfilled its environmental responsibilities, implemented green procurement of raw materials, and built a green supply chain. In 2021, Mengniu strengthened the green procurement management of raw materials and promoted the improvement of environmental protection, quality, and safety of suppliers. that suppliers establish quality management system, pass third party certifications, such as organic certification, green food certification, and others; that suppliers establish improved system for the bases, monitor and investigate the quality of soil, water and air as well as the quality of raw materials of bases on a regular basis and summarize and evaluate the status and results of bases management on a regular basis; that suppliers establish management system for pesticides, veterinary drugs and other chemicals and list of qualified suppliers and implement procurement from suppliers selected from the list, regulate the medication safety interval and drug dosage, regulate quarantine, with no use of pesticides, veterinary drugs and other agricultural inputs prohibited by the state. Major suppliers of Bellamy's under Mengniu have developed global sustainable development and social responsibility plans to ensure the sustainability of raw material procurement and production. Meanwhile, Bellamy's considers the suppliers' carbon emission plan and awareness, the emission and pollution policies, and water consumption and water discharge policies to ensure that there will be no negative impact on the environment during the suppliers' operation. COFCO International, the main soybean meal supplier of Mengniu's Aiyangniu platform integrated procurement platform, announced that by the end of December 2021, it had achieved the traceability for 100 directly purchased soybeans from Matopiba, an important soybean producing area in Brazil. COFCO International and the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank, use satellite images and geographic data to map the suppliers' farms and monitor their dynamics to ensure that they meet a series of sustainable development standards, including no engagement in deforestation and vegetation destruction, no activities carried out in environmental reserves, no invasion of the land of aborigines, etc. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Sustainable Agriculture Animal WelfareMengniu is committed to developing sustainable agriculture. Construction of Animal Welfare Standard System In 2021, Mengniu cooperated with the China Association for the Promotion of International Agricultural Cooperation and other entities to participate in the compilation and release the first group standard titled Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows in China. The standard upholds the concept of treating animals scientifically, reducing animals' pain and stress response, providing suitable growth environment and nutrition for animals, and improving animals' quality of life and health level, and normalizes the animal welfare standards of dairy cows in the whole process of breeding, transportation, and elimination. In addition, we also focus on the welfare and healthy breeding of dairy cows, highlighting the improvement of precision nutrition, perinatal management, silage action and stress prevention, and control of dairy cows, and promote such practices in all cooperative pastures across the country according to the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattles in Farm prepared and released in 2020. Five Benefits in the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System Psychological welfare Behavioral welfare Environmental welfare Hygienic welfare Physiological welfare No fear or sadness in lifeExpress nature Living comfortably No pain, injury or diseaseNo thirst and hunger Grouping management Milking management Breeding programme Delivery process Calf feeding procedureFaeces urine clean- up Bedding maintenance Comfort managementNewborn cattle care Health and careSource and storage of fresh water and forage Drinking water management Total mixed ration (TMR) production TMR feeding Trough managementMengniu continually takes a deep dive into the practice and promotion of the animal welfare system. With the help of the technical expert team of the Golden Key of Dairy Cow campaign of the national dairy cow farming industry technology system, we have built a regional demonstration farm for farm animal welfare to drive the heightened growth of the dairy cow farming industry. Welfare of Dairy Cows in Modern Dairy Welfare of Dairy Cows in China Shengmu Modern Dairy attaches great importance to animal welfare. It is required that the nine modules, i. e. feeding and water drinking, cowshed, facilities, daily management, specific management of cattle at various stages, personnel requirements, clinical veterinary management, transportation, casualty or elimination of cattle, recording, traceability, shall meet the requirements of animal welfare. Modern Dairy has been highly appraised and recognized by external parties in terms of animal welfare. China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, has built 19 organic pastures in Ulanbu and the hinterland of desert and raised nearly 100, 000 organic dairy cows. China Shengmu ensures the quality of food and drinking water by offering dairy cows with organic feed and mineral water. The security team comprising professional nutritionists and health care doctors equipped ensures the health and comfort of dairy cows throughout the milk production. In order to improve animal welfare, all pastures of China Shengmu are equipped with, among others, playground, sand pads, fans, cow body brushes, warm clothes, windbreak, lighting equipment and sprinkler systems, which ensures a sound living environment of dairy cows. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Procurement of veterinary drugs Veterinarian management Dairy cattle management Traceability management Raw milk managementall veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage. dosed cattle must be marked differently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period. ranches are required to establish a comprehensive list of veterinary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicated roles to manage them. milk collected on the current day is subject to laboratory monitoring for veterinary drug residues, and non- conforming milk is subject to harmless disposal. In 2021, Mengniu launched the special control action of veterinary anti- microbial, formulated the specification of the ranch medication process and guided the ranch to medicate less, medicate better and standardize medication. More than 360 of such training were held, with more than 5, 500 participants. In addition, we continued to promote the action of reducing the use of antibiotics in ranches, and guided 14 cooperative ranches to obtain the National Pilot Accredited Farm for Reducing the Use of Veterinary Antibiotics. Management of Veterinary Drug Use Upholding the veterinary drug use principle of reduced use and no antibiotics, Mengniu has strictly complied with the Animal Epidemic Prevention Law, formulated our Commitment for the Use of the Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs and established a management system for the use of veterinary drugs. Strictly prohibiting drugs banned in China or internationally, and posting the prohibited list to the partner ranches; Restricting and gradually stopping the use of veterinary drugs on which quantity limits are imposed within and outside China and which pose risks; Regulating the use of other types of veterinary drugs and ensuring that use is in strict compliance with the product labels and instructions in terms of the scope of animals, indications, usage and dosage, withdrawal period, etc. Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management Five Key Measures of Veterinary Drug ManagementManagement of Renewable Agriculture Mengniu vigorously advocates the construction of ecological dairy farms, promotes the recycling of natural resources in dairy farms, and explores and practices renewable agriculture. Mengniu requires raw milk suppliers to strictly abide by th e Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, the Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the PRC, the Soil Pollution Control Law of the PRC, the Water and Soil Conservation Law of the PRC, and other laws and regulations, and to value highly the protection of the ecological environment around the dairy farms to achieve the harmonious development between the dairy farms and nature. We have formulated the Review Rules for Milk Supplier Access, which integrates environmental protection requirements into the whole life cycle management process of the dairy farms, and clarifies environmental protection requirements in the aspects of certification, selection, review, performance management and hay selection in dairy farms. Through the effective use of dairy cow's manure, our ranch partners effectively reduced the use of artificial fertilizers on the dairy farms, as well as the discharge of manure to improve the soil health of the farms. In 2021, Mengniu introduced new technologies and methods to form four sets of manure treatment solutions, such as the promotion of container- filled and trough- filled fermentation systems, using biogas residue as cow bedding material after directly fermented from fresh cow manure upon separation of wet from dry biomass and organic fertilizer raw material. In addition, we guide the dairy farms to carry out the construction of related facilities, or engage a third- party expert company to realize the harmless treatment and utilization of manure resources. Manure Resourification in China Shengmu China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, has built 33 dairy farms in the Ulan Buh Desert, with a herd of 110, 000 cows, and an annual output of 600, 000 tonnes of raw milk. The company has also built 11 water reservoirs, 9 organic manure fermentation plants and 1 bio- organic fertilizer processing plant. China Shengmu systematically treated the manure produced in the dairy cow farming process, and applied it back harmlessly to the field according to the maximum discomposing capacity of the land, to realize the sustainable use of manure resources. Meanwhile, it was conducive to restoring degraded soil and improving soil health. In 2021, the company applied organic fertilizer in 220, 000 mu (about 146. 67 million square meters) of land area to reduce the consumption of approximately 7. 50 million tonnes of chemical fertilizer. Mengniu Dairy Farms Water Conservation Initiatives Mengniu actively integrated industry- wide resources, carried out more than 60 online or offline training and encouraged farms to set up circulating water systems and intelligent spray systems; The supernatant of the oxidation pond was used to flush the milking halls, the waiting halls, the cow walking aisles, and other ground surfaces to achieve the recycling of water resources; Dairy farms were guided to scientifically use water by the installation of an intelligent spray system to reduce the waste of water. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Biodiversity Conservation Forest Conservation Action Biodiversity ConservationBiodiversity conservation is an important part of Mengniu's sustainable development, and we strive to realize the biodiversity conservation vision featuring From the Nature For the Future by carrying out forest conservation actions, practicing biodiversity conservation and enhancing biodiversity consensus. In strict compliance with the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on the Implementation of the Forest Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations and the forest protection regulations under relevant local policies, Mengniu resolutely stops the act of indiscriminate logging of forest resources, and actively protects forest resources. In 2021, the construction- purpose land managed by Mengniu did not involve the risk of deforestation. The report proposed one vision, three pathways, five actions and eight commitments for biodiversity conservation, and formed a Add a link to the English Report 1- 3- 5- 8 strategic system to comprehensively carry out biodiversity conservation. In addition, Mengniu works together with employees, partners, consumers, and other stakeholders to carry out biodiversity conservation projects to improve the understanding and awareness of biodiversity among employees and the public, and promote consumers' willingness to green consumption. In addition, Mengniu works together with employees, partners, consumers, and other stakeholders to carry out biodiversity conservation projects to improve the understanding and awareness of biodiversity among employees and the public and promote consumers' willingness to green consumption. Remarkable Effects of Desert Control by China Shengmu Mengniu's Coastal Clean-up Activities ESG Sustainability Visitor Zone in Mengniu Wuhan Factory Blue Planet Public Welfare ProgramFor years, we have been calling on our employees across the country to participate in beach clean- up activities on International Coastal Clean- up Day, to help protect our rivers and oceans by picking up litter from the river bank and coast. In 2021, 822 young employees of Mengniu participated in the coastal clean- up activities, picking up approximately 1, 997 kilograms of litter from the river bank and coast with an area of 210, 000 square meters. During the fifteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity COP15 of the United Nations, Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, organised the Blue Planet public welfare program with China Environmental Protection Fund. The program aims to encourage all people to raise their concerns about and safeguard biodiversity to realize the promising vision of Harmonious Coexistence Between Human Beings and Nature. The company leads the children and families to embrace nature, learn with joy and practice and experience the enchantment of biodiversity through activities from enlightenment education on biodiversity conservation to outdoor classes for children. Bellamy's offers its organic farms and ranches as social practice sites for children's science education on the organic ecological environment. The new Mengniu Wuhan plant has set up an ESG sustainable development zone in the visitor area to promote biodiversity conservation and other sustainability- related concepts to consumers. The total number of visiting the plant was 5, 043 person- times in 2021. the Opening Ceremony of Biodiversity Conservation Public Welfare Activity Bellamy's Australia Organic Ranch Mengniu's Coastal Clean- up Activity in 2021 Children visited the ESG Sustainability Zone at the Wuhan plantChina Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, upholding the concept of plant grass or trees as appropriate, built a systematic desert control industry system, and created a vertical ecosystem comprised of trees, shrubs and pastures, under which large trees play as primary protection, trees, and shrubs as secondary and tertiary protection to comprehensively ease the wind and stabilize the sand, reduce land desertification, and thus improve desert climate significantly. As at the end of 2021, Shengmu has planted more than 97 million trees suited for sandy soils in the Ulan Buh Desert, afforested 410, 000 mu (about 273. 33 million square meters) of desert area and increased the precipitation by 30. 36 from 80 mm year to 320 mm year. The influenced area of the desert was reduced by 40 - 45 compared with that in 1980s, the amount of sand and dust was reduced by 80 - 90 and the average wind speed was reduced by 21. 42. 91 92 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix 05 Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu is committed to providing nutritious, healthy and delicious dairy products to consumers around the world, nourishing two billion consumers with superior products. Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, quality service and excellent quality are set to cater for the various health needs, provide more inclusive nutrition and safeguard a better life. SDGs we focused in this sectionHighlights in 2021 Releasing the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) to promote nutrition and health in a comprehensive manner. new products were launched, and a variety of organic, sugar- reduced, low- fat, functional- enhanced and less- artificial additive products were continuously created. Over 20, 000 salespeople, promoters and new retail business staff were empowered through training on knowledge of dairy nutrition. newly granted patents, 47 valid copyright registrations and 4, 578 valid trademarks were registered during the year. of the factories having obtained the ISO 9001 quality management system certification, and 100 of the dairy products factories having obtained the HACCP certification. Eight categories of products have been certified by EU food standards. The product quality traceability information system being built to cover 8 processes and 16 links in the whole industry chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information in the industry chain. Organising Together with the Consumers activity on consumer day, with more than 40, 000 participants, more than 100 events and over 180, 000 consumer feedbacks collected. Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services Nutrition and Health Healthy ProductsMengniu has been continuously launching more innovative products, and continuously increasing the health attribute of products and associated investments to satisfying various nutrition and health needs of different groups of people. In June 2021, Mengniu released the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) to promote nutrition and health in a comprehensive manner and build a world- class nutrition and health brand image. Mengniu is committed to developing and producing more nutritious and healthier products. On the basis of nutritional health research and improvement of relevant standards, Mengniu has continued to expand our product categories and launched a succession of products with healthy features such as being organic, low fat, low sugar, low artificial ingredients, plant based, enhanced nutritional elements and small size with more high- quality nutritional dairy products. raw milk fermented 3g protein per 100ml 1 billion CFU BB- 12 probiotics per 100g originated from A2 type cows in GAP standard ranch pure A2 - casein certified by EU food standard 4g protein and 130mg of natural calcium certified by EU food standard 50 billion active probiotics low sugar and zero fat with calcium and vitamin DChampion Yogurt 0 SucroseShiny Meadow A2 - casein fresh milkShiny Meadow 4. 0 fresh milkYoyi C lactobacillus beverage- low sugar and high calcium originated from pastures in desert 4g natural milk protein and 130mg of natural calcium in each 100ml of milk certified by both Chinese and EU organic standardsMilk Deluxe Organic Pure Milk use of EHT enzymatic hydrolysis technology zero lactose and reduced fat content by 50 Zero Lactose and Low-fat Milk sugar reduced by 42 each bottle of yoghurt has additional 3. 20g dietary fiberJust Yogurt Liquid milk 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrins per 100g milk powder with FOS prebiotics and beta- glucan certified by Chinese and Zelanian organic standards 0 added sugar high dietary fibre - inulin and polyfructose advanced slow- digesting carbohydrate formula with low GIBellamy's Organic Children's Growth Milk PowderYourui Adult Milk Powder with bifidobacterium lactis Probio- M8 seperated from breast milkM8 Milk Powder for children from 3 to 6 years old Milk powder with raw milk as a main ingredient contain collagen peptides and cherries pulp Deluxe Cherry Milk Ice CreamIce cream Cheese and other dairy products world's first organic cheese stick made from triple organic certified cream cheese 51 cheese content flavour, colouring and preservative free 6 times of milk calcium less sugar and sodiumArla Organic Cheese Sticks Mengniu High Calcium Cheese Sticks sparkling drink with live probiotics the first of its kind in the industryOthers Yoyi C sparkling drink rich in dietary fiber low glycemic (GI)Oatist plant-based beverage protein content 7 and fat content 3 with freeze- dried instant coffee powderDeluxe Low-fat Coffee-flavoured Ice cream Products in Smaller Size To avoid waste caused due to inability to finish eating in one time, we are committed to researching and developing small- pack products. We have developed a variety of products with a capacity of less than 220g, such as small Yoyi C lactobacillus drink, Just Yoghurt strawberry fruit- flavoured yogurt, Future Star student milk and AhmouleYoghurt. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2021 Nutrition Education Nutrition education is the most fundamental, economical and effective strategy and measure to solve public nutrition and health problems. Mengniu implements the Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Plan, conducts education and dissemination of knowledge about basic nutrition, population nutrition and dairy scientific nutrition, and improves the level of national nutrition and health knowledge. the revenue of pure milk and fresh milk accounted for more thanthe revenue of products with no added sugar and reduced addition of sugar accounted for more than the revenue of low- sodium products accounted for more than the revenue of low- fat products accounted for more than 50 the revenue of organic products accounted for more than Notes a) the revenue share of nutrition and health products refers to the proportion of revenue from nutrition and health products in the principle business revenue of Mengniu; b) the products with low sodium and low fat comply with the GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods; c) products with low or no artificial ingredients refer to the products without artificial additives, colorant aspartame and other controversial additives, or those with less such additives than the ordinary products; d) products fortified with nutrients refer to products with additional nutrients added compared to ordinary products. the revenue of products with low or no artificial ingredients accounted for more than 9590 the revenue of products fortified with nutritients accounted for more than 3515 The Second Nutrition and Health Development Conference of Chinese Students In 2021, Mengniu, Tongliao City People's Government and Nutrition and Health Promotion Association of Chinese Students jointly held the second nutrition and health development conference of Chinese students. The three parties launched the joint construction project of a student nutrition and food education base to promote food education research results to truly serve students, schools and families, which helps the sustainable development of the nutrition and health industry, and realises the common vision of a healthy and powerful country. Mengniu's Healthy China-Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program Campus Campaign From June 2021, Mengniu joined hands with the China Nutrition Society and the Nutrition and Health Promotion Association of China Student to host the Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program campus campaign. In 2021, a total of 7 campaigns, were held in Tianjin, Wuhan, Pingdingshan and other places, covering more than 2, 000 teachers, students and parents. Mengniu attaches great importance to scientific research and innovation, and continues to conduct in- depth nutrition research in cooperation with scientific research institutions at home and abroad. At present, Mengniu has built the world- leading High- Tech Research Institute and High- Intelligence Production Base, bringing together the expertise of 16 domestic and international universities and research institutions, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, China Agriculture University and Jiangnan University. In 2021, Mengniu launched cooperation projects with China Agricultural University and Jiangnan University respectively, mainly involving oils and fats, proteins, probiotics and other fields. Nutrition Research Mengniu 2021 Nutrition Research Projects China Breast Milk-oriented Protein System Research Project The 13th Five-Year Plan National Key Research and Development Special Project Creation of New Generation of Dairy Products and Dairy-based Food for Special Medical Purposes for Infants Project of Research on the Impact of Organic Diet on Infant Health in Early Life Environmental Microbe Monitoring Plan of Production Plant (EMP) Group Standard of Probiotic Terminology Influence of Yoghurt on Children's Health in China Dairy Nutritional Health Trends Report Validation Experiment of Health Benefits and Efficacy of Probiotic Products Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 2021 High Quality Standards System Construction Project- Dairy Nutrition Standards System Mengniu's Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program campus campaign 97 98 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Mengniu has established an intellectual property system and built an intellectual property management system with Mengniu's characteristics, forming an intellectual property creation mechanism oriented to high- value brand innovation and supported by a digital intelligence technology platform, an intellectual property protection mechanism with holistic and synergic self- protection and dynamic and timely pre- warning against peers, an intellectual property mechanism with analysis of the legal environment in the destination countries for overseas market expansion and monitoring of intellectual property risks in the industry, and the intellectual property management mechanism with full collaboration between the intellectual property management departments and business departments, with a view to guiding each department to bring into play the combination of various types of intellectual property. In 2021, in the course of business, Mengniu audited a total of 6, 469 trademark- related matters, 1, 072 packaging and advertising matters and 26 copyright registrations. The Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights stipulates the principles of Mengniu Group's intellectual property management, strengthens the protection of trademarks, patents and copyrights and requires timely application and registration to protect intellectual property achievements and prevent infringement; the Advertising Slogan and Trademark Review System mainly provides for the specific management methods, management processes and the use of related materials regarding the Group's advertising slogans and trademarks. patents were applied in 2021, with a total of 1, 223 valid patents by the end of 2021, and 185 new granted patents in 2021; 47 effective copyright registrations and 4, 578 effective trademarks in 2021. Intellectual Property Protection patents were applied in 2021valid patents by the end of 2021new granted patents in 2021278 1, 223 185 Excellent Quality Quality Control Product Life-cycle Quality AssuranceMengniu has been always upholding a core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, continuously improving product quality and presenting consumers with perfect products of world quality. At present, Mengniu takes the lead in passing the EU food standard certification for eight categories of its products in China. The Company has updated 19 policies and systems on safety and quality management in total, including quality management on raw material, quality management on raw material suppliers, management of ranch quality and safety, management of safety and quality performance, product traceability management, peripheral warehouse management, dealer access management and others. As of 31 December 2021, all of Mengniu's factories had been certified to the ISO 9001 quality management system, and all dairy factories had been certified to HACCP, with a total of 179 certifications. In 2021, Mengniu launched the system consistency project. The State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China - the Second Class On 3 November 2021, Mengniu's project Key Technology for The Control and Quality Improvement of Milk and Dairy Products won the second class of the State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China by the State Council, which represented a high level of recognition for Mengniu's work on quality and safety and quality improvement in recent years. The State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China - the Second Class 99 100 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Eight Categories of Products Have Been Certified by EU Food Standards In 2021, Mengniu carried out EU food standard product certification, covering eight categories of sterilized milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, pasteurized milk, milk- containing flavored beverages, frozen beverages, infant formula milk products and processed cheese. All the certified products have passed the evaluation, and reached the EU standard. EU Food Certification Application and Training of Quality Design System In 2021, the Company released the work roadmap, guidelines and tools throughout the whole process of new product quality activities. The quality design system has been applied to all new products and continuously optimized. Photo of Quality Design System Training Mengniu conducts double- layer audits and strict access to raw and auxiliary materials, suppliers and high- risk items performs strict testing on each batch of raw and auxiliary materials, implements full index verification by authoritative institutions on raw and auxiliary materials, identifies the food safety risks of the whole chain of raw and auxiliary materials from the supplier to the factory and carries out quality control. Mengniu also utilises the quality big data to achieve risk warning of non- conforming materials and implements special improvements, conducts daily quality reviews on existing suppliers to identify shortcomings and promotes supplier quality improvement; promotes continuous supplier optimization through supplier quality performance management; signs a Food Safety Commitment with suppliers, and forms a supplier withdrawal and quality blacklist mechanism to gradually improve the quality management system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply. Mengniu benchmarked against the world's first- class management methods, took one of the ten major categories of raw materials as a pilot and implemented the raw material pre- management process. Pilot Implementation of Pre-management of Raw MaterialsProcurement and Supply Life-cycle Quality Management In order to strengthen the publicity of quality culture and empower all employees, in 2021, the Company organised a total of 353 sessions of training on quality and safety for all employees. The fourth Helin factory with normal temperature, Beijing factory low temperature, Jiaozuo factory for ice products, Ma'anshan factory for fresh milk and Helin factory for cheese were selected as the first five pilot factories for evaluation. The evaluation results exceeded the global average level of the peers. Among them, the fourth Helin factory with normal temperature and Ma'anshan factory for fresh milk obtained the international highest grade A. Quality Culture ConstructionProduct Traceability Management Mechanism In 2021, the Company aligned with the industry and relevant laws and regulations, sorted out and improved the key traceability information of the industry chain, formed product traceability information standards, solidified the sources of traceability information, covered 8 processes and 16 links of the whole industry chain to achieve 100 coverage of the key quality traceability information of the industry chain. In order to standardize the workflow of product recall, reduce and avoid the harm of unsafe products and protect public health and life safety, Mengniu has established a sound recall mechanism for Mengniu products by developing Product Recall Management System of Mengniu Group, in conjunction with the national Administrative Measures for Food Recalls to put in place a sound product recall mechanism. All departments are required to immediately stop selling the products when they are informed that the products are unsafe, and take the initiative to recall the relevant unsafe products. Mengniu implements three- level control of product recalls according to the degree of harm and urgency of unsafe products and ensures rapid response, in addition to clearly defining the recall initiation process, information transmission, recall implementation process and subsequent analysis and improvement requirements, as well as to require written reports to be formed daily for Level 1 recalls, at least every 5 working days for Level 2 recalls and at least every 10 working days for Level 3 recalls. Mengniu has formulated documents to regulate advertising and marketing practices, such as the Review and filing System of Advertising Slogan and Trademark, the Product Claim Management System, the Mengniu Group Business Principles of Responsible Marketing. For breast- milk substitutes, the marketing methods are strictly required to comply with the International Code of Marketing of Breast- milk Substitutes and the relevant statements of the Measures for the Administration of the Marketing of Breast Milk Substitute Products in China. In 2021, the company revised the Review and Management System of Advertising and Publicity. We held on- site and online training for over 20 legal staff of each Business Unit to publicise the Review and Management System of Advertising and Publicity. The Company held approximately over 40 training related to the responsible marketing in total, with over 7, 000 participants in total. Meanwhile, Mengniu combines the construction of national nutrition and health standards and the development of Mengniu's own businesses to promote the reasonable use of front- of- package (FOP) label for prepackaged foods in all business divisions to ensure compliance with nutrition and health claims, and to promote the use of product clean labels to facilitate consumers' faster identification and selection of nutrition and health products. Responsible Marketing System Consumer Services Mengniu highly values the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers, strictly complies with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests, treats and handles consumer complaints seriously and endeavors to protect the privacy and information security of our consumers. An independent department deals with complaints, and consumers can lodge complaints via channels such as telephone, Weibo, WeChat and email. complaints were received by the company in 2021, among which, 21, 066 were quality- related complaints, 9, 565 were service- related complaints and 1, 023 were complaints of different types other than quality or service- related complaints, with a 100 complaint handling and settling rate. On the World Consumer Rights Day on 15 March 2021, Mengniu organised the We Are with the Consumers activity, Information Protection Information security risk is one of the N 10 major risks of Mengniu in 2021. In 2021, the company will update and formulate contingency plans for emergency responding to and handling of the security events of important systems, networks, websites, data, communications and infrastructure. with more than participantsmore than eventsand over consumer advises were collected and tracked for improvement loss goal of 0 leakage goal of 0 damage goal of 0 103 104 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix ESG Scope and General Disclosure and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Pages Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations. P111 A1. 4Total non- hazardous wastes produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility). P51- 52, P59- 60, P64- 67, P70-73 A1. 6Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled and the waste reduction objectives established and the steps taken to accomplish these objectives. Note Resources may be used for production, storage, transportation, buildings, electronic equipment, etc. P61- 64 A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, and the description of the water efficiency objectives established and the steps taken to accomplish these objectives. P70-73 A2. 5Total packaging materials used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P59- 67, P90- 92 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral DisclosurePolicy for identifying and responding to significant climate- related issues that have had and may have an impact on the issuer. P54- 58 Social B1 EmploymentGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti- discrimination and other benefits and welfare. P32 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P38 B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P35 B4 Labor StandardGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding preventing child and forced labour. P82 B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, as well as how they are implemented and monitored. P81- 84 B5. 3Description of practices relating to identifying the environmental and social risks of every sector of the supply chain, as well as how they are implemented and monitored. P81- 84 B5. 4Description of practices relating to promoting the use of environmental protection products and services when selecting supplier, as well as how they are implemented and monitored. P85- 86ESG Scope and General Disclosure and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Pages B6 Product Respon sibilityGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding health and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P102 B6. 2Number of products and service- related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P102 B6. 5Description of consumer information protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. P104 B7 AnticorruptionGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding bribery, corruption, fraud and money laundering. P25 B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P27- 28 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. P39- 46 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area. P39- 46 107 108 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Mengniu's Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Economic Performance Indicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Operating revenue (RMB100 million) 490. 27 537. 79 601. 56 689. 77 790. 30 760. 35 881. 42 Total assets (RMB100 million) 506. 53 491. 24 581. 38 664. 57 785. 37 801. 46 981. 01 Profit (RMB100 million) 25. 20 8. 13 20. 30 32. 03 42. 95 35. 02 49. 64 Production capacity (10, 000 tonnes) 868 921 922 975 950 990 1, 116 Completion ratio of economic contracts ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Signing ratio of Anti- Bribery Contract ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 99. 80SS Traceability of nonconforming products ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales ( )0 0 0 0 0 0 0 TMP and silage coverage ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Mechanized milking ratio ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Raw milk random sampling pass rate ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Ratio of large- scale intensive ranch milk sources ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100Social Performance Environmental PerformanceIndicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Labor contract signing rate ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Medical examination and health record coverage ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Total number of employees 39, 683 41, 600 41, 141 41, 031 37, 894 40, 626 44, 629 Training time per employee per year (hours) 36. 50 36. 70 36. 92 41. 97 66. 30 87. 26 87. 31 Completion rate of procurement contracts ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Total expenditure on Charity (RMB10, 000) 510 1, 050 1, 969. 90 2, 500 4, 000 76, 000 4, 584. 50 Total tax paid (RMB100 million) 29. 50 29. 20 36. 66 41. 11 45. 22 36. 91 40. 89 Indicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Water saved (10, 000 tonnes) 122. 29 51. 60 49. 84 96. 00 137. 40 201. 10 147. 94 Reclaimed water rate ( ) 10. 55 11. 38 9. 85 7. 18 7. 99 7. 63 9. 68 COD reduction (tonne) 29, 088. 26 30, 701. 89 34, 102. 95 47, 095. 70 49, 575. 42 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 Compliant treatment rate of solid waste ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 109 110 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix Mengniu's Performance Data on Key Environmental Indicators from 2019 to 2021 Index Indicator Unit 2019 Data 2020 Data 2021 Data Exhaust gasTotal exhaust emissionsCubic metres 2, 583, 107, 214. 86 1, 700, 946, 666. 78 2, 210, 671, 704. 11 SO2 emissions Tonne 123. 20 35. 90 150. 30 NOx emissions Tonne 230. 22 141. 95 1, 489. 99 Soot emissions Tonne 121. 91 25. 96 238. 57 WastewaterWastewater discharge10, 000 tonnes 2, 647. 97 2, 863. 80 2, 718. 32 COD discharge Tonne 1, 284. 63 1, 063. 87 893. 81 BOD discharge Tonne 222. 48 246. 93 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 185. 16 154. 40 204. 24 Carbon dioxide emissions 10, 000 tonnes 116. 00 127. 00 136. 00 - Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 21. 00 21. 00 26. 00 - Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 95. 00 106. 00 110. 00 Carbon dioxide emission per tonne of productionkg Tonne 168. 00 169. 00 171. 00 Total hazardous waste Tonne 247. 92 242. 23 382. 81 Total general waste Tonne 5, 386. 00 28, 912. 44 40, 200. 24 Grid electricity consumption across regions kWh 799, 627, 013. 44 848, 749, 516. 09 816, 797, 963. 40 Coal consumption Tonne 29, 534. 84 7502. 82 0. 00 Petroleum consumption Litre 13, 855. 00 15, 101. 86 11, 196. 38 Diesel consumption Litre 25, 332. 00 14, 894. 51 55, 124. 81 Purchased steam Tonne 779, 065. 81 880, 833. 12 859, 756. 92 Natural gas consumption10, 000 standard cubic meters5, 546. 14 6, 811. 11 7, 188. 65 Generation of solar power 10, 000 kWh 483. 16 466. 05 869. 75 Steam production from biomass energy Tonne 320, 200. 00 309, 541. 33 289, 575. 22Index Indicator Unit 2019 Data 2020 Data 2021 Data Combined energy consumptionTonnes of standard coal293, 368. 07 316, 061. 06 290, 017. 39 Total water consumption Tonne 28, 375, 521. 00 29, 093, 882. 70 28, 643, 224. 80 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 49, 575. 42 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 Water saved 10, 000 tonnes137. 40 (including 357, 000 tonnes of social water savings)201. 10 (including 468, 000 tonnes of social water savings)147. 94 (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate ( ) 7. 99 7. 63 9. 68 Packaging material usageInner packaging materials100 million packs 213. 00 255. 00 263. 00 External packaging materials100 million packs 39. 00 23. 00 23. 50 Others Tonne 17, 663. 35 14, 029. 66 12, 332. 50 Note on calculation methodology 1. For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula for sulphur dioxide emissions in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection PSO2 Q 0. 85 2 10 Where PSO2 is sulphur dioxide emissions (kg); Q is fuel consumption (tonne); is sulphur content of fuel ( ). Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T2589- 2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. Scope 1 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions directly generated by burning fuels in factories, such as self- owned boilers, vehicles, and the direct energy involved includes natural gas, diesel, gasoline, liquefied petroleum gas, coal, biogas, etc. Scope 2 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity and steam, which cover the carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide emissions involved in the actual production process of all Mengniu Group's normal temperature, low temperature, ice products, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese self- operated factories ( Mengniu production process does not involve the other three types of greenhouse gases in the Kyoto Protocol hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride). The measurement complies with the Guidelines for Accounting Treatment and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverage and Refined Tea Enterprises (Trial) (2015) of the PRC. The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction ProjectsEnvironmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination A2 Use of ResourcesBiodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China A4 Climate ChangeOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China B2 Health and SafetyAdministrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projectsthe Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of ChinaESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labour StandardsSpecial Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesUniversal Declaration of Human Rights International Conventions o Human Rights the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China B5 Supply Chain ManagementMaterial Quality Procurement Management System of Mengniu Dairy Supplier Code of Conduct (COC) Product Traceability Management System ESG Risk List of Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain Supplier Blacklist Management System Ranch Quality and Safety Management System Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Detailed Rules for Selection Review of Milk Suppliers Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti- Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Quality Safety Guarantee Statement Food Safety Commitmentthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) Mengniu Principles and Commitment for the Use of Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs the Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Advertising Review and Management System Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property RightsAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law the Administrative Measures for Food Recalls International Code of Marketing of Breast- milk Substitutes 113 114 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B6 Product ResponsibilityTrademark Management System Trade Secret Management System Dispute Management System Copyright Management System Overseas Intellectual Property Management System Brand Name Management System Administrative Measures for Food Recalls of Mengniu Group Review and Filing System on Slogan and Trademarks Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group Business Principles Customer Feedback Management System Clean Plate Punching Mini- Program Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sales Administration Measures for Breast- milk Substitutes in China the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods the Outline for the Healthy China 2030 Initiative B7 Anti- corruptionCompliance Management Provisions Integrity Compliance Manual Integrity Compliance Commitment Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti- Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community InvestmentRural Vitalization Programme of Mengniu Dairy Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund GovernanceMengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the Group Mengniu Group's Anti- Food Waste GuidelinesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China 115 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Reporting cycle The Report is released annually. Compilation Principles of the Report The Report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, as well as the latest version of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) sustainability accounting standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance and Asset Management & Custody Activities. Data of the Report The financial data in the report was extracted from Ping An 2021 Annual Report. Other data came from the internal systems of the Group or manual collection. Unless otherwise specified, the currency in the Report is RMB. Assurance of the Report The contents and data disclosed in the Report were approved by the Board of the Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China. Release Form of the Report The Reports in Chinese and English are released both in hardcopy and online. The online version can be accessed at www. cnAn ordinary day at Ping An goes like this. Ping An contributes RMB 280 million to tax revenue, processes insurance claims totaling RMB 560 million, and delivers services nearly 2. 52 million times daily. In a race against time, Ping An spent just 33 years walking through the nearly 200-year history of the Western insurance market. Staying true to Ping An s original mission, we will never forget why we started this journey no matter how far we go. Ping An s heartwarming services convey the idea that expertise makes life simple and technology makes city better. Ping An constantly updates our philosophy of serving clients by taking thorough consideration for insurance claims, and unconventionally launched the model of Product Services for clients. Targeting the goal of improvement in administrative efficiency, business promotion, and benefaction to citizens, we leverage technology to empower the smart city construction covering 20 sectors, such as public administration, healthcare, and transportation to enhance the sense of happiness and achievement in citizens. Ping An s heartwarming services have shown responsibility in supporting the Healthy China Initiative and elderly-oriented society building. Ping An s heartwarming services have presented its ambition in practicing CSR and sustainable development. Ping An has responded to the national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals of 2030 and 2060, and has started new exploration in greening the insurance, investment, credit, operation, and charity action. Ping An announced its commitment to allocate RMB 400 billion into green investment and loan as well as reaching an insured premium of RMB 250 billion in green insurance, striving towards an early completion of its carbon neutrality goals, contributing to a better world. Mingzhe MA Chairman of the Group (Excerpt from Striving for a New Journey in the Prime of Ping An published in People's Daily on May 25, 2021) Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 8 9 As of December 31, 2021 356, 000 employees and life insurance sales staff10, 142, 026Ping An had nearly RMB millionTotal assets of approximately Corporate Profile Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. ( Ping An, the Group or we ) was established in Shekou, Shenzhen in 1988. The Group was the first insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure in China. It has developed into one of the three major financial groups in China. The Group s shares are listed in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (Stock Code 2318) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code 601318). Ping An owns the most comprehensive range of financial licenses and the widest range of products and services with the most compacted shareholding structure among retail financial life services groups in China. The subsidiaries of Ping An include Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Health, Ping An Bank, Ping An Trust, Ping An Securities, Ping An Fund, and so on. In addition, Ping An also actively undertakes technological innovation, builds an Internet ecosystem, to promote better financial service, improve user experience, and provide medical and healthcare services. Ping An launched Low Carbon 100 Initiative entitled a green commitments campaign and established the employee volunteer association. Ping An launched the Rural Communities Support Program Building the closed loop with finance technology offering integrated financial assistance. It completed its corporate citizenship behavior modelling and first released its Corporate Citizenship Report. Ping An became the first asset owner signatory of Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in China. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 10 11 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 12 13 Annual Awards and Recognition In 2021, the brand value of Ping An continues to take the lead. Organizer(s) Award(s) 1 Ministry of Civil Affairs of China The 11th China Charity Award 2Provincial Committee of CPC Committee and the People's Government of Guangdong Advanced Group for Poverty Alleviation in Guangdong Province 3 Association of Charity Beijing Capital Charity Award 4 China Banking and Insurance NewsTop 10 Socially Responsible Institutes in the Year of 2020 5 CDP ChinaThe Best Climate Change Innovation Award 6 The Hong Kong Institute of Directors2021 Extraordinary Directors Award MA Mingzhe, Chairman of the Board Extraordinary Director Award in individual category Ping An Group Board of Directors Extraordinary Directors in board category 7The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed CompaniesHong Kong Corporate Governance Excellence Award 8 The AssetInsurance Company of the Year, ESG, China 9 Institutional Investor The Most Honored Company in Asia MSCI ESG Rating BBBleading performer among insurance companies in China Mainland Sustainalystics 19. 1 ESG risk rated 19. 1, representing low risk CDP Rating A- the highest level for a financial company in China Mainland S&P Sustainable DevelopmentListed in the Global Sustainability Yearbook 2021 FTSE4Good Index Series Listed Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability IndexAElected as the constituent of the HSCEI ESG Index and Hang Seng ESG 50 Index Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix 14 15 Annual Performance Review Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization 41. 85 in RMB billionNumber of volunteers from Ping An Employees and Agents 555 Thousand Number of Micro and Small Customers under OneConnect Financial Services 2, 480 ThousandNumber of Citizens served by Smart City Business 140 in RMB million Average score of supplier assessment (100-point scale) 71. 68 Points Number of Customers under Inclusive Financial Services 809. 1 Thousand Number of Companies served by Smart City Business 1. 74 Household in million Inclusive Finance Loan Balance 382. 16 in RMB billionGreen Credit Balance 72. 97 in RMB billion Responsible Investment and Financing 1. 22 in RMB trillion Sustainable Insurance Sum Insured 532. 06 in RMB trillionSustainable Insurance Premium 521. 79 in RMB billion Social Sustainable Insurance Responsible Investment Total assets 10, 142, 026 in RMB millionTotal income 1, 180, 444 in RMB million Operating profit 168, 479 in RMB millionCoverage rate of anti-corruption education 100 Number of anti-corruption trainings 3, 445 Times Coverage rate of information security training 100 Cumulative number of patent applications 38 Thousand Annual electricity consumption 616, 843, 295 KWhAnnual water consumption 5, 088, 733 Tons Total GHG emissions 428, 994. 85 tCO2eTotal solid waste 210, 773 Tons Total number of employees 356 ThousandTotal number of agents 613 Thousand Average hours of face-to-face and online training per employee 28. 54 Hours Total employee compensation 61, 209 in RMB million Total corporate annuity payments for the year 1in RMB billion Number of Employees benefited from Long-term Service Plan 89, 304 persons Employee Environmental Operating  18 19 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixPhilosophy of Sustainable Development Driven by sustainable development strategies, Ping An integrates ESG core concepts and standards into enterprise management in all respects, and builds a scientific and professional sustainable development management system that aligns with business practices. Digitalization is a crucial foundation in promoting social progress and enhancing productivity in the 21st century, enabling leap-forward progress in terms of human cognitive level and capability. Ping An actively creates bedrock for sustainable development with its digital technology capabilities. With its integrated financial advantages, Ping An makes full use of its role in green insurance, green investment, and green credit, fully supports green development, and contributes to the achievement of the national carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals. Expertise Makes Life Simple EnviromentEconomy governance SocietySustainable Development Model SuppliersFocused Topics StakeholdersCommunication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environmentRisk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Work-life balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operationCustomer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovationResponse to regulator s requirements Reception for regulator s visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interactionTelephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and WeChat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service plat- form 20 21 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixESG Management System ESG Policy Statements Ping An concluded its philosophy and approaches on sustainability over the years into its ESG policy statement system, covering 9 sustainable development core themes, and incorporated ESG requirements into operation management of the group, assuring relevant guidance is in place. By 2021, the ESG policy statements issued by Ping An are as follows (refer to Ping An Group Sustainable Development website for more details) Topics Ping An Group s ESG Policy Statements Responsible InvestmentPolicy Statement on Responsible Investment Policy Statement on Coal Related Business Sustainable Insurance Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance Information Security and AI GovernancePolicy Statement on Information Security Policy Statement on Privacy Protection Policy Statement on AI Ethics Governance Product Liability and Customer ProtectionPolicy Statement on Responsible Product Management Sustainable Supply Chain Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains Development and Security of Employee and AgentPolicy Statement uni00A0on Employee Rights Policy Statement uni00A0on Agent Welfare and Management Community and Environment InfluencePolicy Statement uni00A0on Biodiversity Policy Statement on Community Impact Corporate GovernanceBusiness Code of Conduct Employee Business Code of ConductSuppliersFocused Topics StakeholdersCommunication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environmentRisk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Work-life balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operationCustomer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovationResponse to regulator s requirements Reception for regulator s visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interactionTelephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and WeChat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service plat- form SuppliersFocused Topics StakeholdersCommunication and Engagement Channels Government and regulatory agencies Stockholders and investors Customers Employees Agents Community and environmentRisk and compliance management Response to national development strategies Industrial development promotion Market order maintenance Solid operating performance Corporate governance Risk and compliance management Climate change risk Health and demographic change risks Product and service innovation Career development Work-life balance Employee welfare guarantee Occupational health and safety Agent team growth and retention Industry cooperation and development Supply chain management Fair procurement Rural revitalization and common prosperity Social welfare Inclusive Medical Treatment Carbon neutrality Green operationCustomer service level Information security and privacy protection Consumer protection Product liability Education on nancial investment Technology innovationResponse to regulator s requirements Reception for regulator s visits Participation in government projects Visits and exchanges Corporate announcements, interim reports and annual reports Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Daily visits and communication investor relations column on o cial website Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce Administration system Internal information platform Agent training Agent meeting Procurement activities Supplier management system Supplier meeting Community public welfare activities Employee volunteering services Social media interactionTelephone, Internet, interview, etc. Customer visits Weibo and WeChat interaction Satisfaction survey Customer consulting service plat- form Identification of Core Topics Since 2019, Ping An has conducted material topics analysis based on international and domestic standards, macro policies, industrial practices, and business diversification. Nine core topics were ultimately identified. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixPing An s overall ESG work plan is aimed at continuously improving the management of ESG issues and risks by developing clear management objectives, responsibilities and appraisal mechanisms. Regular reporting to directors and senior executives on ESG risk management, objectives, plans, implementation and progress ensures the effectiveness of ESG management. ESG Ecosystem Co-building and Recognitions Ping An is dedicated to strengthening peer exchange and practicing sustainable development strategies together with domestic and global sustainable development initiatives to jointly build a sustainable ecosystem. Ping An was the first company in mainland China to sign up for the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI). It also serves as a council member of Green Finance Professional Committee of China Society for Finance and Banking (GFC). In July 2021, Ping An joined the Carbon Neutral Action Alliance, an initiative of the Shanghai Environmental and Energy Exchange, effectively supporting the development of clean technologies, clean energy, carbon capture, ecological carbon sinks, and carbon trading. Furthermore, through the dual engines of Finance Technology, Ping An enhances the intelligent application of ESG in diverse financial scenarios, and enables finance to empower environmental and social development through technology. Ping An s practices and achievements in sustainable development have been widely recognized by the international community. As of the end of 2021, in terms of indexes, Ping An was included as a constituent stock by the FTSE Russell Sustainability Index (FTSE4Good), the Hang Seng Sustainability Index Corporate Benchmark Index, and the Hang Seng China Index ESG Index. Its MSCI ESG rating is BBB, which is at the leading level in the domestic insurance industry. Level 1 The Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board of Directors oversees all ESG issues. Level 2 The Investor Relations and ESG Committee under the Group Executive Committee is responsible for identifying relevant ESG risks and opportunities, setting concrete objectives, formulating plans, and appraising performance. Level 4 The matrix consisting of the Group's functional units and subsidiaries are responsible for ESG implementation. ESG Governance Structure of Ping An Group Board of Dir ectors Group Ex ecutive Committ ee L4L3L2L1 Group ESG O ceInvestor Relations CommitteeStrategy and Investment Committee ESG Taskforece (CSR IR PR Group Functional Representatives) Group Functional Units Insur ance Investment Banking TechnologyPing An Gr oup Ex ecution MatrixExecution MatrixBranding &PRBoard O ceHR Finance PlanningAsset ManagementInernal Cont rolothers ProcurementMember CompaniesESG Oversight Strategic Planning Risk Management Policy Making Identi cation of ESG Risks and Opportunities Planning Goal Setting Performance Assessment Execution Coordinating ESG work within and outside the GroupFTSE4Good Index RatingSustainalytics ESG Risk Rating Low Risk HSCASUSB HSCEIESG and HSESG50MSCI ESG Rating BBBCDP A- Ping An was selected as the constituent of indexes as above. Ping An performed well at the ratings above 24 25 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix ESG Comprehensive Risk Management Mechanism The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making authority for the Group s risk management, and takes responsibility for the effectiveness of corporate risk management. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors has a thorough understanding of major risks and the Group s management of these risks, monitors the effectiveness of the risk management framework, and reviews matters with material risks to provide comments and recommendations to the Board of Directors. The ESG risk control requirements are covered in the existing comprehensive financial risk management system, further improving the Group s risk governance capability and contributing to its sustainable development. ESG Organization and Mamagement Dual Control of the Group and member companiesThe Group Member companies5 Five Major Risk Categories Integrated with ESG Risks Risks in asset quality Risks in liquidity Risks in information security Risks in compliance Risks in brand reputation 1 Centralized ESG Collaborative Control The ESG management system The AI-ESG management platform2 5 1Dual ESG Management of the Group and Subsidiaries At the Group level, a group ESG office has been established. At the subsidiary level, a matrix of ESG implementation practices has been identified. Ping An has integrated ESG risks with the Group s investment risk management system and the management of all investment business units, combining risk judgment, product design, statistics, and reporting with the Group s asset portfolio. On this basis, Ping An has launched a series top-down actions at the Group level to supplement and strengthen the control of ESG risks. Establishment of a Unified ESG Management System and Tools To standardize the risk management of the Group s ESG assets, Ping An has established an internal unified ESG assessment standard CN-ESG Assessment System. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixAsset Quality Risks Risk Management For Full Process Classi cation Assets DebtEquity Credit PE M&AEstablish a responsible investment strategy and allocate assets accordingly De ne ve major responsible investment principle Develop a responsible investment manual for professional subsidiarie Conduct analysis nad management of climate change risk and release TCFD report Pre-investment loan risk contro Ongoing testing of post-investment loan management Regular statistics and disclosure Identified ESG Risk Categories Ping An closely follows new types of risks in climate change, social change, and policy transformation, and systematically identifies ESG risks. Ping An has effectively controlled and mitigated the impact of ESG risks on the business by formulating ESG risk management measures to effectively control and avoid risks. At present, among the Risk Factors identified by Ping An, the main social risks are social demographic change, aging population, high rate diseases, urbanization, etc. Climate change risks mainly include climate disasters, climate change, emerging low-carbon technologies, raising environmental (carbon emissions) standard, carbon emission policies (carbon taxes, carbon trading, etc.), regulatory mandatory information disclosure requirements, etc. Ping An conducts continuous management monitoring of identified important ESG risks and the 251 risk management system. Business ESG Risk Management System Investment Risk Management Mechanism Ping An gradually integrates ESG risk with the group s investment risk management system, and makes a secondary subdivision of risk categories from the two major categories - climate change and social risk. In addition, Ping An sets corresponding risk standards, and conducts risk judgment in combination with Ping An s asset portfolios. The Group ESG office, along with relevant functional departments, jointly established a responsible investment expert group, aiming to promote the Group s responsible investment policy. Ping An s equity, bond, credit and project assets are subject to a full process - advance, intermediate and afterwards - risk control tailored to their respective characteristics. Flow Chart of the Risk Management Mechanism in the Advance, Intermediate and Subsequent ProcessPing An s 251 Risk Management System and Climate Change Risks Risk Asset Quality RiskRelevant Climatic Factor Possible Scenario Physical risks (decrease in productivity of relevant industries and increase in premium expenditure due to changes in weather and climate conditions) Transition risks (technological innovation rules out the original technologies, and the introduction of carbon prices increases the production costs) Physical risks (extreme weather events) Transition risks (market preference for carbon-intensive assets declines, and policy control is tightened) Corporate revenue is a ected, and there is a problem or even a default in loan repayment Liquidity RiskThe market sells carbon-intensive assets in large quantities, and the amount of compensation for extreme weather events increases Physical risks (extreme weather events) Transition risks (tightened policy control) Transition risks (tightened policy control and market investors' preference) Information Security Risk Compliance Operational Risk Brand Reputation RiskExtreme weather events a ect production activities and data infrastructure Client's environmental compli- ance risk and joint and several liability Corporate image and social responsibility 28 29 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixInsurance Risk Management Mechanism Ping An continuously studies and monitors the risks of global climate changes (rising temperature, extreme climate disasters, etc.) and those of social changes (social demographic change, population aging, high rate diseases, etc.). Ping An integrates technological innovation into risk control, uses innovative technology to establish a risk management system, and comprehensively manages the risks caused by ESG issues. It manages insurance risks via corresponding mechanisms and procedures, and controls ESG risks of insurance products. In addition, Ping An has adopted special measures to control ESG risks of insurance products. Through the analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities, Ping An constantly navigates its business development strategies and resource allocation under the strategies of sustainable insurance (refer to Sustainable Insurance Section for more details), responsible investment (refer to Responsible Investment Section for more details), green finance, and near-zero emission (refer to Green Finance Section for more details) to cope with various risks emerging from climate change. It seizes opportunities of low-carbon development and transition to realize its own green development, promote the transition towards a low- carbon economy and society, and contribute to the national emission peak and carbon neutrality goals. Climate Risk Identification and Management Ping An integrates climate change into its 251 risk management system, and identifies the materiality of climate-related physical and transition risks in its business lines on different time scales. Furthermore, Ping An matched the financial risks with climate change to the five categories of risks covered by the Group s 251 risk management system (refer to the ESG Risk Identification and Management for more details). Climate Strategic Goals In combination with the existing strategies of sustainable development, responsible investment, and green finance strategy, Ping An will improve a near-zero emission strategy. Flow chart of risk management and control mechanism for the whole process of insurance Product developmentRisk prevention, underwriting, and claims1 2Product management3Reinsur ance4 Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance conducts ESG risk review for new insurance products and sets reasonable prices to control insurance risks. In terms of pollution prevention, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance o ers liability insurance on ecological damage and progressive pollution, in addition to the rst-ever environmental liability insurance in China. It joined hands with organizations such as Tsinghua University to develop cloud service platforms focusing on environmental liability insurance and risk control. Its functions include environment pollution sensitivity mapping, professional information, risk control toolkit, and risk assessment models across 18 sectors. It can o er risk management of the whole process to clients, reinforce the risk monitoring and early warning management, and improve environmental risk governance. For relevant insurance products with directly or indirectly identi ed ESG risks, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance will strengthen product management, monitor, analyze, regularly review and report the current insurance risk pro le in a timely manner. For innovative products without empirical data, it also actively follows the trend to prevents excessive risk exposure, and communicates with its peer, particularly reinsurance companies, to obtain more analytical data. Reinsurance is an important means for risk control of the Company and a signi cant part of the business strategy, playing an irreplaceable role in risk transfer, steady operation, technology improvement, and underwriting capacity expansion. It facilitates steady operation and sustainability of the Company. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance has developed a reinsurance management system and made reasonable arrangements for catastrophe reinsurance, ensuring smooth performance of reinsurance functions. It transfers and controls ESG risks by means of reinsurance contracts. Green Finance Goals In 2021, Ping An fully upgraded its action in green finance, announced its five-year business goals, and committed to achieving carbon neutrality in operation by 2030 400Strive to achieve green investment green credit the overall targets of250in RMB billion in RMB billionThe total amount of green premium carbon neutrality Strives to achieve 2030 2025in operationsManagement To achieve the newest green finance strategy and goals, Ping An Group has established the Group Green Finance Committee to develop and review the green finance strategies, plans, and policies. Paths Green Investment ( Green Investment and Financing ) Ping An will increase investment in green assets and encourage innovation in the forms and fields of green financial products (e. g. carbon finance, etc.). At the same time, Ping An will closely follow relevant laws, regulations, and guiding opinions on carbon neutrality from the national government and regulators under the 14th Five-Year Plan, put forward detailed risk analysis and investment plans for industries with high pollution and high carbon emissions, and develop divestment or exit plans as soon as possible. Life insurance, pension, and health insurance subsidiaries should also be actively developed and green personal insurance products or services for corporate or individual clients be promoted. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Asset-Liability Management with Reference to Climate-related Risks Under the coordination of Group, the asset risk management and actuarial departments of all units will conduct climate risk testing and take management measures on asset and liability. in RMB billionPing An s green investment and financing totalled 89. 81 in RMB billionThe total scale of green banking reached 44. 57 in RMB millionPing An s environmental insurance premium reached Integrated financial service empowering construction of Crane Beach Hydropower Station As a major program of West-to-East Power Transmission Project, the Crane Beach Hydropower Station is a critical part of the Clean Energy Corridor of the Yangtze River, with a total installed capacity of 16 million kilowatts. The power generated by Crane Beach Hydropower Station per day can fulfill the electricity consumption of 500, 000 people per year after the station is put into production. On March 25, 2021, Ping An Bank issued another carbon neutrality bond of RMB 3 billion, and directly invested RMB 1. 5 billion to help realize the goal of putting the first batch of units into operation and start to generate electricity by July 1, contributing to the national carbon neutrality goal. Since 2016, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance, as the chief underwriter, has underwritten all the risks for the right bank construction of the principal project, with an insurance coverage of RMB 6. 12 billion and an underwriting share of 70, providing natural disaster and accident insurance protection for the principal project of the Crane Beach Hydropower Station. Case Green Credit Card Ping An Bank became the first bank in China to provide green bank accounts that covers all types of cards On the basis of UnionPay s existing low-carbon card product system, Ping An has expanded the partnership to Ping An Bank s full-card customer account level to create a full range of green and low- carbon accounts for customers. Green low-carbon accounts contain the functions of public welfare and innovation, such as green energy, green rights, and medal walls, which advocates for a simple, moderate, green, and low-carbon lifestyle through the green energy system. These accounts can also accumulate personal carbon reduction for credit card customers, laying the foundation for the personal carbon trading opportunities in the future. Integrated financial service empowering green development 36 37 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Case Ping An Real Estate issued the first overseas green bond and syndicated loan of the group Ping An Real Estate successfully issued a USD 600 million unsecured senior overseas bond in July 2021 bi-year senior unsecured bond overseas in July 2021. This is Ping An Group s first overseas green bond, and the funds raised are used to refinance the eligible green projects. The transaction was strongly supported by international green bond investors and included in the Bloomberg Barclays MSCI Green Bond Index. The green bond was also successfully certified by Sustainalytics and the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency, and was subsidized by the Green and Sustainable Finance Grant Scheme (GSF Grant Scheme) launched by Hong Kong goverment. In addition, Ping An Real Estate successfully co-launched an overseas green syndicate loan of USD 400 million in December 2021, which is also the first overseas green syndicated loan of Ping An Group. The loan funds will be used for the refinancing of green projects and fully demonstrated the role of green credit. Ping An Puhui s Auto e-Loan supports green commuting of car owners In April 2021, Ping An Puhui carried out a comprehensive product upgrade of its small and micro business loan product Auto e-Loan. This upgrade strategically incorporated renewable energy vehicles and made Auto e-Loan Ping An Puhui s first carbon neutrality -based small and micro loan. Through granting the credit to both owner and vehicle, it has broken the restriction on the vehicle valuation with a limited quota and solved the financing difficulties of renewable energy vehicle owners. Moreover, by adding a green finance dimension to its product design, Ping An actively explores green inclusive finance and promotes the realization of the carbon neutrality goal. Green Investment Green Credit Green Insurance Shenzhen's compulsory environmental pollution liability insurance helps corporates to improve the environmental risk prevention and control capabilities. On July 28, 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance underwrote the first batch of compulsory environmental pollution liability insurance based on the pricing of insured amount on pollution data. In addition, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance of China Shenzhen Branch strengthened environmental risk prevention and control services, effectively implementing the new model of service insurance and enhancing the environmental risk prevention and control capabilities of enterprises. Case As of December 31, 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance of China provided environmental pollution liability risk protection of about RMB 10 billion to nearly 2, 000 medium- and large-scale enterprises. Corporate clients can complete the customized premium calculation, insurance company selection, program review, and policy inquiry at the platform. Meanwhile, clients can enjoy other services such as receiving the online alert from monitoring devices. Through the platform, insurance companies can complete insurance data accounting, risk analysis, and management of insured units. Regulatory authorities can achieve intelligent supervision through the platform, get to know situation of the ongoing enterprise insurance and renewal in real time, and promote relevant penalty and incentive policies accordingly. Before the smart service platform was launched, there was a lack of environmental risks management service when insurance purchased. But now, by utilizing the platform, each applicant can reduce its costs in environmental management more than RMB 20, 000. 38 39 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Development Achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2030 Ping An strictly abides by laws and regulations, including the Environmental Protection Law of the People s Republic of China. From 2021 onwards, Ping An Group has deepened its work in green operations, built upon its past achievements and upgraded its goals. At present, Ping An is following the international frameworks including Science Based Target (SBTi) to explore its path to achieve carbon neutrality in operations by 2030. After implementing feasible internal and external emission reduction plans, Ping An will seek out other solutions, such as purchasing carbon sink, to eventually achieve carbon neutrality. Ping An Group s Operating Carbon Emissions Distribution Chart (Original Figure)Screening and Gradually Withdrawing from Brown Assets While continuously expanding its investment in green assets, Ping An will screen the size of the Group s brown assets and its generated carbon emissions, and plan to gradually reduce or withdraw from the investment in coal mining and thermal power plant projects. To this end, Ping An issued the latest Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Coal Business. Ping An Bank has tightened eligibility criteria for coal-related industries, such as thermal coal, coal-burning power generation, and steel by adopting more stringent conditions on installed capacity, coal consumption per unit of electricity, local restrictions etc. List-based management and rigorous quota management are also introduced. Through routine monitoring and one-on-one account approval, Ping An Bank urges its operating units to provide prioritized support for quality clients while phasing out risky clients with non-compliant production and lagging performance in environmental protection. Ping An Bank introduced green-oriented content into risk policies targeting carbon- intensive industries in order to maintain high quality clients and to contribute to carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Credit Granting of Four Largest Carbon-Intensive Industries at Ping An Bank at the end of 2021 (in RMB billion) IndustryCredit balanceTotal credit grantedExposure balance Coal Power 6. 505 6. 967 5. 700 Cement 2. 767 2. 823 2. 241 Steel 69. 156 69. 808 38. 316 Thermal Coal 31. 665 32. 613 23. 747Emission (tons) percentage( ) Scope I 6, 121. 76 1. 427 Natural gas 6, 106. 51 1. 423 Diesel fuel 15. 25 0. 004 Scope II 376, 336. 09 87. 725 Workplace electricity consumption313, 558. 99 73. 091 Data center electricity consumption62, 777. 10 14. 634 Scope III 46, 537 10. 848 Employee travel 46, 537 10. 848 Total 428, 994. 85 40 41 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Coal Related Business Ping An Group has taken strict control measures for the industries with high pollution, high energy consumption, and overcapacity. Ping An prudently provides companies in those sectors with loan, investment, and insurance products and services, and regularly reviews the impact of their asset portfolio on climate change. In response to China s strategic goals to peak carbon emissions and reach carbon neutrality, Ping An is committed to achieving carbon neutrality of its asset portfolios by 2060. Under this goal, it is necessary for Ping An to focus on limiting coal mining projects with low efficiency and high emission and coal-burning power projects. In principle, it is expected that Ping An will divest all unlisted projects such as direct equity or debt by the end of 2035 (except for projects achieved net-zero emissions). Proactive engagement and communication communicate with key carbon emission clients to make it clear that financial support needs to be linked to their transition path and goals. These companies will be asked to develop transition plans, such as the goal to decrease carbon intensity at a rate of no less than a certain percentage per year (the extent of control at different time stages is determined by the interval reduction rate in the carbon emission roadmap). At the same time, Ping An will support their transition financing through green bonds, green loans, as well as green asset securitization, and track their implementation over time. In conjunction with the Group s business layout, it has already carried out a series of activities based on carbon neutrality, including public welfare, digital village, and smart city management. On the basis of agricultural and renewable energy vehicle insurances, Ping An further developed insurance products and services, including corporate engineering insurance, carbon insurance, and premium service of risk management, and launched diverse profit concession plans that encompasses green enterprises, green projects, and non-green enterprises. Case Ping An Carbon Neutrality Green Finance Development Charitable Trust Coordinated by the Group, Ping An Trust, Ping An Puhui, and Ping An Leasing jointly established the first carbon neutral charitable trust in China. The charitable trust aims to promote the development of ecological civilization around the goal of carbon neutrality, including but not limited to funding, supporting, and promoting outstanding low-carbon projects; organizing relevant public welfare activities for green finance; and providing clean energy subsidies to the disadvantaged group in the form of funds and goods. After calculation and internal evaluation, Ping An Group's investment financial assets have a greater exposure to the transformation of the brown industry than the secured loan business, so the policy that declares withdrawal from the coal industry in 2035 is only applicable to investment at the beginning. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix CaseAccelerating Green Technologies to Empower Carbon Neutrality Ping An accelerates the R&D and application of green technology to empower the Group s carbon neutrality strategy, and identifies the new opportunities in the green market in striving towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Adhere to the technology-led strategy and build a climate risk response management platform Taking advantage of technology, Ping An Property and Casualty has formed a laboratory and research team on natural disaster. It enables sound risk assessment and management to help property owners protect their belongings and reduce their financial losses. It consolidates knowledge in geography, disaster science, meteorology, and insurance, embedding over 1. 4 billion data points on national disasters, internal underwriting and claim records. It facilitates risk analysis of natural disasters, extreme wind and precipitation and environmental pollution at any location across the country. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance continuously improves the data availability, establishes the spatial-temporal data set on natural disaster, meteorology, geography data, remote sensing, and socio-economic data, and gather experts in natural science and finance fields to form a professional natural disaster team. Case World-leading computation mode used in Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance s Natural Disaster LaboratoryPOI Data Meteorological data Remote Sensing Data Damage Data Business Data Landform Data Building Data Geog raph- ical Infor- mation Traject ory Data Economic Data Spatial v ector compu- tation Image pr ocessing and recognition Flow data pr ocessin g Historical data aggr e- gation Meteorological data computation Abundanc e of multi-dimen - sional data from multiple sourcesHigh-perfor - manc e par al- lel-computing enginescienti c calculation framework and tempor al-spatial data engin e Postgr eSQL Risk Identi catio nForecast and Wa rningRisk PricingProduct DevelopmentDamage PreventionCatastr ophe Simulatio n Natur al Disast er Risk Platform Hydrological ModelRegional PatternIn SA R CalculationCatastr ophe ModelData AssimilationTyphoon ModelObject RecognitionGrid Modeling Scienti c Calculation Model smoothly -coupled scienti c models, open sour ce and ex tensible, parallel structur e, e xible deplo yment of micr oservice s Technical Structure of the Natural Disaster Risk Platform 44 45 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixFocusing on Rural Revitalization, Boosting Common Prosperity Overview of Achievements Ping An Rural Communities Support Program In 2021, after China won a complete victory in poverty alleviation, Ping An, in accordance with the requirements of the national poverty alleviation policy to remove poverty hat without shedding responsibility, policy, and support to the rural areas, further promoted Rural Communities Support Program through the revitalization of industries, healthcare, and education so as to consolidate the existing achievements and contribute to the combination of poverty alleviation and rural revitalization. Mobile physical examination and free clinic activities were carried out in rural areas Volunteers enlisted9, 483 person-times Over 20, 000 hoursHealth public welfare services covered Total hours investedHealth revitalization Health revitalization12. 016 in RMB billion 41. 85 in RMB billionIndustrial revitalization assistance funds were providedThe cumulative amount of poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization assistance funds was Industrial revitalization As of December 20216Live lectures of scene masters were carried out for urban and rural schools 630 million peopleLive lectures covering more than Education revitalization Ping An Puhui s Huinongjin supports rural women to get rid of poverty Village Officer Program Creating a Closed Loop of Supporting Integrated Finance As an integrated financial group, Ping An continues to consolidate the long-term industrial full-cycle mechanism and underpin a closed loop of supporting integrated finance. Under the mechanism, Ping An provides rural residents with training and education, brings new vigor to rural industries, and helps rural enterprises to expand production and sales. In addition, Ping An promotes innovative financial products and empowers rural development through inclusive insurance and favorable loan. These actions not only helped increase the income of rural minority group, but also realized subtilized assistance and rural revitalization. Hand-knitting articles from Mom s Needlework projects were displayed and auctioned at Ping An s Charity Auction Night 46 47 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Financial products supporting rural development Ping An promotes financial product innovation, and helps rural development with diversified financial services. Ping An has issued rural revitalization loans to 6 provinces and cities, including the Yunnan and Zhejiang provinces. The loans assisted local companies in improving the electrical environment of local rural residents and meeting the demands of local industrial development and ecological environmental protection. Ping An underwrote rural revitalization bonds, and jointly issued the first rural revitalization debit card with China UnionPay to make safer, more convenient, and more efficient financial services benefit the majority of rural residents. The plan enlarges the financing channel, solves the funding issues, and accelerates the integration of the work of provincial water. In 2021, Ping An has issued over 20, 000 rural revitalization debit cards and approved about RMB 6. 47 billion in rural revitalization bonds, including RMB 4. 07 billion in rural revitalization government bonds and RMB 2. 4 billion in corporate. Liangshan County ethnic Yi group customers apply for rural revitalization debit cards Ping An has issued rural revitalization debit cards over20 thousands Rural revitalization bonds RMB6. 47 billion Rural Civilization 100 Initiative In 2021, Ping An kicked off the Rural Civilization 100 initiative to promote rural revitalization strategy. Ping An also upgraded the policy of revitalization insurance, and leveraged RMB 618 million in industrial fund to enable a total revenue increase of RMB 420 million for 140, 000 rural residents. The first Rural Civilization 100 Action event landed in Yudu, Jiangxi 48 49 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixVillage Doctor Program Continuous Efforts on Building Healthy Village In 2021, Ping An gathered superior medical resources to promote the Ping An Health Protection Initiative, sending mobile vehicles to Jiangxi, Hubei, Guangdong, Shaanxi, Guizhou, Shandong provinces to offer free physical checkup and diagnostic services. The initiative also provided rural doctor training, and helped upgrade rural clinics. Ping An, together with the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and the China Financial Information Center, jointly released the Rural Health Poverty Alleviation Report for 2018- 2020, which systematically reported the physical characteristics and risks of Consumption Driving Industry Development Ping An spared no effort in building the brand of Cloud Farm and developing a tourism, procurement, and marketing model to drive rural industry towards an energy-saving and highly value-added model transformation which enriches the livelihood for rural residents. Customers of Beautiful countryside, Ping An orange journey culture-oriented trip Ping An Health Protection Initiative offered free physical checkup in Zunyi Ping An Health Protection Initiative offered free physical checkup in Weihaiillness of rural residents. Purchasing agricultural products for RMB 110 millions 50 51 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Ping An Project Hope Primary School and Rural Teaching Actions In 2021, Ping An recruited about 175 batches of 875 volunteers, and introduced them to 127 Project Hope Primary Schools through online and offline volunteer teaching. The volunteer teaching duration has exceeded 20, 000 hours, and by the end of December 2021, Ping An had funded 119 Ping An Project Hope Primary Schools (with 3 schools yet to be completed) and recruited nearly 10, 000 volunteer teachers that served approximately 370, 000 hours. Village Teacher Program Bridging the Urban-Rural Gap in Technology Education Ping An utilized the online education platform to provide high-quality online courses in rural areas. At the same time, Ping An retained the supporting measures for Project Hope, using the platform to establish connections with local institutions and rural schools and offer a set of supporting measures in terms of hardware, software, teachers, and students for future development of the next generation in rural areas. Ping An invited renowned scholars to deliver lessons in rural areas, and invited students from Ping An Smart Primary School to a popular science camp in Beijing, where they talked with academicians face to face. Through these efforts, Ping An contributed to the national strategy of invigorating the countryside through science and technology. In 2021, the Master of Scenarios livestreamed courses on topics of technology had a viewership of over 63 million. Up to now, the program has been implemented in 1, 039 rural schools throughout 30 provinces and cities, benefiting more than 10, 000 rural teachers and 310, 000 rural students. the Master of Scenarios livestreamed courses on topics of technology had a viewership of over 63 million Ping An Inspiration Program In 2021, Ping An launched the Ping An Inspiration Program for first-class college students, and organized business competition in combination with business-related issues such as corporate finance, medical care, and technology to encourage college students to fully display their talents and deliver inspiring and heartwarming solutions towards the national and social development of the new era. Ever since the Inspiration Program s launch in 2003, nearly RMB 20 million in scholarships funded over 5, 900 university students to support and encourage them to focus academic research, apply what they have learned, serve the country, as well as the society Teaching Volunteers Program of Ping An in 2021 Ping An furthered the Juvenile Science and Technology Literacy Enhancement Program to invite rural students to a field trip in the science and technology companies. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Bring Love Home Project Ping An initiated the Bring Love Home Project for the left-behind children and migrant workers in urban areas. The events has attracted many heartwarming stories from 1, 800 migrant workers, and distributed RMB 1, 500 to each worker in needs of funding based on document review. The Program identified 180 primary and secondary schools as pilot schools, and gave a donation of RMB 10 million to carry out activities related to children s fundamental growth, coordination and caring, sound personality cultivation, psychological health and rehabilitation, etc. Natural Disasters Relief Ping An committed to its responsibilities with its expertise in insurance and responded to disaster relief in time. Ping An Property&Casualty Insurance executed indiscriminate rescue and provided relief workers with free special insurance packages. The company also issued catastrophe insurance for Guangdong, Hubei, Xiamen, Ningbo and Taizhou Provinces to facilitate the government s work on post-disaster reconstruction and fund distribution through measures of quick claims and exempt from examination. Reunion with Love - Warming with care, 2021 Spring Warming Gift Giving Event Held in Shenzhen Caring children's and juvenile's mental health, Ping An's welfare events for juvenile started in Shenzhen, with Shenzhen, Guangdong Province and Linyi, Shandong Province included in the first batch pilot cities  56 57 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixTransparent Corporate Governance Ensure Sound Operation 2. 38 yuanThe annual dividend per share10, 142, 026 millionPing An's total assets 168, 479 millionOperating profit 101, 618 millionNet profit attributable to the parent 5. 77 yuanThe basic earnings per share In 2021, Ping An s total assets were approximately RMB 10, 142, 026 million. Its operating profits recorded RMB 168, 479 million. Net profits attributable to the parent company reached RMB 101, 618 billion. Forbes Global 2000 list Ranked 6th Improve Corporate Governance Ping An strictly follows applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the People s Republic of China and the Securities Law of the People s Republic of China, and carries out corporate governance according to the Group s actual conditions. After 30 years of practice, Ping An has formed a clear board positioning, a professional board composition, a standardized operating process, and a board culture focused on value creation, ensuring the Group s long-term, stable and rapid development. Its information disclosure fully complies with the standards of authenticity, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and fairness, and has been well received by the market and investors. In addition, by establishing an efficient investor relationship management mechanism, it protects the interests of shareholders, formulates a reasonable dividend policy, and takes into account the interests of independent minority shareholders. Furthermore, it also uses multi-channel communication methods and platforms to maintain good communication with investors and shareholders. In 2021, the Group further increased dividend payout. Dividend per share registered a year-on-year growth of 8. 2. At the same time, it started a new round of share repurchase. In 2021, its dividend per share increased 8. 2 58 59 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Salary and Incentive Mechanism The purpose of Ping An s salary policy is to attract, retain, and motivate talent and to support the realization of the Group s operation objectives. The Group s employee compensation package consists of basic compensation, performance-based payment, welfare allowances, and subsidies. Among them, the basic compensation is according to the position value, market benchmark, etc. The performance-based payment is linked to the Group s overall operation outcome, individual performance review, etc. Welfare allowances and subsidies are distributed with reference to the relevant national regulations and industry standards. Specific structure and strategy of salary package will be adjusted and optimized according to the market and the Group s development. Participated in Key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan 89, 304 Employees Deferred payment and recourse mechanism The performance-based payment for senior executives and key personnel is implemented via a deferred payment system in strict compliance with regulatory requirements. In order to leverage the motivation of performance- based payment in daily operation and management and to ensure that salary incentive matches risk-adjusted performance, Ping An has established salary recourse mechanism for senior executives and key personnel, which helps preventing aggressive business conducts and violation of laws and regulations, and promotes prudent operation and sustainable development. Key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan Since the key employee stock ownership plan and long term service plan took effect, the Group has been operating steadily with shareholders, with the Group and its employees sharing collective interests and risks. These plans strongly guarantee further improvement in the Group s governance structure, establish better long-term incentives and restrictions, and promote long, sustainable, and healthy development. The participants in the two plans include directors, employee representative supervisors, and senior managers of the Group and its subsidiaries. Tax Policy Ping An rigorously follows the requirements of laws and regulations involved in its business, cooperates with the government to implement tax policies, standardizes the performance of tax liability, discloses tax information by law, and forbids tax fraud and tax evasion. Antitrust and Fair Competition Ping An follows antitrust laws and regulations, strictly reviews all M&A transactions, and discloses information according to standards. Strict regulation on charitable donations and sponsorship ensures that fair business competition will not be threatened by relevant donations and supportive actions. Ping An reviews the legality and compliance of M&A and other commercial transactions by just and fair assessment. cn Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorism Financing and Sanctions Compliance Ping An strictly follows the laws and regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, and sanctions compliance, improves internal control system and working mechanism, and strengthens control procedures and measures. Ping An also strengthens data governance, information system construction, and training promotion, and sets up anti-money laundering internal review and audit, performance appraisal, and reward and punishment mechanisms. By developing an intelligent anti-money laundering platform, Ping An improves its overall risk control capability. It forbids the differential treatment of employees and the recruit child labor and forced labor. Ping An ensures protection of supplier employees rights and benefits through the Procurement Supplier Mangament Procedure and other systems. Ping An follows the principles of openness, impartiality, fairness, and efficiency in the procurement process, including tender opening, evaluation, and complaint handling. It welcomes supervision from suppliers and customers. Petition and Whistle-blowing Management Ping An has developed the Whistle-blowing Management Procedure, and appointed the Group Inspection and Discipline Office as the respondent entity. The department also coordinates investigation work with other departments, and promote the effective and reasonable conduct of petition work. Additionally, the petition and whistleblowing management requires the special protection and confidentiality of petitioners, and protects the legitimate interests of the petitioners in case of retaliation. Employee Business Code of Conduct Adhering to the principle of Regulation 1 to ensure compliance and robust operation, Ping An clearly put forward the programmatic code of conduct Five Norms and Prohibitive Norms for the Group s employees, emphasizing the requirements of Compliance Line and Red Line of Conduct to prevent all kinds of violations, disciplinary risks, or cases. Intellectual Property Protection Ping An emphasizes intellectual property protection to ensure that technological innovation can be effectively and efficiently translated into practical application value. In case of any intellectual property disputes, Ping An will immediately start investigation and make sure it and others intellectual property rights are under protection and respected. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixResponsible Investing Ping An believes that responsible investment is not a philanthropic action but a value investment that helps effectively avoid risks and contribute to long-term stable returns. Ping An hopes that every investment decision can create positive environmental and social impact. Responsible Investment Policy In 2021, Ping An newly revised the Ping An Group s Policy Statemetn on Responsible Investment, which identifies the scope of application of responsible investment and further explains its responsible investment strategy. Ping An also issued the Ping An s Policy Statement on Coal Business, which emphasizes strict measures to control investment in the industries with high pollution and emissions on a policy level. The five principles concerning Ping An s responsible investment include ESG incorporation, active shareholder, thematic investing, prudence, and transparency. Ping An incorporates ESG factors into the investment decision making, and proactively developed the CN-ESG smart evaluation system, which can serve as the evaluation criteria and basis of investment for listed companies, bond issuers, and ESG due diligence of projects. Ping An makes full use of shareholders positive influence by way of ESG communication and guidance and responsible post-investment management, urges the investees to improve their ESG performance, and offers practicable suggestions based on their conditions so as to guide their further development in a healthy manner. Ping An promises that it will not invest in controversial industries and regions. Ping An also adopts conditional exclusion strategies on serious polluting and energy-consuming projects. It also concentrates on investment tactics that may generate additional social benefits, such as poverty alleviation and inclusive finance. By implementing the principle of active shareholders, monitoring portfolio investees, and recognizing the risks and opportunities investees face in the journey of long-term value creation strategy, Ping An actively engages with investees and leads them towards healthy development. Ping An conducts stewardship among the Group s important strategic investees and companies highly relevant to the Group s ESG strategy. In the post-investment processes, Ping An follows the five ESG principles and insists that management and investment shall align with the interest of clients and beneficiaries in every investment activity. The Group incorporates ESG issues into investment decision, and monitors and manages investees ESG performance based on investment strategy and industrial attributes. In addition, Ping An works with peer companies to promote ESG investment in China, and discloses stewardship and management outcome in a timely manner. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Statistics on Responsible Investment, Financing and Banking Services Under the guidance of responsible investment principles, Ping An has made full use of the AI-ESG platform to integrate ESG risks with the Group s investment risk management system. Green assets are evaluated with specific reference to the types of projects, such as green financing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Social assets include infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, etc. Inclusive assets include supporting small business, San Nong (agriculture, rural areas and rural residents), rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. As of December 2021, the scale of Ping An s responsible investment and financing has reached nearly RMB 1. 22 trillion, of which Ping An s green investment and financing is recorded nearly RMB 224. 580 billion. Inclusive investment and financing hit nearly RMB 68. 467 billion, and social investment and financing stood at nearly RMB 926. 860 billion. The scale of responsible banking was nearly RMB 491. 384 billion, of which the green credit balance reached RMB 72. 974 billion and inclusive loan balance at RMB 382. 159 billion. As of December 31, 2021, Ping An s responsible banking, investment and financing statistics are shown as below Ping An 2021 Responsible Banking, Investment and Financing 1. 22 in RMB trillion 68. 467 in RMB billion224. 580 in RMB billion 926. 860 in RMB billionPing An's responsible investment and financing has reached Inclusive investment and financing has reachedPing An's green investment and financing has reached Social investment and financing has reachedResponsible Investment and Financing ( 1 ) 1, 219, 906 Green Investment and Financing ( 2 ) 224, 580 Equity 67, 269 Bond 89, 801 Financial Products 67, 520 Inclusive Investment and Financing ( 3 ) 68, 467 Equity 331 Bond 11, 506 Financial Products 56, 630 Social Investment and Financing ( 4 ) 926, 859 Equity 193, 582 Bond 300, 667 Financial Products 432, 610 Responsible Banking 491, 384 Green Banking 89, 813 Green Credit 84, 613 Green Bonds 5, 200 Inclusive Banking 400, 022 Inclusive Loans 382, 159 Other Inclusive Financing 17, 863 Social Banking 1, 549 Note (1) The estimation scope of responsible investment and financing covers all financial products that the Group (except bank) participated as issuers and investors. Green investment and financing refer to the types of projects, such as green financing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Social investment and financing social assets cover infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, etc. Inclusive investment and financing inclusive category support small and micro business, San Nong (agriculture, rural areas and rural residents), rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Investment Impact (Cases) Assisting in financing green projects. Ping An Trust served as investment consultant in helping Ping An Life Insurance invest RMB 2 billion in CGN Wind Power through cash funding, assisting CGN Wind Power in the development of clean energy projects such as wind and photovoltaic power. Ping An Securities was appointed as the recommendation institution in New China Harbor s IPO project, helping New China Harbor fundraise in the capital market, further consolidating the company s market position and promoting a greener thermoelectric industry. Ping An Fund has issued green-themed securities investment funds such as CSI New Materials Theme ETF, CSI New Energy Vehicle Industry ETF, and CSI Photovoltaic Industry ETF, focusing on low-carbon and environmental protection industries and promoting the development of emerging green industries and technologies through financial methods. Ping An Asset Mangement's subsidiary Ping An Chuang Win has initiated and completed a new energy fund of RMB 4. 5 billion. The company is in the process of launching a new PE fund specializing in wind power and photovoltaic investment. Ping An Asset Management increased its investment in the target company through the debt-to-equity swap model, and provided equity funds for the Qinghai Yellow River Mezzanine Project of SPIC to reduce the increase in the asset-liability ratio caused by the company s new energy installation project. After the project is fully put into operation, the annual power generation can reach 2. 5 billion kilowatts, with a reduction of about 3 million tonsCO2 emissions. Through direct leasing products, Ping An Leasing provided a state-owned new energy company with RMB 70 million in funding for the construction of a ground-based centralized photovoltaic power plant in Xikaxue Village, Zhanan County, Shannan City, Tibet, with installed capacity of 20, 000 kilowatts and annual power generation capacity of 25 million kWh. Through the new green energy assistance model, it can bring about green development opportunities to the local area. Social and Inclusive Investment Impact (Cases) Supporting rural revitalization and promoting agricultural development Ping An Bank innovatively developed a number of financial products, such as rural revitalization loans, rural revitalization bonds, and rural revitalization cards. In April 2021, Ping An Bank underwrote for the first time the Rural Revitalization bond, Chongqing Pharmaceutical (Group) s sixth phase of ultra-short-term financing bonds of 2021, raising RMB 300 million to meet the needs of rural medical drugs, comprehensively improve the local health and medical service capacity, and effectively guarantee the level of rural public health services. The project is mainly located in the rural area from G75 Beibei to Shaxi Toll Station, totaling 24 km in length. It created 74 jobs in the local rural area, and is expected to drive annual economic growth of RMB 200 million in the rural areas of Sichuan and Chongqing. It has directly supported over 600 impoverished households with an average household income increase of over RMB 10, 000. The project covers eight provinces Heilongjiang, Jilin, Gansu, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Chongqing, Henan, and Yunnan. Ping An Bank's New Micro Loan applies special algorithms to locate target micro and small customers that cannot receive loans from traditional banks, and offers them credit products. RMB 110 million in interest was reduced or exempted through the issuance of interest coupons. The Anhui Series projects carried out by Ping An Securities and Ping An Leasing have effectively and comprehensively relieved the financial pressure of equipment suppliers and micro and small enterprises. As of December 31, 2021, the four issues of Anhui Asset-Backed Special Program amounted to RMB 7. 97 billion. The Inclusive Finance Series asset-backed special programs carried out by Ping An Securities and Ping An Puhui provide low-cost and high-liquidity sources of financing for SMEs, efficiently addressing the financing needs of SMEs and helping towards the development of the real economy. As of December 31, 2021, the program has provided funding for the borrowing services of over 16 million inclusive finance clients, such as micro and small business owners and individual entrepreneurs, geographically covering all regions except for Xinjiang and Taiwan. Ping An is committed to incorporating ESG philosophies into its insurance business, guiding insurance product design towards sustainable development so as to become a trustworthy insurance company. Through the application of cutting-edge technology, Ping An continues to improve its service quality and efficiency, offering more assured and convenient services to clients. Sustainable Insurance Policy Ping An has fully integrated ESG factors into the Group s core business development strategies, including its insurance business. In addition, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance based on the Sustainable Insurance Principles (PSI) introduced by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI), and proposes four principles of sustainable insurance Sustainable Insurance Product System Ping An constantly enhances the integration of ESG factors into its product development, design, and evaluation, and increases product innovation in order to continuously improve and enrich the sustainable insurance portfolios. In 2021, Ping An actively responded to China s Carbon Neutrality strategy, and further strengthened the development of green insurance products and services. At the same time, Ping An keeps tracking the changing health trends of China s population and the changes in demand in the insurance market due to increasing insurance awareness. Partial List of Sustainable Insurance Products in 2021 Climate insurance Social insurance Inclusive insurance Insurance for Small and Micro Business Operation Insurance for Special GroupInsurance for Sannong (Agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents) Social insurance Liability insurance Medical insurance Annuity Insurance Critical illness insurance Environmental & Ecological InsuranceCasualty Insurance 70 71 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix in RMB million Environmental (1) Social (2) Inclusive (3) Premium income 44, 569. 22 453, 813. 28 23, 403. 42 Insured amount 40, 160, 077. 16 478, 323, 674. 83 13, 582, 443. 90Ping An 2021 Sustainable Insurance Data Notes (1) Environmental insurances include insurance products provided by insurance financial institutions to support response to climate change, environmental improvement, resource conservation and efficient utilization, ecological protection, energy conservation, and environmental protection, and to advocate for green, healthy, and low-carbon lifestyles. Social insurances include liability insurance (covering workplace safety insurance and food safety insurance), medical insurance, and critical illness insurance. Inclusive insurances include agriculture insurance, insurance for rural areas, insurance for farmers, insurance for vulnerable groups, and small and micro-business operations insurance. Sustainable Insurance Impact Ping An has aligned and integrated its diversified insurance business with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), contributing to environmental, social, and economic sustainability, and promoting global sustainable development. Ping An s 2021 sustainable insurance profile is listed below. Green Insurance Impact (Cases) Insuring development of green industries Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance green insurance product, forest carbon sink remote sensing index insurance, actualized the efficient quantitative monitoring of forestry carbon sink accumulation and growth through innovative application of satellite remote sensing technology, facilitating the rapid underwriting of projects. It regularly provides customers with feedback on the forests growth, puts forward scientific management suggestions, and helps customers improve the level of carbon sink growth. Through the innovative model of index insurance, it can also achieve rapid loss determination and quick claim settlement after disasters and make use of compensation for post- disaster forestry carbon sink resources rescue, carbon source removal, and forest resources cultivation, providing a strong guarantee for the development of forestry carbon sinks. Up to now, the product has been launched in Hebei, Guangxi, and Hunan, accumulating a total of RMB 15. 582 million in carbon sink risk protection for 130, 000 mu of forest land. Green Insurance Impact (Cases) Impact of Social Inclusive Insurance (Cases)Supporting comprehensive environmental management Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched wildlife insurance to address the issues caused by wildlife. In June 2021, the wild Asian elephant herds in Yunnan migrated north, causing economic loss in crops along the way. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance paid an insurance amount of RMB 1, 723, 800 for 411 cases of accidents relating to the wild elephant herd, contributing to the establishment of a good environment for harmonious coexistence between humans and elephants. Enhancing post-disaster resilience In response to climate disasters, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched disaster insurance products, represented by Guangdong Catastrophe Index Insurance, to help local governments and production and operation entities cope with catastrophes, leverage insurance companies risk management technology and capabilities to reduce losses, and accelerate post-disaster reconstruction through claim settlement services. In the 2021 Shanxi heavy downpour, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance launched seven emergency service measures, including multi-channel real-time warning, multi-channel convenient services, on-site emergency response networks, temporary resettlement sites, opening green channels for claims, rescue and quick repairment, and timely compensation prepayment, fully protecting the safety of customers lives and property. Since the launch of Ping An Fu in 2013, it has kept up with the times, continuously upgrading its depth and breadth of coverage and product services. In 2021, as the coverage has been increased Ping An Fu additionally offers three ways to raise the coverage amount. The diseases covered also have expanded from 150 to 180. In addition, the number of claims by customers has increased to give customers the maximum financial protection. Up to December 2021, more than 2. 45 million micro and small enterprises were covered, effectively helping micro and small enterprises to continue stable operation. In addition, in response to the demand for resumption of work and production after the epidemic, Ping An Property & Casualty insurance promoted loan guarantee insurance products priced with balance method in early 2021, effectively reducing the repayment pressure of small and micro enterprises and making up for the shortcomings of financing services for small and micro enterprises. As of December 2021, Ping An Property & Casualty insurance has provided guaranteed insurance credit enhancement services to nearly one million small and micro enterprise customers that had production and business needs, with a financing amount totaling over RMB 250 billion, and helped small and micro enterprises to resume work and production. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixProduct Liability and Customer Protection Responsible Products As an integrated financial and life services group, Ping An provides a wide range of products and services including insurance, banking, asset management, and technology. It has formulated principles on responsible products, and has formed and gradually refined the policies and systems restricted to all its products and services. In terms of governance, Ping An has the Group s Board of Directors as the highest governing body for product and service responsibilities, and authorizes the Group Consumer Rights Protection Committee and Personal Finance Committee as the direct regulatory body responsible for product and service. At the executive level, the Group Operation Risk Management Department, Group Consumer Rights Protection Department, and Group ESG Office are responsible for organizing, coordinating, supervising, and directing subsidiary professional companies product departments to implement responsible product responsibilities, standardize management in the product and service life cycle, and avoid ESG-related risks. Product development In the development process, each subsidiary professional company must comply with and protect the basic rights of consumers, such as the right to property security, the right to information, and the right to independent choice. With full understanding and compliance with relevant regulations and systems, they should evaluate and review product policies, systems, business rules, fee pricing, terms of agreement, promotional texts, etc., and identify and point out relevant risks, avoiding product and service risks right at the source. Product sales and publicity Ping An actively and fully fulfills the obligation of information disclosure, and truthfully explains to consumers the nature of products and services, main risks, fees and charges, main terms and conditions of the contract, etc. The content of externa promotional content should be reviewed so that they are legally qualified, ensuring responsible publicity. All sales staff should obtain legal qualifications and receive regular training. Ping An also actively initiates consumer-oriented financial knowledge education activities and organizes regular financial knowledge training on consumer rights and obligation, the obligations of financial institutions, and protection of consumers rights as social welfare events. Each subsidiaries professional company should establish a consumer complaint management system and provide consumers and other relevant parties with customer communication and feedback channels, such as website mobile customer service, email, and hotline. Each subsidiaries professional company should clearly inform customers of the communication channels in product contracts, product introduction materials, and other similar materials. Customers can obtain product and service-related information or request for assistance about products and services through relevant channels. Subsidiaries are required to inform the complainants of the processing results within the time limit regulated by laws and regulations. Emergency handling Based on principles of Risk of Mass Complaints Management Approach and the principles of Unified Leadership, Comprehensive Coordination; Integrated Management, Hierarchical Responsibility; Compartmentalization combined, Territorial based; Be prepared, Prevention first; Quick Response, Decisively handling, a leading group on mass complaints prevention and emergency management is established as a permanent part of Group, which conducts a mass complaints risk review and reports every six months, handling relevant issues according to the group s Significant Emergency Handling Guideline as necessary. Case Ping An Health Insurance strengthens product process management to create responsible insurance products In the product development process, all product innovation schemes of Ping An Health Insurance are required to undergo product secretary meetings to assess feasibility and then submit to product management committee for approval before the product development process started. After the new proposal is approved, the Product Marketing Department strictly controls the development by formulating product operation rules and submitting a notification of system development completion and a official document approval for product listing on the official website, etc. All documents involved in the development process must be approved and confirmed by the corresponding department. In terms of product marketing management, in order to better respond to internal and external management requirements on product marketing and publicity and to further reduce the risk of false publicity and misleading sales, the Product Marketing Department has formulated Management on Marketing Aids (Version 2021). This document clearly specifies six major aspects responsibilities and functions of each department, production authority of each department, classification of marketing aids, owner s responsibility and approval mechanism of marketing aids, organization and registration of marketing aids, and the handling of violations. In order to effectively reduce risks in product marketing and promotion, the Product Marketing Department plans to build a unified online marketing aid database, aiming for a one-stop management of company-wide marketing aid production, review, summary, iteration and destruction. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Consumer Rights Protection Ping An is committed to creating heartwarming services by placing customers at the center of it all. Under the leadership of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors, Ping An actively implements various consumer rights protection requirements and integrates consumer rights protection into its corporate governance. It implemented and deployed regulatory requirements and consumer rights protection assessments, and improved its consumer rights protection review mechanisms. Internally, it strengthened the culture and concept of fair and honest consumer rights protection for all employees, established a daily consumer rights protection mechanism for the Group, held regular management exchange seminars to improve the management of consumer rights protection, and delivered online training courses on consumer rights protection to establish the correct concept of consumer rights protection. By December 31, 2021, nearly 300, 000 employees had completed online learning courses. Employees had completed online learning 300, 000 Operation C Delivering Financial Protection to Consumers In response to the call from regulators to strengthen consumer protection and education, Ping An Puhui upgraded its consumer capability empowerment program, Operation C, and joined hands with public security departments, regulators, and sub-districts to jointly conduct online and offline financial anti-fraud publicity activities and promote the National Anti-Fraud Center app to further increase the public s awareness of financial fraud risk prevention. Ping An E-Wallet Conducts Financial Anti-Fraud Public Education Ping An E-Wallet emphasized the strengthening of financial literacy among consumers to help them build up self- protection awareness and rights protection. In 2020, Ping An E-Wallet launched offline financial anti-fraud public education activities in Xiangxi, Shanghai, Beijing, Hangzhou, and Shandong, aimed at protecting consumers rights and interests by strengthening financial security education, upgrading security defense system, and optimizing the customer service process. Case 76 77 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixConsumer rights hotline got connected 256, 000 The fastest payment record for car insurance 70 seconds Intelligent Appointment ServiceOptimized Store Hardware and Software EquipmentGreen Channel for Elderly Services Through the 95511 national customer service hotline, the Ping An Good Car Owner app, and the Ping An Auto Insurance Service Store mini-program, one can make appointments for online business with online remote guidance and offline business with the information of all required documents all in one time. Stores are equipped with comfortable seats, water dispensers, medical boxes, and other convenient facilities. Raincoats, umbrellas, and other supplies are provided for elderly customers on rain and snow days. The green service channel zone for senior citizens is fully set up, with senior staffs serving eldery customers one-on-one. Senior staffs are able to understand senior customers demands in a timely manner and handle cases quickly according to the customers needs. Ping An provides a hotline for elderly customers. The agents pocket working platform (Pocket E) provides a valet complaints channel. A dedicated consumer rights hotline 4001666333 was launched, equipped with professional customer agent team in 24 7 service, and a quick response time in order to resolve consumer consultation and complaints with professional and efficient service. Up to the end of 2021, the dedicated consumer rights hotline got connected with 256, 000 visitors, averaging 1, 111 daily visitors, with a 99 connection rate. Addressing the common issues in the industry, Ping An Property & Casualty established a remote service model, featuring one-on-one online settlement of cases with minor losses and no demand for on-site service. It simplifies the claims processing process, and provides convenient and efficient service for customers, with the fastest payment record for car insurance in only 70 seconds. In 2021, 80 of the cases at Ping An Property & Casualty are completed within 1 hour and the total completion rate is nearly 99. 2021 Strengthen agent management Ping An stepped up agent team building on consumer rights protection with enhanced education, control of sales, and strict accountability. Through continuous implementation of departmental morning meetings on compliance topics, Ping An strengthened the training for agent quality, guided the teams to strengthen compliance as the core culture. Ping An requires new agents to participate in related trainings and to pass exams to ensure qualified sales skills. Ping An conducts special inspection and routine business risk self-inspection, strengthening management and supervision of key risk areas, and strictly refers to quality management policy to hold related personnel and managers accountable. Information Security and AI Governance With the rapid development of the Internet economy, the value of information has become increasingly prominent, and the risk of information security has also increased. The frequent occurrence of security incidents such as information leakage and trafficking has brought serious potential dangers to personal privacy and national security. As a result, relevant laws and regulations have been continuously improving in China, the protection of personal privacy data increasingly strengthened and the scientific and technological information industry increasingly regulated. In recent years, laws and regulations such as The Cybersecurity Law, The Data Security Law, and the Personal Information Protection Law have been promulgated and implemented. Comprehensive enhancements to network and data security are required, and protective measures are planned. Ping An resolutely abides by national laws, regulations, and industry norms, strictly implements information security management norms with the highest standards, and ensures the security of Ping An s information business. By developing information security management regulations such as Policy Statement on Privacy Protection of Ping An Group, Ping An establishes a data security governance model centered on client data protection, carries out the whole-process security management, and regularly conducts internal and external audits of information security management and data privacy protection. Ping An has obtained the ISO27001 certification on information security management system for many years in order to operate the information security system effectively and stably. Ping An respects and protects the privacy of all customers, and has established management norms such as Policy Statement on Privacy Protection of Ping An Group to ensure legal, compliant, safe, and reliable input, transmission, storage, and use of personal information. Moreover, Ping An strictly controls the collection, use, and protection of relevant privacy information, and ensures that business activities do not infringe on the privacy rights of clients and employees. Enhanced AI Governance Ping An follows the five ethical principles of people-orientated, human-governaned, safety and controllability, fairness and justice, openness and transparency. Externally, Ping An proactively participated in the global AI governance, and increased communication between the industry and academic exchanges. The core employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan has coverd 89, 304 people Employee Development and WelfareDevelopment and Welfare of Employees and Agents eeing employees as the key asset, Ping An is dedicated to offering broad prospects and abundant resources for career development. It respects the rights and interests of employees, and continues to improve their compensation and welfare guarantees while fostering a comfortable and pleasant working environment for them. Similarly, Ping An highlights the growth of its agents, and constantly improves their training model and courses, trying to be the sincerest partner for agents. Guided byits Anti-Discrimination Rules, the Group eliminates unfair treatment, insists on equal pay for equal work, and prohibits any discrimination behaviors. Furthermore, the Group shuns the use of child labor and forced labor, and refrains from interfering with the rights of employees to participate in any legal organizations or set up associations. Ping An abides by national laws and regulations and local government requirements, actively implements the parental leave system, and protects the legitimate rights and interests of employees. In accordance with the principle of distribution by work, coupled with employee performance assessment, Ping An carries out scientific salary management, motivates employees to continuously improve their personal ability and to develop and grow with the Group. In addition, to encourage retention rates in core talents and to establish a sound and long-term incentive and restraint mechanism, Ping An has implemented a core employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan, covering a total of 89, 304 people. Moreover, Ping An provides well-developed and diversified channels for feedback, complaints, and reports, and has formulated the Whistle-blowing Management Procedure to protect employees freedom of expression and to protect their legitimate rights and interests (refer to Transparent Corporate Governance Section for more details). The system covers multiple dimensions such as performance results, ability dimensions, and development potential to ensure the fairness and efficiency of talent selection. Every employee has the right to participate in training, achieving comprehensive coverage from employees to senior management. In addition, Ping An continues to improve and deepen the training system, enrich curriculum and instructor resources, provide multi-dimensional training, provide all-round training for employees, and strive to achieve the goal of the best training is at Ping An. The livestreamed course has established cooperation with ten renowned business schools and over 30 consulting institutions, and has selected six thematic courses in strategic planning, management decision-making, cutting-edge technology, trends and innovation, professional skills, and personal growth. At the same time, Ping An has introduced popular courses and livestreamed courses for professional positions such as technology, finance, marketing, products, brands, and HR. In terms of training, Ping An has increased investment in talent development and improved the efficiency of talent investment. In terms of work, Ping An adheres to the results-oriented approach and provides a career platform for talents. The course resource libraries totals over 1, 900 Case Ping An launched the Position Best Practice Project In 2021, in order to continuously upgrade the job curriculum system, Ping An launched two practical courses, Best Practice Extraction Program and Best Practice Application Competition around the common business needs of five positions. The project produced a series of best practice cases and best practice extraction programs. The Best Practice Application Competition encourages professional companies to focus on core business scenarios, promote the implementation of best practices, and promote employee learning and employee practice via competitions. Best practices play an important role in improving sales performance, improving work efficiency, controlling costs, etc., and achieved the project s anticipated goal of transforming experience sharing into value output. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixEmployee Welfare With the management mission of career plan, joyful work and easy life, Ping An offers commercial insurance, high-end medical health insurance, family health checkup package, and other benefits to guarantee that employees can realize their value in a highly satisfactory environment. Ping An offers a health management platform through which employees can directly conduct online consultation and medical appointment and receive physical examination services on a regular basis. In addition, Ping An has set up the Employee Assistance Program (EAP) to assist employees in solving their personal problems. Ping An developed the HR-X platform for mobile applications to provide employees with a series of convenient services. Furthermore, in order to respect and care for female employees, Ping An provides nursing rooms and corresponding facilities in the office to facilitate nursing. Ping An Life Insurance has fully launched the Excellent project to attract and screen high-quality talents. In order to meet the career development needs of agents and enhance their sense of belonging and identity in the insurance industry, Ping An Life Insurance supports agents in training, rights protection, and business development, and continuously improves the service skills and professional level of agents. In order to achieve the goal of a well-trained, high-performance and high-quality transformation of the agent team, Ping An Life Insurance has adopted three core strategies of institutional classification development, refined operation, and digitalization. It adopts distinct development strategies according to the distinct economic development level and competitive situation of different cities and regions. It matches suitable management and support for different agents, and designs different development models for the three key groups of newcomers, high performers, and supervisors. By creating digital tools, Ping An helps the daily operation, recruitment, training, management, and other aspects of the agent team. Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Agent Welfare and Management to ensure the fairness and impartiality of agent recruitment and prohibit discrimination against agents. In addition, Ping An provides communication channels for agents to express their opinions and demands, and protects the legitimate rights and interests of agents to express themselves freely. Ping An provides agents with a wealth of welfare protection from medical, accident, death, pension, and others, including four basic welfare guarantees, pension provident fund, long-term service awards, value-added services, physical examination services, etc. From 2020 to 2021, Ping An Life Insurance had comprehensively upgraded its treatment, care, and management of agents. In terms of care, the Elderly Employee Care Plan was launched to provide four exclusive value-added services for supervisors and high performers, including expert consultation, VIP appointment registration, secondary diagnosis and treatment of serious illness, hospitalization arrangement, etc. Ping An recruits talents and creates an exclusive training system for Excellent agents On October 16, 2021, Ping An hosted the 2021 Ping An New Maker Conference in Shenzhen, and officially announced the launch of the Ping An Recruitment Talent Season. As a Ping An-launched talent recruitment program, the program provided income subsidy support for newcomers in the early stage, and piloted the implementation of the newcomer management project at second-level institutions, aimed at creating an exclusive training system for insurance agents by providing better training, treatment, development, and platform, helping agents adapt to the working environment faster, completing advancement in life, and thus becoming future life insurance elites and insurance entrepreneurs. Case 84 85 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Empowerment of agents through the Pocket Easy channel The Ping An Agent s intelligent online platform Pocket Easy helps agents carry out the entire business process online. In terms of training, it helps increase users, enhances user viscosity, enriches the learning content, and strengthens compliance publicity. In 2021, the headquarters and institutions held a total of 90 live broadcasts, covering a crowd of 10, 000 people. In terms of upgrading rights and interests, the platform has paved the way for the transformation of Ping An medical and health service products. The platform has a hierarchical management system for agents which digitizes, systematizes, and processes the level of rights and interests by matching rights to services, health management, life and travel, etc. In terms of business development, the intelligent work platform uses four means of compliance system, quality control, compliance training, and system optimization to help agents expand their business online. The intelligent work platform s number of users annually has reached 3, 125, 80 of which are at leadership levels. Case Sustainable Supply Chain Ping An is committed to establishing win-win and long-term mutually beneficial cooperation relationships with its suppliers. Ping An has continuously optimized procurement services, timely fulfilled its payment agreements, and proactively promoted higher sustainable development levels in its suppliers. As of December 2021, Ping An has a total of 6, 408 partnering suppliers, including 72 overseas suppliers. Ping An developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains, and Detailed Measures for Management of Procurement Business Suppliers, and integrated ESG requirements into the closed supply chain management, from selection&verification, approval &cooperation, management&integrityto tracking&feedback. Ping An focuses on its suppliers ESG performance in aspects of environmental protection, employee rights and interests, and risk management. As of December 2021, 3, 016 suppliers have passed Ping An s supplier ESG performance assessment. Ping An puts emphasis on the training of our partners, including product quality, job skills, compliance management, employee rights and interests, etc., in order to improve the sustainable performance of suppliers. As of December 2021, a total of 64, 583 suppliers have participated in such ESG trainings, a number that accounts for all of Ping An s suppliers. The group duely practices environment protection in its development strategy planning, and has substantially reduced its operational impact to the environment through measures such as energy saving renovation, smart office system, digital businesses, etc. In the end, Ping An has achieved significant energy efficiency and emissions reduction. Meanwhile, the bottled water usage in Ping An s conference rooms has seen a decrease of 2, 130 boxes(51, 120 bottles), a 54 drop as compared to 2020, saving RMB 89, 600 in operational costs. Ping An workplaces actively echoed the group s advocacy for a paperless office through implementing double-sided printing and using online document processing systems. In particular, Ping An Bank has optimized its financial system to implement electronic invoice reimbursement that forgoes printing, binding, and scanning. In 2021, Ping An Bank issued 918, 756 electronic invoices, which accounted for 50 of invoices. In regards to energy saving, Ping An has integrated energy saving management into all aspects of its daily operation. Through scientific energy management systems and optimized infrastructure, Ping An gradually improved energy efficiency, and reduced the electricity consumption of offices and data centers. In 2021, the electricity consumption of Ping An s own workplaces and leased workplaces was 513, 946, 880 kWh, while the power consumption of data centers is 102, 896, 415 kWh. The use of mineral water In the workplace of Ping An Financial Center has been reduced by 808 boxes (19, 392 bottles), a 61 drop as compared to 2020 The use of mineral water in conference rooms has been reduced by 2, 130 boxes(51, 120 bottles), a 54 drop as compared to 2020. Power consumption Ping An's own and leased workplaces is 513, 946, 880KWH, while the power consumption of data centers is 102, 896, 415 KWH. Carbon emissions The total carbon emissions of Ping An in 2021 reached 428, 994. 85 tons. A groundbreaking ceremony of the Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Centre was held at Ping An University in Shenzhen. Among Shenzhen s financial-level data center projects, Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Centre is the first to achieve data center PUE of less than 1. 25, and is expected to become a benchmark for domestic energy-saving technology after it is put into production, contributing to the strategy of Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutralization. Case Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center is expected to lead the energy-saving technology development 88 89 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Green Buildings Ping An pursues the goal of green city, and actively promotes the green and low-carbon development of urban ecology, improving the quality of urban environment and resident living standard. In recent years, Ping An has been actively constructing green office buildings. Through applying green and environmental technologies, Ping An sets a benchmark for high-rise buildings in energy conservation and environmental protection, and builds heartwarming green buildings. As of December 31, 2021, more than 10 of Ping An s green building projects, including the Shenzhen Ping An Financial Center, Ping An National Customer Service and Support Technology Center No. 3 Building, and Ping An Fortune Plaza in Changsha, have obtained green building certifications at home and abroad. By adopting cutting-edge technologies such as free refrigeration system, heat recovery system, high-performance facade design, and energy regeneration elevators, it can save up to 46 of energy consumption, standing as the world-class green building benchmark for high-rise buildings. Case Business Creates Value In 2021, Ping An reviewed and developed its culture and value system, putting people at its core and national rejuvenation as its responsibility, with the vision of becoming the world-leading integrated financial and healthcare services provider. Community Impact Adhering to the values of surviving in competition, and developing with innovation and One Pingan, Ping An takes social responsibility while creating value for customers, shareholders, and employees and pursuing win-win cooperation and hand-in-hand development with all stakeholders. Ping An takes advantage of its scale and strengths in finance, technology, and healthcare to promote volunteerism and civilization in various service scenarios. In cooperation with the Bureau of Civil Affairs of Shenzhen Municipality, Ping An Bank launched the Shenzhen Smart Eldercare Identity Cards, with benefits which include policy exemptions (free bus and subway rides and free access to the city s parks, tourist attractions, and cultural and sports venues), financial debit, data collection, and other services, fulfilling the application in all eldercare services and improving the experience of elderly residents. Case 90 91 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Smart Life Makes Civil Administrative Services More Accessible In recent years, Ping An Smart Life has served in government informatization, and connected government data with solutions such as government data sharing and governance. The iShenzhen digital citizen product system was developed, featuring a one- stop simplified administrative service, a one-code convenient city access, and a one-data empowered application. The iShenzhen app, the integrated government service platform built for Shenzhen, has realized a handheld government, services at fingertips, and face-scan enabled tasks and launched more than 8, 000 services, equipped with innovative service modes of Second Report and Second Approval, Certificate-Free Processing, and Processing with Chatbox, through which the Certificate-free Office launched within the data applications of iShenzhen covers 405 types of licenses required by citizens and enterprises for daily operations and life, and covering 5, 288 of the city s government service affairs, bringing about great convenience to the public. Case Contributions to Local Communities In 2021, Ping An aligned itself with the developmental needs of volunteering services in the modern Chinese context, staying true to Ping An s original mission and giving back to communities. Throughout the year, Ping An carried out nearly 15, 000 Ping An Guardian Initiative public welfare events to help improve the general public s financial literacy, consumer rights awareness, and safety literacy, bringing public welfare to communities and benefiting residents. Case Ping An Guardian Initiative Brings Safety and Health to Communities In 2021, Ping An Guardian Initiative focused on the themes of safety and health. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Financial Literacy Improvement Plan Guides Consumers to Use Financial Services Ping An has integrated consumer rights and interests protection into its corporate governance, and conducted consumer education activities in different ways, including online and offline events, to guide consumers to use financial services correctly, protect their own rights and interests, and establish rational consumption concepts. Ping An and its 18 professional companies have joined with local Internet information and Internet police departments to organize various forms of campaigns about network security. In an innovative mode of cooperation between the police and enterprises, these campaigns aim to enhance the public s knowledge of financial anti-fraud and awareness of consumer protection by establishing a public welfare science column online and holding offline activities in the community, which also helps police department in building a clear cyberspace. This program has been successfully implemented in nearly 30 provinces and cities such as Shenzhen, Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Jinan and hosted about 80 events and attended by 100 million people, leading to a large social response. Case Ping An Volunteers Association 3. 334 millionThe total number of registered users of San Cun Hui Public walfare reached 3, 858 events Public welfare activities around us has totally launched 21. 39 million person-time Public welfare activities around us were launched, attracting participation of Ping An established the Ping An Volunteers Association in 2018. Since then, volunteers could be found everywhere all over China. At present, Ping An Volunteers Association has set up 27 regional volunteer association branches nationwide, covering 30 member companies within the group. By December 31, 2021, the total number of registered users of San Cun Hui Public walfare reached 3. 334 million, among which 555, 000 were Ping An employees and agent volunteers. In 2021, a total of 3, 858 public welfare activities around us were launched, attracting participation of 21. 39 million person-time. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixAnnual Key Performance Business Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Total assets (in RMB million) 10, 142, 026 9, 527, 870 8, 222, 929 Total income (in RMB million) 1, 180, 444 1, 218, 315 1, 168, 867 Operating profit (in RMB million) 168, 479 155, 670 147, 722 Operating profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company (in RMB million)101, 618 143, 099 149, 407 Dividends per share (in RMB) 2. 38 2. 20 2. 05 Earnings per share (in RMB) 5. 77 8. 10 8. 41 Total tax paid (in RMB million) 111, 416 103, 576 118, 300 Solvency adequacy ratio of the Group ( ) 233. 5 236. 40 229. 80 Insurance fund investment portfolio size (in RMB trillion)3. 92 3. 74 3. 21 Annualized return on investment ( ) 4. 6 5. 1 5. 2 Annualized total return ( ) 4. 0 6. 2 6. 9 Corporate Governance Board of Directors Supervisory Committee IndicatorExecutive Director(s)Non- executive Director(s)Independent non-executive Director(s)TotalExternal Supervisor(s)Shareholder Representative Supervisor(s)Employee Representative Supervisor(s)Total Headcount 5 3 6 14 2 1 2 5Composition of 2021 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee (person)Gender and Age Composition of 2021 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee( ) Board of Directors Supervisory Committee By gender By age By gender By age Indicator Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Percentage 86 14 0 21 79 80 20 0 40 60 Compliance and Risk Management Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Compliance and internal control awareness raising activities coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Risk management staff training coverage( ) 100 100 100 Business Code of Conduct and Anti-Corruption Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Coverage rate of anti-corruption education ( ) 100 100 100 Coverage rate of trainings on anti-money laundering ( ) 100 100 100 Number of non-compliance cases related to money laundering0 0 0 Number of anti-corruption activities (times) 3, 445 2, 088 2, 046 Number of anti-corruption trainings (times) 20 Attendance of anti-corruption trainings (thousand) 5, 600 3, 120 3, 570 Rectification rate of issues identified in annual audit ( )96 79 71 Verification rate of complaints received ( ) 100 100 100 98 99 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Environmental Performance Indicator 2021 2020 2019 GHG emissions Scope 1 direct (tCO2e) 6, 121. 76 2, 114. 51 7, 156 Scope 2 indirect (tCO2e) 376, 336. 09 478, 287. 47 720, 605 Scope 3-employee travelling(tCO2e) 46, 537 49, 897. 43 69, 490 Total GHG emissions (tCO2e) 428, 994. 85 530, 299 797, 251 GHG emissions per capita (tCO2e person) 1. 21 1. 47 2. 12 Direct energy consumption Natural gas-total (M3) 3, 053, 842 1, 068, 243 3, 402, 090 Diesel-total (Liters) 5, 772 4, 243 174, 898 Indirect energy consumption Electricity consumption-workplace (KWh) 513, 946, 880 527, 951, 472 732, 249, 926 Electricity consumption-data centers (KWh) 102, 896, 415 21, 804, 243 96, 317, 142 Electricity consumption-per capita (KWh person) 1, 732. 79 1, 520. 23 2, 198. 64 Water consumption Water consumption-total (Tons) 5, 088, 733 26, 831, 408 9, 279, 226 Water consumption-per capita (Ton person) 14. 29 74. 20 24. 64 Solid waste Solid waste produced (Tons) 210, 773 331, 125 309, 631 Total paper consumption (Tons) 1, 631 6, 764 4, 315Resource consumption and GHG emissions (Scope 1 emissions in this report cover emissions from stationary energy consumption; scope 2 covers those from electricity purchased (electricity emissions factor 0. 6101 kg CO2e KWh), and scope 3 covers emissions from air travels and hotel accommodations by employees. Male ( ) 99. 73 Female ( ) 99. 33 By Level Executive management & Senior managers ( )94. 82 Middle-rank ( ) 99 Junior Staff ( ) 99. 62 Average hours of face-to-face and online trainings per employee (hours) 28. 54 33. 19 11. 94 By Gender Male (hours) 26. 39 Female (hours) 30. 81 By Level Executive managers & Senior managers (hours) 37. 89 Middle-rank managers (hours) 36. 59 Junior Staff(hours) 27. 72 Employee Trainings Employee Health and Safety Indicator 2021 Number of work-related fatalities (person) 5 Rate of work-related fatalities ( ) 0. 001 Number of lost days due to work related injuries (days) 755 Customer Service Customer Service Performance Table Indicator Company 2021 2020 2019 NPS ( )Ping An Life 43 41 38 Ping An Health 51 49 47 Ping An Annuity 61 69 68 Ping An Securities 47 38 29 Ping An Bank Credit Card 43 40 32 Number of insurance claims (million)Ping An Life, Ping An Health, Ping An Annuity, Ping An Property & Casualty46. 47 Average daily positive feedback rate ( )Ping An Good Doctor 92 Information Security and AI Governance Indicator 2021 Number of information leaks or other network security incidents 0 Information security evaluation score (point) 92. 74 Average per-capita hours of information security trainings for employees hours 4 Coverage rate of customers privacy policy informed ( ) 100 Coverage rate of data control services provided to customers (including personal data access, correction, deletion etc.) ( )100 Coverage rate of the access to privacy information authorized by customers ( ) 100 Coverage rate of customers' access to information disclosure policies ( ) 100 Information security policies and frequency of system audits (IT audit frequency) (times year) 1 Coverage rate of information security trainings for employees ( ) 100 (Methodology of Statistics of 2021 Ping An Annuity has been improved based on structure of clientele) 104 105 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Supply Chain Performance Number of Suppliers Indicator 2021 2020 2019 Number of suppliers 6, 408 7, 400 3, 038 By typeService providers 5, 252 5, 865 2, 129 Material suppliers 1, 156 1, 535 909 By regionEast China 2, 318 2, 648 1, 232 North China 1, 054 1, 126 757 Central China 480 556 58 South China 1, 269 1, 462 796 Southwestern Region 518 693 86 Northwestern Region 389 422 39 Northeastern Region 308 458 21 Overseas Region 72 35 49 ESG Performance of Suppliers Indicator 2021 Number of suppliers approved in the Selection and Audit process section after audit (unit) 3, 016 Average score of supplier assessment (100-point scale) (point) 71. 68 Total number of suppliers eliminated (unit) 223 Number of suppliers participating in ESG related trainings (unit) 64, 583 Coverage rate of ESG related trainings for suppliers ( ) 100 Public Welfare Performance Ping An Rural Communities Supporting Program Indicator 2021 Village OfficerIndustrial revitalization assistance funds of the year (in RMB billion ) 12. 016 Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization (in RMB billion )41. 85 Number of person covered by wealthy leader courses (person) 80, 000 Sales of products for rural revitalizationwithPingAnassistance (in RMB million )110 Village DoctorNumber of the mobile medical checkups (times) 69 People served by mobile medical checkups (person) 9, 483 Village TeacherVillage schools sponsored by Ping An (units) 119 Master of Scenarios live courses (times) 6 Poverty students served by Master of Scenarios live courses (thousand people) 6, 300 Rural Revitalization Performance Indicator 2021 Insurance premium amount provided for rural revitalization (in RMB million) 3, 715 Number of joint Party establishment points 141 Number of rural revitalization cards issued 23, 075 Total amount of rural revitalization loan (in RMB million) 4, 397 Volunteer Service Indicator 2021 San Cun Hui public welfare platformCumulative number of registers at the platform (thousand people) 3, 334 Cumulative amount of public activities introduced (units) 3, 858 Number of participants at the platform (person time) 21, 386, 897 Volunteer ServiceNumber of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An (person) 554, 944 Ping An Guardian Initiative (times) 14, 819 Number of volunteer association chapters (units) 47 Number of volunteer association chapters under susbsidiaries (units) 30 106 107 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Patent and R&D Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking PerformanceIndicator 2021 Total number of annual patent applications (item) 7, 008 Cumulative number of patent applications (item) 38, 420 Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking Performance (as of December 31, 2021) Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Status (as of December 31, 2020) Indicator Environment(1) Society(2) Inclusive(3) Insurance premium (in RMB million) 44, 569 453, 813. 23, 403 Sum insured amount (in RMB million) 40, 160, 077 478, 323, 675 13, 582, 444 Insurance product details (Types) 41 1, 409 853 Number of insurance policies 11, 322, 040 188, 577, 123 43, 761, 186Patent and R&D Performance (in RMB million) Total Responsible Investment and Financing ( 1 ) 1, 219, 906 Green Investment and Financing ( 2 ) 224, 580 Equity 67, 259 Bond 89, 801 Financial Products 67, 520 Inclusive Investment and Financing ( 3 ) 68, 467 Equity 331 Bond 11, 506 Financial Products 56, 630 Social Investment and Financing ( 4 ) 926, 859 Equity 193, 582 Bond 300, 667 Financial Products 432, 610(in RMB million) Total Responsible Banking 491, 384 Green Banking 89, 813 Green loans 84, 613 Green bonds 5, 200 Inclusive Banking 400, 022 Inclusive loans 382, 159 Other Inclusive Financing 17, 863 Social Banking 1, 549 (1) The scope of responsible investment and financing covers all financial products for which the Group (except banking) is the funding party and issuer. Social investment and financing includes infrastructure construction, pension and medical care, education and culture, and other types. Inclusive investment and financing includes types of small and micro enterprises loans, agricultural and rural revitalization loan, and construction of obsolete town loans. Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as production safety insurance, food safety insurance etc.), medical insurance, critical illness insurance etc. Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture and rural areas, insurance for the disadvantaged, and insurance for the operation of small and micro enterprises etc. The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing, the Group Investor Relations & ESG Management Committee ( IR ESG Committee ) under the Group Executive Committee is the management for ESG issues. The IR ESG Committee holds ESG exchange conference twice a year, and it is responsible for developing overall ESG strategy, identifying and assessing ESG risks, examining and approving ESG management policies, auditing ESG plans and objectives and deliberating on ESG performance appraisal through the Group ESG Management Committee and the Group ESG Office. ESG risk management Ping An has continuously optimized the ESG governance structure and controlled ESG risks within the Group system, and made systematic integration of ESG risks with the Group's comprehensive risk management system. Functional departments at the Group headquarters and professional companies follow ESG policy requirements to improve daily ESG management; increase efforts to build integrity and discipline; strengthen ethical risk management of AI and other technologies, promote responsible product and compliance management, ensure comprehensive coverage of the governance system from top to bottom, and create Chinese ESG governance standards. Green Finance In 2021, Ping An has fully upgraded its action in green f inance, announced its five-year business goals, and committed to achieving carbon neutrality in operation by 2030. Through creating a closed loop of supporting integrated finance, continuous efforts on building healthy village, bridging the urban-rural gap in technology education, Ping An will contribute to the rural revitalization. Climate change response Ping An built up a comprehensive and effective governance mechanism. Through the analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities, Ping An constantly adjusts its business development strategies and resource allocation and formulate climate risk management strategies, in order to cope with various risks emerging from climate change, seize opportunities of low-carbon development and transition to realize its own green development. Ping An's management practices and progresses in all the above work and other ESG issues as fully disclosed in this Report have been examined and approved by the Board of Directors in March, 2022 110 111 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixIndependent Third-Party Assurance Report Independent Assurance Report To the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (the Board of Directors ) We have been engaged by the Boards of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (hereafter PING AN ) to perform a limited assurance engagement on the information disclosed in Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report (hereafter the Sustainability Report') for the nancial period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the completion and presentation (including reporting guidelines, limitations, reporting data and relevant identi cation procedures) of the Report compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to GRI Standards of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The Board of Directors is also responsible for determining the objectives in respect of sustainability performance and reporting, including identi cation of stakeholders and material issues that are relevant to these stakeholders; establishing and maintaining appropriate performance management and internal control systems from which the reported performance information is derived; and maintaining adequate records. Our Responsibilities In accordance with the agreed terms with PING AN, we are responsible for performing a limited level of assurance engagement on the following selected data ( the Subject Matter ) in the Sustainability Report, as well as evaluating whether there is any material misstatement of the ESG performance indicators disclosed in the Sustainability Report. We maintains a comprehensive system of quality control applying International Standard on Quality Control 1. Basis of Our Work We conducted our work in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Federation of Accountants. We planned and performed our engagement to obtain all the information and evidence which we considered necessary to form conclusions. Procedures, Scopes and Limitations of Our Work Our procedures performed included interviewing with PING AN's personnel responsible for collecting, compiling and reporting the information, analyzing the information obtained, and other procedures relevant to the collection of the appropriate evidences. Speci cally we Interviewed relevant sta responsible for providing the underlying data for the selected information, to understand the procedure of identifying stakeholders and material issues, including relevant internal control procedures. Reviewed data and supporting documents to understand the coverage of those identi ed material issues and how it is implemented at a corporate level. We only performed above assurance work at Shenzhen and Shanghai headquarters of PING AN, not including any branches and subsidiaries, we did not interview with external stakeholders. Moreover, the scope of this work does not include historical comparative data and nancial data. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixIndicator Indexes GRI Standards Index GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 102-1 Name of the organization Open(About this Report) P8GRI 102 102-2Activities, brands, products, and services GRI 102 102-3 Location of headquarters GRI 102 102-4 Location of operations GRI 102 102-5 Ownership and legal form GRI 102 102-6 Markets served GRI 102 102-7 Scale of the organization GRI 102 102-8Information on employees and other workers Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P99 GRI 102 102-9 Supply chain P85, P104 GRI 102 102-10Significant changes to the organization and its supply chainSustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chains)P85 GRI 102 102-11Precautionary principle or approachSustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management)P24-29 GRI 102 102-12 External initiativesSustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Sustainability Management System)P23 GRI 102 102-13 Membership of association GRI 102 102-14Statement from senior decision- makerOpen(Executives Statement) P7 GRI 102 102-15Key impacts, risks, and opportunitiesSustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management)P24-P29 GRI 102 102-16Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviorSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Philosophy of Sustainable Development) Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P18 P59-P60 GRI 102 102-17Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P59-P60GRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 102-18 Governance structure Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P22GRI 102 102-19 Delegating authority GRI 102 102-20Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics GRI 102 102-21Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topicsSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P19 GRI 102 102-22Composition of the highest governance body and its committeesSustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System), Refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of the Annual ReportP22 GRI 102 102-23Chair of the highest governance body Refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of the Annual Report GRI 102 102-24Nominating and selecting the highest governance body GRI 102 102-25 Conflicts of interestRefer to the Risk Management section of the Annual Report GRI 102 102-26Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P22 GRI 102 102-27Collective knowledge of highest governance body GRI 102 102-29Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts P24-P29 GRI 102 102-30Effectiveness of risk management processes Sustainable Development Strategies and Management( ESG Risk Identification and Management) GRI 102 102-31Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P20 GRI 102 102-32Highest governance body's role in sustainability reportingSustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System), Appendix (Statement of the Board of Directors)P22 P108-P109This report is prepared in accordance to GRI Standard Core option. Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixGRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 102-33 Communicating critical concernsSustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P20 GRI 102 102-34Nature and total number of critical concerns GRI 102 102-35 Remuneration policies Sustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance), Refer to the section Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees in the annual reportP58 GRI 102 102-36Process for determining remunerationRefer to the section Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees in the annual report GRI 102 102-40 List of stakeholder groups Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P19GRI 102 102-42Identifying and selecting stakeholders GRI 102 102-43Approach to stakeholder engagement GRI 102 102-44 Key topics and concerns raisedSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P20 GRI 102 102-45Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Open(About This Report) P6 GRI 102 102-46Defining report content and topic boundaries GRI 102 102-47 List of material topicsSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P20 GRI 102 102-48 Restatements of information Open(About This Report) P6GRI 102 102-49 Changes in reporting GRI 102 102-50 Reporting period GRI 102 102-51 Date of most recent report GRI 102 102-52 Reporting cycleGRI Standards Index GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 102 102-53Contact point for questions regarding the report Open(About This Report)P6 GRI 102 102-54Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI StandardsP112 GRI 102 102-55 GRI Content Index Appendix (Indicators Indexes) P112-P117 GRI 102 102-56 External assuranceAppendix (Independent Third- Party Assurance Report)P110-P111 GRI 103 103-1Explanation of the material topic and its boundarySustainable Development Strategies and Management(Analysis of Stakeholders and Core Topics)P20 GRI 103 103-2The management approach and its components Sustainable Development Strategies and Management(ESG Management System)P22-P29 GRI 103 103-3Evaluation of the management approach GRI 201 201-1Direct economic value generated and distributedOpen(Annual Awards and Recognition)P14-P15 GRI 201 201-2Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate changeSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Climate Change Strategies)P29 GRI 201 201-3Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plansSustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P58 GRI 202 202-1Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wageAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P101 GRI 203 203-1Infrastructure investments and services supportedSustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing) Feature on ResponsibilityP66-P67 P44-P53 GRI 203 203-2Significant indirect economic impactsSustainable Business and Operations (Responsible Investing; Stainable Insurance) Feature on ResponsibilityP66-P67 P71 P44-P53 GRI 205 205-1Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Sustainable Business and Operations (Transparent Corporate Governance), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P59-P60 P97 GRI 205 205-2Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 116 117 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixGRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 302 302-1Energy consumption within the organization Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P98GRI 302 302-2Energy consumption outside of the organization GRI 302 302-3 Energy intensity GRI 302 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption GRI 305 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions GRI 305 305-2Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions GRI 305 305-3Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions GRI 305 305-4 GHG emissions intensity GRI 306 306-2Waste by type and disposal method GRI 307 307-1Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulationsNo violation of environmental laws and regulations GRI 308 308-1New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteriaSustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chains), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P85, P104 GRI 401 401-1New employee hires and employee turnoverAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P101 GRI 401 401-2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesSustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P79-P82 GRI 401 401-3 Parental leave P79 GRI 404 404-1Average hours of training per year per employeeAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P102 GRI 404 404-2Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsSustainable Business and Operations (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P81GRI Standards Index GRI Indicator CategoryIndicator Name of the Indicator Corresponding Section References GRI 405 405-1Diversity of governance bodies and employeesAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P97 P99-P101 GRI 405 405-2Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to menP101 GRI 414 414-1New suppliers that were screened using social criteriaSustainable Business and Operations (Sustainable Supply Chain), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P85, P104GRI Standards Index 118 119 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixESG Content Index of HKEX ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References E NVIRONMENT A1 EmissionsInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non- hazardous wasteSustainable Development Business and Operations(Green Operation)P86-P88 A1. 1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data Appendix (Annual Key Performance) P98A1. 2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) A1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Not applicable A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Appendix (Annual Key Performance) A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themFeature on Responsibility (Green Finance for Sustainable Development)P38-P43 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themSustainable Development Business and Operations(Green Operation)P86-P87 A2 Use of ResourcesGeneral Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials A2. 1 Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in 000s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P98 A2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility) A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them Sustainable Business and Operations (Green Operation)P86-P87A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes), and if applicable, with reference to per unit producedNot applicable A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesGeneral Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer s significant impacts on the environment and natural resourcesFeature on Responsibility (Green Finance for Sustainable Development) Sustainable Business and Operations(Green Operation)P38-P43 P86-P87 A3. 1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate- related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuerSustainable Development Strategies and Management(Climate Change Strategies)P29 A4. 1 Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuerESG Content Index of HKEX ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References SOCIETYB1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfareSustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P79-P82 B1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age group and geographical region Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P99-P100 B1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical regionP101 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardsSustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P79-P82 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting yearAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P102 B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitoredSustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P82 B3 Development and TrainingGeneral Disclosure Policies on improving employees knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activitiesP80 B3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management) Appendix (Annual Key Performance)P102 B3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category Appendix (Annual Key Performance) B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labourSustainable Business and Operations(Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents)P79 B4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour B4. 2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered B5 Supply Chain ManagementGeneral Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain Sustainable Business and Operations(Product Liability and Customer Protection)P85 B5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region P104 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitoredP85, P104 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored P85 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored 120 121 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations AppendixSASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Index Included Insurance Commercial Banks Asset Management & Custody Activities) ESG Indicators Corresponding Section References SOCIETYB6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redressSustainable business and operating (Responsible of product customer protection)P72-P73 B6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasonsNot applicable B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt withSustainable Business and Operations(Product Liability and Customer Protection)P72-P77 B6. 3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rightsSustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P61 B6. 4 Description of quality assurance process and recall proceduresNot applicable B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitoredSustainable Business and Operations(Information Security and AI Governance)P77-P78 B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money launderingSustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P59-P61 B7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the casesRefer to China Judgements Online B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle- blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitoredSustainable Business and Operations(Transparent Corporate Governance)P60 B7. 3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staffAppendix (Annual Key Performance)P97 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interestsSustainable Business and Operations( Community Impact), Feature on Sustainability (Focusing on Rural Revitalization, Boosting Common Proseperity)P89-P93 B8. 1 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport) P89-P93 P44-P53 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus areaCode Accounting Metric Corresponding Section References FN-IN-270a. Discussion of products and or product features that incentivize health, safety, and or environmentally responsible actions and or behaviorsP70-P71 FN-IN-450a. Description of approach to incorporation of environmental risks into (1) the underwriting process for individual contracts and (2) the management of firm-level risks and capital adequacyGreen Finance for Sustainable DevelopmentP24-P29 FN-IN-550a. Amount of assets under management, by asset class, that employ (1) integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability themed investing, and (3) screening P106-P107ESG Content Index of HKEX 122 123 Ping An 2021 Sustainability Report Opening Sustainable Development Strategies and Management Feature on Responsibility Sustainable Business and Operations Appendix Feedback Thank y ou for y our support for the impr ove- ment of our c orpor ate sustainability pr actic- es. cn Telephone 9551 1In order to provide yo u and other stak eholders with professional and v aluable sustainability information and further impr ove the quality of our sustainability r eporting, please give us y our feedback and co mments r egarding the questions in the feedback form belo w thro ugh following channels By mail (Please write sustainability r eport feedback on the en velope.) By email (Please label the subject sustainability report feedback.) By Telephone Are you pleased with this r eport? Does this r eport pr ovide enough disclosur e regarding the issues that y ou ar e inte rested in? Your information Name Position Fax Compan y Telephone Email Feedback CODE ACCOUNTING METRIC Corresponding report section Reference FN-AC-410a. Description of whistleblower policies and proceduresSustainable Business and Operations (Transparent Corporate Governance)P60 Ping An Insura nce (Group) Compan y of China, Lt d. Yitan Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Ping An Financial Cen ter Postal Code 518048 Telephone 400 5566 338 Customer service hotline 9551 1 For mor e information atThis report is prin ted on recycled paper Ping An We ibo weibo. About the report Organizational scope This report covers the economic, social and environmental performance of China Petrochemical Corporation ( Sinopec, the company or we ) and its subsidiaries. Time range From January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 (including some content that is beyond the range). This is the 15th CSR report released by the company. References United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council Guiding Opinions on Better Performance of Corporate Social Responsibility by State-owned Enterprises Chinese Academy of Social Sciences China Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting Guidelines 4. 0 Petrochemical Industry (CASS-CSR4. 0) China Business Council for Sustainable Development Recommended Standards and Implementation Examples of Corporate Social Responsibility in China Info source The information and data used in this report comes from the company's official documents and statistical reports. The financial data in the report is in RMB unless otherwise stated. Report rating Sinopec's 2021 CSR Report was rated as a five-star-plus report, the highest level, by the China Corporate Social Responsibility Report Rating Expert Committee. com FSC ECF 2019 126735 2019 2013 2014 2015 2010 2011 2012 2007 2008 2009 2020 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation03 02 About the report Message from the Chairman About usCONTENTS Serving the overall development through tax payment Protecting lives and health through pandemic response Improving people's wellbeing through public welfare and charity Working on production capacity to promote economic development Safe and environment-friendly products to protect the earth Local employment enhances cultural fusion Community co-construction builds a bridge of friendship Responsible organizations for improving governance system Responsibility integration for deepening responsibility fulfillment Responsibility communication for shaping the brand imageHighlight 1 Empowering the green Winter Olympics to achieve the ice and snow dreams Highlight 2 Continuing rural revitalization and supporting common prosperityBetter life and improvement of people's wellbeing Opening-up to build a better world together Effective management consolidates the foundation of sustainable development02 06 09Future prospects Appendix106 108 76 76 78 88 92 94 95 101 102 10374 86 9812 18Energy transformation to ensure energy supply Promoting modern chemical industry with premium materials Nurturing momentum for innovation-driven development Production and operation with safety and stabilityCleaner energy serves people's demand for a better life 24 28 32 34 37 Feature Develop the layout of the hydrogen energy industry chain to establish a clean and low-carbon energy system40 Feature The Gas Station That Cares - A Better Road Home through 10-year dedication84 Feature Join hands to build a better Hong Kong based on the Belt and Road Initiative 96 Feature Strengthening ESG management and information disclosure to highlight the image of Sinopec as a responsible enterprise104Managing the environment to consolidate the foundation for environmental protection Pursuing clean production to build green enterprises Saving energy and reducing carbon emissions to tackle climate change Protecting the ecology to build a better worldEnvironmental protection efforts promote green development 44 46 51 5442 Feature First million-tonne CCUS project helps realize carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals56 Delivering employee value through talent development Improving the customer experience through brand leadership Jointly building an industrial chain to boost industrial developmentCreditable cooperation with partners for higher value 60 64 6758 Feature Working for comprehensive energy service station to meet customers' diverse needs72Key performances Index Report rating Feedback108 110 112 113 Message from the Chairman The year 2021 marked the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China, the historical meeting point of the two centenary goals, and the first year of the 14th Five-Year Plan. During the year, Sinopec followed the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era; and was enriched by the spirit of founding the Party; fully, accurately and comprehensively implemented the new development concept; served in the construction of a new development pattern; implemented the world's leading development strategy; carried out the three core responsibilities; focused on driving high-quality development; deepened the comprehensive and strict governance of the Party; overcame many difficulties; fought a series of tough battles; and handed in an impressive report card in the iconic year. We have implemented the new energy security strategy, boosted the energy revolution, and secured our energy exploration core technologies. We have also implemented the Seven-Year Action Plan for oil and gas exploration and development; taken the initiative to shoulder responsibilities, act and achieve breakthroughs in exploration, steady growth in crude oil, and leap development in natural gas. Also, as Sinopec aims to be China's No. 1 Hydrogen Energy Company, it is steadily developing clean energy such as shale gas, geothermal, photovoltaic and wind energy, and helping build a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient multi-energy supply system. Its annual hydrogen production capacity now exceeds 3. 5 million tonnes, accounting for about 14 of the national total. Sinopec has also participated in international energy cooperation, strengthened international trade, allocated resources on a global basis, and improved its adjustment and supply ability to secure the bottom line during critical periods. We are optimizing the refining process and strengthening the chemicalization process; leading the process of from oil products to chemical products; and building large-scale, intelligent and integrated world-class refining and chemical bases. In 2021, the first phase of the Zhenhai base in Zhejiang was completed, and the Fujian Gulei refining and chemical integrated project was put into operation. In 2021, our independently developed special material for antibacterial meltblown fabric was used in the production of masks, and our independently developed and produced carbon fiber was used in the Flying torch of the Winter Olympics. In line with the general trend of transportation energy transformation, we are accelerating the transformation to a comprehensive energy service provider of oil, gas and hydrogen power services to meet the diverse needs of consumers. We are committed to independent innovation, strengthening key and core technology research, and aiming to become a national strategic scientific and technological force. With our focus on the bottlenecks in the oil, natural gas and basic raw material fields, we coordinate the advancement of research in frontier sectors and industrialization technology research; and drive the research and development of high-end materials and special equipment that are needed by the country; and aim to achieve independent and controllable development of key core technologies. In 2021, seven projects of Sinopec won the National Science and Technology Awards. Separately, guided by high-quality development, focusing on industrial upgrading and quality and efficiency improvement, Sinopec drives industrial intelligence upgrading and digital transformation to create advantages in industrial competition. By the end of 2021, the construction of Sinopec's smart oil fields, smart factories, smart gas stations, smart research institutes, and smart operation centers had taken shape. We are boosting the cleanliness of fossil energy; the scale of clean energy and the low-carbon production process; moving towards net zero emissions; and helping achieve carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. We are promoting the Green Enterprise Action Plan, and 104 of our enterprises have qualified for the green enterprise standard. We are continuing the Energy Efficiency Improvement plan and achieved energy saving of 967, 000 tonnes of standard coal, equivalent to reduction of 2. 38 million tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions in 2021. To date, we have completed China's first million-tonne CCUS (carbon dioxide capture, utilization and storage) project -- Qilu Petrochemical - Shengli Oilfield CCUS Project, which can reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 1 million tonnes per year after it is put into operation. In 2021, our carbon trading volume reached 9. 7 million tonnes, with a transaction value of 414 million yuan. A total of 192 million yuan was invested in rural assistance during the year; 940 full-time assistance personnel were dispatched to villages through the Sinopec Group; and 1. 04 billion yuan in rural consumption assistance was provided. For 18 consecutive years, the Sinopec Brightness health express project has been implemented; and more than 50, 000 poverty-stricken cataract patients have been treated for free. For 10 consecutive years, the Love Station public welfare project has served more than 4. 4 million homebound motorcycle riders and 55 million homebound people during the Spring Festival holidays. In line with economic globalization and China's opening-up to the world, we have accelerated the pace of going global; have served the Belt and Road Initiative; and give full play to our competitiveness in oil and gas exploration and development, petroleum and petrochemical engineering technical services, oil and chemicals, equipment and materials trade, and storage investment and other fields; carry out mutually beneficial cooperation with many countries and regions; and serve the sustainable development of the global economy and society. We are also embarking on a new journey and working to write a new chapter in our story. The year 2022 is an important year to enter a new journey towards building a modern socialist country in an all-round way; and to march towards the second centenary goal. It is a state-owned company solely funded by the country. It is also an institution authorized by the state to make investments and is a state-owned holding company. The company, headquartered in Beijing, has businesses in 66 countries and regions around the world with 593, 000 employees. The Sinopec pursues the mission of Cleaner Energy for Better Life, by fulfilling its social responsibilities and striving to realize the vision of building a World- Leading Clean Energy and Chemical Company. No. 5 on the 2021 Fortune Global 500 list No. 1 worldwide in oil refining capacity No. 4 worldwide in ethylene production capacity No. 2 worldwide in aromatic hydrocarbon production capacity No. 2 worldwide in synthetic rubber production capacityTotal assets RMB 2, 418. 1 billion Operating revenue RMB 2, 789. 5 billion Taxes and fees paid RMB 341. 8 billion Number of employees 593, 000Businesses in 66 countries and regions across the world No. 1 worldwide in synthetic resin production capacityIn 2021 Corporate governanceBoard of directors and special committees China Petrochemical Corporation established a normative board of directors in April 2012. As the company's decision-making body, the board of directors reports to the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), accepts the guidance and supervision of the SASAC, and performs its duties in accordance with legal procedures and the company's articles of association for the purpose of safeguarding the interests of investors and realizing the value maintenance and appreciation of state-owned assets. The board of directors consists of 9 directors, namely a chairman, a general manager, a deputy secretary of the Party group, 5 external directors and an employee director. The board of directors has set up five special committees, namely the Strategy and Investment Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit and Risk Committee, and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, to provide consultation and suggestions for its decision-making. The 2021 version of the Sinopec Integrity and Compliance Management Manual was released, and 8 sets of compliance management directives and specifications were developed. The company's leadership team set an example and took the lead in demonstrating compliance management commitments. More than 420, 000 cadres and employees completed compliance management training and signed compliance commitments. Risk prevention and control Risk management Revise the Comprehensive Risk Management Measures; improve the risk management system; and ensure that there are rules and laws to abide by for risk prevention and control. Business disclosure Pay close attention to key areas; carry out special inspections of key construction projects; revise and improve more than 20 relevant systems and regulations; strengthen online supervision of business disclosure; regularly investigate, analyze, classify and deal with doubtful issues. Internal control Develop the Detailed Rules for Sinopec Capital's Internal Control Supervision and Management (Trial) and Guiding Opinions on the Division of Powers between the Representative and the General Manager in a Sub-company; and revise the 2022 Internal Control Manual to stress the risk- and problem-oriented control. Internal audit Build a centralized, unified, comprehensive, authoritative and efficient audit supervision system; clarify the border between the overall management by the audit department and the professional process of the audit center; issue the Opinions on Establishing and Improving a Long-term Audit Rectification Mechanism; and set up a linkage mechanism between the audit problem rectification and the Party building assessment. Legal review rate (legal review of corporate rules and regulations, economic contracts, and major decisions) ( ) 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation11 10 The bidding and hosting of the Beijing Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games was a major strategic deployment made by the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core. As the official partner of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, Sinopec was proud to serve, adhering to the theme of Clean Energy for the Winter Olympics; actively meeting energy supply requirements; providing material security; volunteer services and other aspects of work; and contributing to the hosting of an extraordinary and outstanding Olympic event. Supplying clean energy for a Green Olympics As an enterprise partnered with both the 2008 and 2022 Olympic Games, Sinopec strictly followed the requirements of a Green Olympics put forward by President Xi Jinping. We were committed to green and clean development, and continuously providing clean energy for the construction of Winter Olympics infrastructure and events, so a Green Winter Olympics can be held. Integrated energy services Sinopec provided comprehensive guarantees in terms of oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity and services to ensure the supply of the Winter Olympics. In order to ensure proper oil and gas supply during the Winter Olympic Games, Sinopec's Beijing Petroleum Co. deployed 30 oil products supply stations; 5 gas refueling stations and 3 hydrogen refueling stations in Beijing; and Hebei Petroleum Co. deployed 19 oil products stations and 1 hydrogen refueling station in Hebei. At the same time, the service stations were monitored 24 7, and according to the inventory capacity, traffic roads and other conditions, a distribution plan was formulated in advance to ensure a stable supply of oil products. Clean oil products supply In November 2020, Sinopec launched a new generation of environmentally-friendly high-specification gasoline X-Power series, which could effectively remove and inhibit carbon deposits and take care of car engines. The stations saw refueling 33 times and approximately 45, 000 liters of fuel supplied as of 17 February 2022. After using Beijing 6B standard oil, gasoline vehicle particulate emissions can be reduced by 20 to 30; hydrocarbons can be reduced by 10 to 15; carbon monoxide can be reduced by 6 to 10; diesel vehicle particulate emissions can be reduced by 20, and nitrogen oxides can be reduced by 10, contributing blue skies and cleaner water in Beijing. The Great Wall Lubricant launched a series of lubricant products for new energy vehicles and a series of lubricant-related products such as GB6 motor oil with an environment-friendly formula; a cold zone lubricant; new energy gear oil and a multi- effective antifreeze FD series, etc. Hydrogen supply In March 2020, Sinopec Yanshan's Beijing Winter Olympic Games hydrogen supply project was put into operation, with a hydrogen purity of 99. 999. Here, 197 trucks and 45. 9 tonnes of hydrogen were delivered from January 25 to February 20, 2022, ensuring hydrogen supply to the main cauldron and hydrogen refueling stations. Sinopec Yanshan's Beijing Winter Olympic Games hydrogen supply project The employee of Sinopec Yanhua Xinglong Hydrogen Refueling Station refueled hydrogen for fuel cell vehicles in Beijing Winter Olympic Games Empowering the green Winter Olympics to achieve the ice and snow dreamsHighlight 1 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation13 12 New materials R&D contribute to the technology- empowered OlympicsSinopec made contributions as the official oil and gas partner of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, and explored new materials by leveraging its strengths in the main businesses; and contributing scientific and technological power to the Winter Olympic Games. The uniforms were 40 lighter and kept athletes warm. Donghai asphalt was used to pave to the important transportation projects for the Winter Olympics, such as the Daxing-Yanqing Expressway, Daxing Airport Expressway and Beijing-Chongli Expressway. On February 4, 2022, the main Olympic torch, powered by hydrogen from Sinopec, was officially lit and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games openedFire Display Event at Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games The shell of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Torch Flying Ribbon was made of carbon fiber composite material developed by SPC, and the fuel was hydrogen gas produced and supplied by Yanshan Petrochemical Promoting Winter Olympics culture to support hosting an open Olympics Sinopec responded to the call of the CPC Central Committee to drive 300 million people to participate in winter sports, and was committed to spreading the culture of the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games; popularizing winter sports knowledge; promoting winter sports and carrying forward the Olympic spirit. Building Winter Olympics theme filling stations In 2021, Sinopec joined hands with Panasonic to build the first Winter Olympics demonstration shop. Then, 50 filling stations around the competition venues in Beijing, Yanqing and Chongli were transformed into Winter Olympics theme stations to create a Winter Olympics atmosphere. Over 2. 6 million Winter Olympics commemorative refueling cards were issued. More than 200 retail shops were built through Easy Joy convenience stores to sell Winter Olympics licensed goods, including Winter Olympics licensed commemorative badges, stationery, and bags. Through these measures, Sinopec promoted the Winter Olympics culture, attracted public attention to winter sports and promoted the development of the industry. The two sides also built Winter Olympic Car Care Centers in Beijing and Zhangjiakou to provide international and high-end comprehensive car care services in the visual style of the Winter Olympics, and jointly built an important window to promote the culture of the Winter Olympics and corporate culture. Sinopec's first Winter Olympics-themed gas station - the third gas station of Chongli of Hebei Zhangjiakou Petroleum Co. set up a special area for Winter Olympics licensed goods Sinopec Guiyang Petroleum built 2 winter Olympic-themed Etsy stores Airport & Baoshan 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation15 14 Carrying out Winter Olympics themed activities In July 2021, Sinopec and the Beijing Winter Olympics Organizing Committee jointly organized the Beijing Winter Olympics Partner Club Activity with the theme of Powering for the Brilliant in Beijing, where seven Clean Power Teams made a collective appearance, and the Clean Power Team song Winter Dreams was released. The event also included the Honorary Team Leader Award Ceremony and the launch of the Easy Joy Ice and Snow Carnival PLUS program to spread winter sports culture and empower a Green Winter Olympics. The Easy Joy Ice and Snow Carnival PLUS plan - that is, the integration of partner channel advantages, with 100 flagship stores and 1, 000 Easy Joy stores linkage area sales, to spread the culture of ice and snow, and jointly create a new business cooperation ecology. Extended reading Spreading the culture of the Winter Olympics through multiple platforms Sinopec spread the Winter Olympics culture and brand image in an all-round and three-dimensional way to enhance public attention and participation in the Winter Olympics. In September 2021, the Sinopec Fuxing Hao Winter Olympic high-speed train G2481 departed from Beijing North Station for the first time, incorporating plenty of Olympic and Sinopec elements in the carriage. In January 2022, the Olympic Culture Exhibition was held at Sinopec's headquarters. From January to March 2022, Sinopec placed advertisements on Beijing Subway lines 2, 5, 6 and 10, and placed advertisements for sub-brand products used in Winter Olympics on 338 buses in Beijing. The conductor of Fuxing G2481 introduced Sinopec brand and Winter Olympics ice cultureInnovative philanthropic Activities to share the Olympic passion Sinopec combined education support with sports events, and innovative Winter Olympic philanthropic activities, dedicated to helping children in poverty-stricken areas learn about the Olympics; feel the charm of the Olympics, and realize Olympic dreams. The camp lasted for 5 days and 35 young campers from Dongxiang County in Gansu and Bangor County in Tibet came to Beijing to experience winter sports; visit the Winter Olympics Exhibition Hall and scenic spots; feel the Dual Olympic City; and start the journey of fulfilling their dreams. In December, the first sponsorship showcase for the Beijing Winter Olympic flame was held in Beijing. In May 2021, Sinopec's Light Up Hope Beijing Experience Camp was officially openedSinopec's Clean Cheerleaders - Beijing Petroleum Branch inauguration ceremony Sinopec's service memorabilia for the Winter Olympics 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation17 16 General Secretary Xi Jinping once said The prerequisite for rural revitalization is to consolidate the results of poverty eradication, and we should further our effort so that the people who have escaped from poverty can have better living standards. After the victory of poverty eradication, we cannot leave it be. Releasing the assistance plan and connecting the strategy with rural realityIn March 2021, Sinopec took the lead in releasing the 14th Five- Year Plan for Rural Revitalization. We promised that during the 14th Five-Year Plan period, we will achieve two not less and three not reduce. This will be specially for the key poverty reduction counties in western regions that are under harsh natural environment; poor basic conditions; and facing difficulties in consolidating the results of poverty eradication and implementing the rural revitalization strategy. In the process of promotion, we will combine the company's ability and local needs, and explore the mode of assisting rural revitalization with the characteristics of central enterprises. Sinopec rural revitalization overviewAwarded the title of National Advanced Group in Poverty Alleviation by the State Council of the CPC Central Committee Focusing on One County, One Chain Multi-dimensional Enhancement of Agricultural Products Quality Value was awarded the National Development and Reform Commission's Excellent Cases of National Consumption Assistance to Rural Revitalization in 2021, and was invited to participate in the formation of the Key Enterprise Alliance of Consumption Assistance to Rural Revitalization as one of the initiators; included in China Poverty Alleviation and Development Yearbook 2021 Industry Consumption characteristic support model was awarded Excellent Case of Rural Revitalization Practice of Beijing Listed Companies Sinopec has been appraised as good for four consecutive years since the assessment of the state-owned companies' performance of targeted assistance Supporting the one county, one chain to create a characteristic industryBased on the resources of the eight targeted support counties, Sinopec helps each county to build a high-quality agricultural industry chain with a certain scale; cultivates a number of products with market competitiveness; and enhances the specialization, scale, integration and intensification of the rural industries. The One county, one chain industry direction is clearly defined for quinoa produced in Dongxiang County; gray dates in Yopurga County Sunshine Bazaar; tea in Yuexi County; and roasted duck eggs in Yingxiang County, ponkan in Luxi County, kiwi in Fenghuang County, yak meat products Baingoin County and agricultural and livestock products in Zeku County, while Dongxiang quinoa and Yuexi Turquoise Blue tea are taken as the One county, one chain demonstration projects, which are promoted to facilitate local economic development. Sinopec rural revitalization deliverables (2021) Undertook the task of assisting 8 counties and 616 villages Invested 140 million yuan of funds in fixed-point assistance Invested 51. 54 million yuan in aids for Tibet and Qinghai The system sent 355 teams to the villages The company dispatched 940 full-time village- based support workers 37, 524 grassroots workers were trained in supported counties Completed 1. 04 billion yuan in consumption supportRural revitalization work performance. Honors received on the rural revitalization work Pairing assistance and targeted support for countiesDistinctive support model Focus on the development of three aspects-industry, education, and consumption Create three distinctive brands of Sinopec to assist rural revitalization Baingoin County, Tibet Autonomous Region Zeku County, Qinghai Autonomous Region Dongxiang Autonomous County, Gansu Province Yopurga County, Xinjiang Autonomous Region Fenghuang County, Luxi County, Hunan Province Yuexi County and Yingshang County, Anhui Province Sinopec has given full play to its advantages and introduced external professional resources to assist Dongxiang County plan and build a quinoa industrial park; carry out deep processing of quinoa; promote the extension of the industrial chain; and continue to expand its assistance. The total investment was 134. 5 million yuan, covered an area of 67 mu; and took in 128 people for work. After the completion of the industrial park, the research and production of cookies, cereal bars, meal replacement powder and other high value-added products was expected to reach an annual output value up to 500 million yuan, boosting the value chain of the quinoa industry to the middle and high end and gradually forming the scale of the whole industrial chain. In addition, Sinopec plays its expertise to improve the branding and product value of Dongxiang quinoa from industrialized elements such as quinoa processing, packaging, sales and branding, and distributes it through channels such as Easy Joy physical retail platform, e-commerce platform and low-cost logistics platform to open up external sales channels of Dongxiang quinoa and help Dongxiang quinoa form industrialization and scale merit rapidly. Case study Dedicated to assisting Dongxiang in developing quinoa industry Continuing rural revitalization and supporting common prosperityHighlight 2 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation19 18 Kiwifruit harvest in Fenghuang County, Hunan ProvinceSinopec is utilizing its brand, platform, and channel advantages to promote the formation of a large tea corporate champion-Anhui Yuexi Turquoise Blue Investment Development Corporation. And we have integrated production, processing, brand marketing, tea tourism, science, and technology services, and management and development since September 2021. With the integration of tea resources, 12 tea enterprises joined efforts, accounting for 12, 000 mu of tea plantations in the county; 5 tea production and processing plants were optimized and upgraded, and the production of Yuexi Turquoise Blue was promoted. Also, the Luo Yuan Chang Yuexi Turquoise Blue brand was promoted from a professional perspective. Separately, three product background stories were created. As part of promoting the tea industry in the area, Sinopec is driving the work of the Yuexi Turquoise Blue Tea Industrial Park, which includes the construction of an ecological tea garden demonstration area; a refined tea processing plant; a deep processing workshop; a tea industry research center; a tea culture museum; a tea culture experience museum and tea culture leisure lodging, through the integration of three industries, driving tea industry into the track of modern agricultural development. Case study Boosting the upgrade of tea industry and creating Yuexi Turquoise Blue brand Quinoa harvest in Dongxiang Autonomous County, Gansu Province Xinjiang's Yopurga County has a crop of gray dates The Anhui Yuexi Turquoise Blue Tea Industrial Park 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation21 20 Coordinating the input of resources to improve the quality of educational supportSinopec insists on nurturing people for the Party and nurturing talents for the country. With a high-quality school at the doorstep of farmers' as the main line; and following methods such as overall planning, systematic promotion and comprehensive efforts, we work to improve both hardware and software, as well as to support the campus, teachers, and students. A special five-year plan was drawn up to support education. Relying on 28, 000 Easy Joy convenience stores; the staff group purchase network; refueling Sinopec; and other online and offline retail channels, the company has increased the promotion of agricultural specialties in the supported areas, encouraged affiliated companies to purchase One county, one chain specialties; and organized 108 directly affiliated companies to participate in poverty relief projects through consumption. In 2021, the company helped sell 631 million yuan of poverty relief goods and helped purchase 409 million yuan worth of poverty relief goods. At present, 1, 710 products from 23 provinces, 146 poverty-alleviated counties are included in the Sinopec Consumption Supported Products Catalogue. The 37 schools have completed the first round of hardware renovation. The school, with a total investment of 248 million yuan and 70 million yuan invested by Sinopec, occupies an area of 50, 150 square meters. The first batch comprised 800 first-year students and 16 teaching classes, and was then the best-equipped school in the county. Sinopec also cooperates with Beijing Normal University in education, relying on high-quality education and teaching resources, and employs a management team and a principal. Dongxiang County Petrochemical High School was assisted comprehensively in terms of its teaching quality. Case study Dongxiang County Petrochemical Middle School was officially put into useWidening distribution channels and leveraging various ways to support the industrySinopec has taken advantage of its strengths to innovate its work model and improve the effect of its support by focusing on new ideas of consumption assistance. Sinopec has allocated 1. 2 million yuan for the training of talents in the six designated support counties; ensuring that the full amount is available and dedicated. With the one county, one chain concept of industry; and to meet the application-oriented talent training needs of leaders of ethnic minority industries, training institutions at all levels within the system were mobilized to match teachers and develop courses. Also, Sinopec conducted special training courses for management of rural revitalization to interpret policies and analyze key points; and further improve the professional proficiency of rural revitalization cadres. By 2021, 8, 523 rural grassroots cadres; 25, 059 technicians; and 3, 942 rural revitalization leaders were trained. At the same time, offline marketing activities for key commodities of support were organized. Case study Take advantage of Easy Joy distribution channel to drive sales of agricultural products Increased investment in educational soft power. Many measures were adopted to take care of the students. companies donated a total of 130, 000 books to Dongxiang County Petrochemical Middle School and other schools and tailored 579 students' winter uniforms. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation23 22 Cleaner energy serves people's demand for a better life During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, China will basically build an institutional framework for green and low-carbon energy development and a regulatory system with complete policies and standards; establishing a green and low- carbon energy transition mechanism led by the dual control of energy consumption and non-fossil energy targets. Opinions on Improving Institutional Mechanisms and Policy Measures for Green and Low-Carbon Energy Transition SDGsGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 28 32 34 37 40Energy transformation to ensure energy supply Promoting modern chemical industry with premium materials Nurturing momentum for innovation-driven development Production and operation with safety and stability Feature Develop the layout of the hydrogen energy industry chain to establish a clean and low-carbon energy system 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation25 24 Sinopec is focused on securing national energy security by holding the people's rice bowl firmly in its hands, and making contributions in ensuring economic and social development. It has followed the trend of energy transformation and has accelerated the development of the industrial layout of One Foundation, Two Wings and Three News for future growth. Besides, Sinopec is focused on the complete industry chain, such as oil and gas exploration and development; oil refining production and operation; chemical production and operation; marketing of products and services; and international operations and engineering technology services of petroleum refining. It has also guaranteed the supply of energy and basic raw materials in all aspects; generating high-quality leads in the development of the petrochemical industry; and providing a better life with high-quality services. Conventional oil and gas and chemical products supply (2021)Sinopec registered 10 major oil and gas exploration discoveries in the year, adding proved reserves of 167 million tonnes of petroleum and 268. 1 billion cubic meters of natural gas, beating the annual target specified in the Seven-Year Action Plan. In June, the first-phase of the Sinopec Zhenhai Base was completed in Zhenhai, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, making it the petrochemical industry base with the shortest construction period, the highest degree of localization and the widest digital application in China. In August, the Gulei refining and chemical integration project in Zhangzhou, Fujian province was put into operation. In December, the main project of Tianjin LNG Terminal, China's first LNG terminal with double berths, was officially put into operation. It increased the handling capacity from 6 million to 10. 8 million tonnes per annum. In December, Sinopec completed the Beijing 6B oil product replacement required by the Beijing Municipal Government 55 days ahead of schedule. It has more than 500 gas stations and 5 oil depots. Beijing 6B gasoline and diesel is now supplied here, playing a positive role in improving the air quality in the capital. On December 25, the daily supply of natural gas reached a new record of 241 million cubic meters. In 2021 The crude oil output in China 35. 15 million tonnes The natural gas output in China 33. 9 billion cubic meters, with a year-on-year increase of 12 The overseas equity of oil and gas equivalent 36. 43 million tonnesThe amount of crude oil 255. 28 million tonnes The average scale of a refinery 9. 905 million tonnes year Comprehensive supporting capacity of oil refining 287 million tonnes year Refined oil output 146 million tonnes Refined oil sales volume 171. 31 million tonnes (excluding Hong Kong) The export volume of refined oil 14. 68 million tonnes Sinopec gas stations 30, 725 Operating volume of gas 5. 26 billion cubic metersOil salesEthylene output 13. 38 million tonnes p-xylene output 5. 26 million tonnes Synthetic resin output 19. 1 million tonnes Synthetic rubber output 1. 25 million tonnes Synthetic fiber and polymer output 4. 64 million tonnes Fine chemicals output 590, 000 tonnes Sinopec's top ten oil and gas exploration discoveriesOil refining Chemical industryOil and gas 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation27 26 Energy transformation to ensure energy supply Sinopec has been involved in the development of cleaner energy such as shale gas, coalbed methane (CBM), geothermal energy, hydrogen energy, photovoltaics (PV), and wind power; has promoted the use of biomass energy such as aviation biofuel and biodiesel; and accelerated the construction of a convenient, efficient and moderately advanced charging and battery swapping network. It has further increased the proportion of cleaner energy and renewable energy supply; and established a pattern of coordinated development of oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity and services, with the aim of providing high-quality ecological products to consumers. Sinopec's Fuling Shale Gas Field, the first major shale gas field in China, is located in the Fuling District of Chongqing City and is one of the key gas sources of China's Sichuan-East Gas Pipeline and a foundation of Sinopec's promotion of gas popularization in the Yangtze River Economic Belt. In 2021, Sinopec spared no effort to speed up the operation of new wells. It has a daily gas production of 23 million cubic meters and can meet the gas demands of more than 46 million households. The gas field went into operation in March 2017 as scheduled with an annual production capacity of 10 billion cubic meters. And the cumulative gas production has exceeded 20 billion cubic meters, 30 billion cubic meters and 40 billion cubic meters respectively in 2018, 2020 and 2021, which shows the big strides made in the production process. In 2021, the proved reserves of natural gas increased by 104. 883 billion cubic meters; and the cumulative proved reserves were nearly 900 billion cubic meters, accounting for 33 of the proven reserves of shale gas in the country. Case study Annual output of Sinopec's Fuling shale gas field breaks a new record of 8 billion cubic meters Added production capacity of 3. 4 billion cubic meters. Shale gas Optimizing the capacity of the Yanchuan South CBM Field. CBM Charging (battery swapping) station and battery packA total of 1, 322 charging stations, 4, 867 charging columns are in service along with 83 battery swapping stations. Hydrogen energy Completed 1, 351 distributed PV power stations in total Installed capacity of 43. 8 MW. Baishui 20MW agricultural light complementary PV power generation project cumulatively generated 126. 92 million kWh. Output of low-sulfur marine heavy fuel oil increased by 45. 9 year on year. Biodiesel The Sinopec-Anhui coal chemical project won the gold medal of the National Quality Engineering Award in 2020-2021. The commencement ceremony of the site formation works was held for the 200, 000 t a polyglycolic acid project of Sinopec Changcheng Energy Chemical (Guizhou) Co., Ltd. Coal chemicalLow-sulfur marine fuel oil 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation29 28 In April 2021, Sinopec Chaoying Station, the world's first fully intelligent power exchange station jointly built by Sinopec and NIO, was officially put into operation. This station also played the role of a gas station, providing both new energy and traditional energy. The station uses the second-generation swap station technology developed by NIO. It has 13 battery reserves and can provide power services up to 312 times a day. It takes 4 minutes and 30 seconds each time, which is convenient and efficient as it offers automatic parking and a battery exchange. Users can complete the process of parking and battery exchange with the press of a button in the car. With more than 30, 000 gas stations across the country, Sinopec is in a good space to lead the charging business; explores the power exchange mode; and it plans to own 5, 000 power swap stations by 2025. In recent years, Sinopec has improved its geothermal heating capacity, by establishing the Xiongxian model for geothermal energy development in 2014. In 2017, Xiongxian became the first geothermal city in the country. In July 2021, the Xiongxian geothermal heating project was listed in the global promotion directory of the International Renewable Energy Agency. In the winter of the same year, Sinopec launched geothermal heating services in Hebei, Shaanxi and Shandong provinces to meet the demand for clean energy heating in northern China. The services cover an area of 68 million square meters in northern China, satisfying the demand of more than 800, 000 households. Case study Sinopec has become the world's largest geothermal district heating company In December 2021, Sinopec's first onshore wind power project - the Shaanxi Dali Onshore Distributed Wind Power Project - connected to the power grid, achieving a breakthrough in the field of wind power generation. With a total investment of 151 million yuan, the project has a total installed capacity of 20 MW. Besides, the annual on- grid power is about 42. 86 million kWh, which can meet the demand of more than 20, 000 households, reducing the use of 13, 600 tonnes of standard coal and preventing 35, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions annually. The photovoltaic power generation project of Shengli Power Plant has a total installed capacity of 37MW (an area equivalent to about 65 football fields), an annual power generation capacity of 50 million kWh, and a carbon emission reduction of 52, 000 tonnes. The project guarantees the development of new energy in the oilfield; supports the green nod to commence shale gas exploration; and plays a vital role in the environmental protection of the whole region. In 2021, the installed capacity of photovoltaic power generation reached 100MW with an increase of the annual power generation capacity of 120 million kWh. Besides, carbon emissions were reduced by 104, 000 tonnes, which is a major step towards achieving carbon neutrality. Case study Sinopec's first onshore wind power project has gone into operation, providing clean power for 20, 000 households Case study Sinopec's largest photovoltaic power generation project -- Grid-Connected 37MW Photovoltaic Shengli Power Plant The Sinopec Shengli Power Plant Photovoltaic Power Generation ProjectCase study The world's first fully intelligent power swap station by Sinopec 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation31 30 Promoting modern chemical industry with premium materials Sinopec has made all-around efforts to develop premium materials and improve the research and development of high- end polyolefin materials; and advanced technology for the synthesis of fine chemicals and plastic processing. It has developed special fibers, resins, high- performance rubber and other products; and promoted degradable materials such as polyglycolic acid (PGA) and PBAT. In addition, it has combined the production, marketing, research and application of medical, health and photovoltaic materials to improve innovation and core competitiveness. Modern chemical industry profile (Abstract) Sinopec has taken the lead in developing special materials for polyethylene thermoplastic elastomer (TPE) films; and antibacterial and antivirus meltblown cloth has been used to mask production. Sinopec has also developed synthesis technology for medical PGA, with independent intellectual property rights. The PGA performance matches that of imported products. And the absorbable suture samples were prepared after a biocompatibility evaluation performed by a third party. It has realized the industrial production of degradable polyester PBAT which was applied to film bags, packaging materials and other fields. The overall technology matches advanced international levels, and some technologies are world leaders. Carbon fiber, known as the king of new materials and black gold, was independently developed and produced by Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical. Shanghai Petrochemical's carbon fiber production lineIn May 2021, the launch ceremony of the Sinopec Tianjin Nangang High-end New Materials Project Cluster was held in Nangang Industrial Zone. It comprises a total investment of 60. 3 billion yuan, and includes 11 mega projects such as a 1. 2-million- tonne year ethylene facility in Nangang; a pilot base of the Beijing Research Institute of Chemical Industry (BRICI); an LNG expansion; photovoltaic new energy, etc. With the 1. 2-million-tonne year ethylene project as the leading facility, the project aims to meet domestic needs, take the lead globally, and replace the import. The project extends the industrial chain with 12 high-end new materials, including ones with ultra-high molecular weight. The project is characterized by high-end product solutions; huge market potential; resource superiority; strong scientific and technological support; a green and low-carbon perspective; high-quality; and a low-cost competitive advantage. Relying on the Nangang Industrial Zone and the ethylene project, Sinopec is pushing forward the transformation and upgrading of the traditional petrochemical industry towards high- end; intelligent; green and integrated production during the 14th Five-Year Plan, and it constantly modernizing the industrial and supply chain. Case study Tianjin Nangang High-end New Materials Project Cluster Insulating materials for cables serve as the protective film of wires and cables; and they are considered to be the blood of the national economy. In October 2021, the 110 kV cable insulation material demonstration project of Yanshan Petrochemical, which is affiliated with Sinopec, was officially launched and the high-grade cable insulation material independently developed and produced was used for the first time. Case study Domestic new high-grade insulation materials have been used for industrial demonstrations for the first time 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation33 32 Nurturing momentum for innovation- driven development In keeping with national strategic needs and the company's transformation and development, Sinopec is implementing a special plan for science and technology in the 14th Five-Year Plan by adhering to four aspects and promoting the four types of projects. As a result, it has taken the initiative to seek an appropriate position in the new nationwide system; continued to deepen reform of science and technology systems and mechanisms; continued to seek breakthroughs in core technology; further its digital intelligence transformation; and push for high-level scientific and technological self-reliance. By the end of 2021, Sinopec had more than 60 multi- level research or development institutions and 24 academicians of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2021, the company implemented its Science and Technology Reform Demonstration Action, with eight research institutes directly under the company conducting basically completed the branch rotor company reform. The company posted a notice to inspire creativity to promote six key core technologies and attracted 39 teams to take up the tasks. Scientific and technological talents Sinopec believes that talent is the first resource, and it has implemented a strategy of strengthening the enterprise by cultivating a team of high-quality scientific and technological talents. The company has also strengthened talent training, especially for leading scientific and technological talents with a global vision and international perspectives; leading scientific and technological talents who specialize in core technologies and emerging businesses and three chief scientists of the company. Further, the company is offering rewards and incentives in technology and has promoted several model performers, such as The Most Beautiful Striver Min Enze; the Role Model of the Times Chen Junwu, who has spirit of hard work and perseverance; and the three honests and four stricts. In 2022, more than 120 science and technology awards were awarded and 20 excellent innovation teams were selected by the company. Investment in scientific and technological research and development 17, 570 million yuanInvestment in scientific and technological research and development 17, 530 million yuanInvestment in scientific and technological research and development 24, 700 million yuan Transformation and application of scientific and technological achievements Sinopec has played an active role in support and guidance in science and technology; and promoted the transformation and application of scientific and technological achievements; adding vitality and momentum to industrial upgrading and economic development. In 2021, the company applied for 9, 338 patents and authorized 5, 844 patents at home and abroad. In terms of oil refining, the new molecular sieve catalytic cracking catalyst has been applied in the industry for the first time. Also, the company has developed a formula for the high- grade internal combustion engine oil; its industrial unit for high-temperature synthetic heat transfer fluid has gone into operation. In terms of chemical materials, its first linear - Olefin and poly - Olefins units were put into production with breakthroughs made in the development of a series of hydrogenated styrene elastomers. As for public-friendly technology, its million-tonne CCUS project was put into operation, and it intends to build the largest CO2 capture system from flue gas in the coal-fired power sector in China. Analysis of the complete set of technology of million tonnes of ethylene for complex raw materials won the first prize of the National Scientific and Technological Progress AwardAnalysis of the complete set of technology of million tonnes of ethylene for complex raw materialsFirst Prize Technology and application of high efficient development for major complex carbonate reservoirs The key engineering technology of high water-cut oilfields to enhance oil recoverySecond Prize Theoretical technology and demonstration application of subtle oil pools in fault basins Taking the Jiyang depression as an exampleSecond Prize Key preparation technology, equipment and application of high thermal conductivity mesophase oil-based carbon fibersSecond Prize Second Prize Second Prize Second PrizeWide-area collaborative high-end large-scale programmable automation system and its application National Technology Invention Award Controllable coordination polymerization of olefins and preparation technology of high performance elastomers National Scientific and Technological Progress Award 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation35 34 Improving the digital intelligence transformation Sinopec is focusing on the implementation of its new development philosophy and high-quality development, to contribute to industrial upgrading; quality and efficiency; and industrial intelligence and digital transformation. Sinopec has promoted the establishment of a Smart petrochemical industrial Internet platform which supports the company's informatization construction and new technology applications. And the construction achievements have been selected as examples of network security and informatization of central enterprises. The center supports the dynamic optimization of crude oil and refined oil production; and improves the operation management and industrial chain collaboration. Sinopec, which focuses on the upstream, midstream and downstream sectors, is continuing to establish an intelligent field, factory, station and yard. Separately, it has realized the cloud application of intelligent decision-making for oil and gas exploration and has improved the efficiency of multi-disciplinary collaboration. As of now, a total of 15 intelligent refining and chemical plants have been built, forming a production and operation mode for global optimization; and precise implementation and closed-loop control centering on efficiency. In addition, the company has developed a new paradigm for engineering and construction with integrated design; and modular construction and digital delivery. Besides, scientific research institutes have realized the automation of the experimental process; intelligent analysis of results; and convenient knowledge extraction and networking of technical services. Sinopec is also promoting an integrated system and network intelligent applications such as Petrochemical wallet; one button refueling and digital RMB in more than 30, 000 gas stations, building a business ecosystem of life of people with automobiles. Case study Promote the digitization and intelligence of the entire industrial chain and high-quality development Sinopec carried forward the pilot promotion of Industrial Internet Safe Production by optimizing the safety management information system and applying an information-based supervision platform for hazardous chemical transportation. Case study Innovation of Industrial Internet Safe Production In July 2021, the first digital oil and gas gathering and transportation combined station of Sinopec, the Shunbei Oilfield Combined Station, was put into operation. The facility is expected to inject new impetus to ensure the stable production of the Shunbei oil and gas field; and promote the economic development of Xinjiang province. The station integrates crude oil treatment; natural gas treatment; produced water treatment and sulfur recovery. And it enables the synchronous operation of the digital factory and real project to trace the status of construction data; equipment and modules; accomplishing management, inspection and other work without any manual intervention. Case study Sinopec's first digital oil and gas station put into operationProduction and operation with safety and stability Sinopec has studied and implemented the important remarks from President Xi Jinping on safety production; and boosting the development of the HSE management system. The company has deployed and carried out several specific actions, such as the three-year action of special programs to address safety problems, accidents free in a hundred days, five inspections and five stricts, so that the overall situation of safety production and business operation can be stable and secured. HSE management system Sinopec revised and issued the Management Manual for HSE Management System to promote the systematization, standardization and scientization of HSE management. HSE principle People-oriented, comprehensive management and put safety and prevention first HSE objective Free from injuries, pollution and accidents HSE commitment Abiding by laws and regulations of the countries and regions where Sinopec is working, and respecting local customs and habits. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation37 36 Emergency management in safety production Sinopec has established an emergency management system with a clear hierarchy and explicit responsibilities; in which the main leaders take the overall responsibilities; the branch leaders focus on specific tasks; the business department takes charge of the projects; the safety department is accountable for supervision and relevant departments involve in other aspects of the system. The company has improved its emergency plan and built a system of 1 overall 10 specials. The Sinopec Yizheng Chemical Fiber held the 20th Competition of Fire Fighting Safety SkillsHazard prevention and control Risk identification, control and treatment Sinopec has carried forward the three-year action of special programs to address safety problems and two lists of dynamic management of hidden perils and institutional measures. The company has also promoted the platform PHAMS; typical devices or facility security assessment checklists; and HAZOP and JSA tools. Besides, it has evaluated the risks of discharge of pipe racks and devices in refining and chemical enterprises; and carried out a risk analysis of process equipment and typical operations in hydrogenation stations, in order to effectively identify hazards and control the systemic risk. Sinopec has reinforced the management of abnormal information in production and established an accident, event and abnormal information management platform by integrating abnormal information such as fire alarm response and the monitoring of major hazard sources. The platform can trace and analyze small abnormalities and events in the production, so as to improve the sharing mechanism of abnormal information. Innovation in dual prevention mechanism Improvement of process monitoringOperation safety Sinopec carried out on-site investigation and discussion on the work permit, improved the 7 1 safety management system for direct operation links, and optimized key points with concentrated contradictions and risks such as JSA and operation monitoring. The management procedures and contents of the work permit have been standardized, so as to improve the operability and rationality of the entire system. The company advanced the technology of electronic ticketing by incorporating the on-site confirmation of safety conditions and the on-site issuance of work permits into the entire program. It also developed energy isolation, anaerobic operation and several systems which were urgently needed, and implemented reporting management of high-risk bilateral operations. Transportation safety Sinopec has figured out the basic situation of oil and gas long-distance pipelines; sour gas pipelines of high sour gas fields and inter-refinery pipelines, and formulated specific measures in terms of responsibilities; supervision classification and new technology promotion. It also researched management standards for sour gas pipelines in high sour gas fields, aiming to provide technical support for reducing the safety risks for sour gas pipelines. Additionally, the company revised and issued the Regulations on the Transportation of Hazardous Materials, which has standardized the consignment, transportation, loading and unloading, as well as the vehicles access and parking, so that the management and control of risks of hazardous chemicals transportation are boosted. Public security In line with the requirements of public safety for industry in China, Sinopec has promoted the major objectives of public security and terrorism prevention. The company guaranteed public security during the 100th founding anniversary of the Communist Party of China; the two sessions (National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference); the China International Import Expo and other major conferences. It has also formulated a corporate-wide special emergency plan to counter natural disasters and the Specifications for Risk Assessment and Prevention of Geological Hazards, for special treatment of geologic hazards of enterprises in Sichuan province and Chongqing city. The company will continue to promote safety inspections and improve people's ability to respond to emergencies. The company has had zero deaths related to overseas public security for 14 consecutive years. The company follows the emergency management principle of early emergency and has strengthened monitoring and early warning so as to take immediate countermeasures to avoid the spread and escalation of incidents. In addition, it follows the principle of corporate-wide emergency and has carried out emergency response training and emergency drills for all employees to improve their response to emergencies. The company has implemented the 135 principle of emergency disposal and established a spot check mechanism for emergency drills at the grass-roots level. In 2021, the national hazardous chemicals emergency rescue team (Puguang team) was named the first advanced group of the national emergency management institutions. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation39 38 The plan for hydrogen development In 2021, Sinopec formulated a special plan for hydrogen development, proposing to increase investment in hydrogen with the goal led by 1, 000 stations; green hydrogen demonstration with million tonnes of production, striving to be the first with two advantages, and achieving annual carbon reduction of more than 10 million tonnes. The company will develop an integrated industrial chain of hydrogen production, supply and marketing with a focus on refining petroleum and hydrogen transportation; become a comprehensive energy service provider of oil, gas, hydrogen and electricity, and strive to be a leading hydrogen company and the bellwether of the high-quality development of the hydrogen industry in China. It has invested in several enterprises in the industrial chain such as Shanghai REFIRE Group Limited; Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co. Ltd. and Shanghai Sunwise Chemical Co. Ltd. The PEM electrolyzer plant for hydrogen production, which was jointly established with Cummins, has got underway. Additionally, the company signed strategic framework agreements for cooperation with major energy enterprises in China, attempting to be the leader of the hydrogen industrial chain to provide leadership and support to the hydrogen industry. The critical equipment for hydrogen production Sinopec recently held a meeting for officials from 11 major hydrogen science and technology projects to promote scientific research of relevant topics. Further, eight enterprises (Beijing Yanshan Petrochemical Company; Tianjin Petrochemical; Shanghai Petrochemical; Gaoqiao Petrochemical; Guangzhou Petrochemical; Sinopec Hainan Refining and Chemical; Qilu Petrochemical and Sinopec Qingdao Refining and Chemical) have built hydrogen purification and filling facilities with a total capacity of 12, 000 tonnes year. The company has also launched projects for hydrogen production from wind power and photovoltaic energy in the Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia and Shandong provinces, adopting innovative technology such as grid-connected and off-grid systems in line with local conditions, with the aim of exploring the best control system to improve the efficiency of reactors and green hydrogen demonstration projects. Under the development principle of integrating hydrogen and electricity, green hydrogen and carbon reduction, Sinopec has advanced major projects of renewable energy power generation, hydrogen production, storage and utilization, thus promoting the integration of hydrogen supply, power grid, load and hydrogen storage. In January 2022, Yanshan Petrochemical was issued the Standard and Evaluation of Low-carbon Hydrogen, Clean Hydrogen and Renewable Hydrogen certification, becoming the first domestic company to obtain this. Safe storage and transportation of hydrogen Sinopec is an energy chemical company integrating upstream, middle and downstream sectors, and it has rich experience in the storage and transportation of gas-liquid and hazardous chemicals. As of now, a total of 76 hydrogen refueling stations (including joint stations with oil and hydrogen) have been built, with a hydrogenation capacity of 45 tonnes day which can provide service for 9, 000 fuel cell vehicles. Separately, Yanshan Petrochemical has achieved mass production of battery hydrogen; supplying 500kg of battery hydrogen products to the market in Beijing every day; and more than 20 tonnes of hydrogen fuel cells to the market in Beijing and surrounding areas. In November 2021, Sinopec's first proton exchange membrane (PEM) hydrogen production demonstration station was put into operation at the Yanshan Petrochemical plant in Beijing. It was an innovative move, providing repeatable technology and demonstration experience for enterprises to use green electricity to produce green hydrogen. In November 2021, Sinopec hosted an online launch ceremony in the cities of Beijing, Urumqi and Kuqa to announce that China's first 10, 000-tonne photovoltaic green hydrogen pilot project, the Sinopec Xinjiang Kuqa Green Hydrogen Pilot Project, had officially started construction. Upon completion, the project will produce an annual green hydrogen output of 20, 000 tonnes, making it the world's largest photovoltaic green hydrogen production project. The project will help promote the development of the green hydrogen industrial chain, the economic and social development of Xinjiang and ensure China's energy security. Case study Sinopec's first PEM hydrogen production demonstration station put into operation Case study Sinopec builds world's largest photovoltaic green hydrogen production project Develop the layout of the hydrogen energy industry chain to establish a clean and low-carbon energy system Hydrogen will power the next energy technology revolution and industrial development, serving as an important vehicle to achieve carbon peak and carbon neutrality. The company is promoting the entire hydrogen energy industrial chain, including top-level design; social cooperation technology research and development; production, storage and transportation and network layout. It strives to be the bellwether of the hydrogen energy industrial chain by extending and strengthening the industrial chain. Besides, it provides a solid foundation with links spanning transportation, storage, filling and utilization. Green hydrogen demonstration project with million tonnes of production Combining the advantages of hydrogen production, storage, transportation and application, Sinopec is powering itself in the fields of hydrogen transportation and green hydrogen refining. The annual carbon reduction by using green hydrogen will reach more than 10 million tonnes. Achieving annual carbon reduction of more than 10 million tonnes Striving to be the first with two advantages 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation41 40 Environmental protection efforts promote green development As we seek a comprehensive green transition across the economy and society and focus on green and low-carbon development of energy, we will accelerate the creation of a industrial structure, mode of production, lifestyle and spatial pattern based on resource conservation and environmental protection, and take the path to green, low-carbon and high-quality development that puts ecology first, so as to ensure the realization of carbon peak and carbon neutrality as planned. Opinions about Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Working for Carbon peak and carbon neutralityGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 44 46 51 54 56 SDGsManaging the environment to consolidate the foundation for environmental protection Pursuing clean production to build green enterprises Saving energy and reducing carbon emissions to tackle climate change Protecting the ecology to build a better world Feature First million-tonne CCUS project helps realize carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation43 42 Managing the environment to consolidate the foundation for environmental protection We uphold the management philosophy of putting environmental protection before anything else, Sinopec has kept refining this management system; has strengthened the protection against environmental risks; has upgraded project-based environmental protection; and made public environmental information, in a bid to improve the level of environmental governance. All the subordinate enterprises have carried out environmental risk identification and evaluation as required by the Guide; and exercised strict management for risk sources. Through measures such as developing leveled management plans for environmental risks; defining the responsibility for risk management and control; governing hidden environmental risks; continually strengthening the real level of environmental protection; accelerating the exit of facilities from the eco-red line and advancing the formulation of environmental protection protocols, Sinopec has reduced environmental risks. In 2021, guided by the group company, a major environmental risk and 21 first-level environmental risks were reduced, and no sudden environmental pollution or ecological damage incidents at the group company level occurred. It has also strictly controlled the access of technical consulting organizations for environmental impact assessment and the quality of environmental impact assessment reports; ensured the audit and countersignatures for project feasibility study reports and basic design; and pushed for the strict implementation of project environmental impact assessment and approval requirements. As a result, the environmental compliance rate of all the newly built projects was 100 in 2021. Publicizing environmental Information Based on Sinopec's requirements, all subordinate enterprises have established a system for publicizing corporate environmental information and publicized environmental information in accordance with the relevant State and local regulations. By far, all subordinate enterprises have publicized environmental information as required, without any punishments or fines for poor transparency. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation45 44 Pursuing clean production to build green enterprises Sinopec has implemented Xi Jinping's Th ought on Ecological Civilization; practiced the philosophy about green development; popularized clean production in all aspects; advanced the Green Enterprise Action Plan; and facilitated the implementation of the strategy about green and clean development. Green Enterprise Action Plan Six Green's Green production Clean the source Clean the production process Maximize the efficiency of using resources and energy Improve the efficiency of pollution treatment Bring environmental risks under control Green technologies Develop green processes and technologies Develop resources recycling technologies Enrich pollution treatment technologies Make breakthroughs in forward- looking green technologies Green culture Build long-lasting mechanisms Develop green culture Forge green brands Green development Optimize the layout of production facilities Protect ecological safety Adjust industrial structure Build green logistics Green services Enrich green chemical products Build green gas stations Develop energy saving and environmental friendly industries Build green supply chains Green energy Increase the supply of clean energy Provide high-quality oil products Strengthen geothermal energy development Advance the development of new energy Green Enterprise Action Plan Sinopec has also pushed forward the Green Enterprise Action Plan; built a system for green enterprise and green primary-level organization assessment and applied it to all business segments, achieving remarkable results in the supply of clean energies, utilization of resources and energies, as well as the reduction of pollutants and greenhouse gas emissions. In 2021, 32 subordinate enterprises were rated as Sinopec Green Enterprises of the Year; and all have passed the review. To date, Sinopec has seen 104 enterprises turn into green enterprises; and over 14, 500 primary-level organizations become green primary-level organizations. Clean production Popularizing green production in all aspects, Sinopec has stepped up efforts to scale up green technologies and environmental protection processes; reduced the discharge of waste gas, waste water and waste residue and the emission of pollutants generated in consumption, so as to ease the environmental impact of operations throughout the process from the purchase of raw materials to consumption. By 2021, 12 enterprises under Sinopec were honored as State-level green factories; 4 enterprises as State-level green mines; 11 enterprises industry- level green factories, and 10 products of 7 enterprises as State or industry-level products with green designs. Sinopec's full-process cleaning management chartRaw materials Adopt toxic-free and harmless renewable raw materials as much as possible to reduce the emissions of pollutants and greenhouse gasAdopt green technologies and environment-friendly processes, generate no or few pollutants; improve energy and resources utilization efficiency; and reduce the emissions of greenhouse gasReduce the emissions of pollutants like SO2, NOx, hydrocarbon and PM generated in consumptionWaste gas Remove sulfur, nitration and dust off flue gas; recycle oil gas, and reduce the emissions of SO2, NOx, PM and VOCs Waste water Treat and recycle waste water; reduce the emissions of COD ammonia nitrogen and other pollutants; and ensure that waste water meets the required standards before discharge Waste residue Reduce, reuse and recycle waste residueProduction Clean productsBy-products Waste gas, waste water and waste residueConsumptionComprehensive utilization Circular economy Reduction of waste discharge and pollution Sinopec has prevented and treated pollution according to the standards higher than state and local ones. It has beefed up management and control; improved environmental protection facilities; reduced the discharge of waste gas, waste water and waste residue; prevented soil and underground water pollution; and treated production noise and smell by integrating the requirements for ecological protection into every part of its operations. Management of air pollutant discharge By following State and local policies, regulations and standards on air pollution prevention and control, Sinopec has worked to cut air pollution and reduce the discharge of air pollutants by optimizing its energy structure and adopting clean fuel and raw (auxiliary) materials; clean production processes and advanced treatment technologies. Sinopec has implemented the initiatives of the State, such as pollution prevention and treatment, winning the battle to keep our skies blue, and fighting air pollution in the autumn and winter in an all-round way. It kick-started its emergency plan for heavily polluted air; and has adjusted production and pollution prevention and treatment facilities to ensure the realization of air pollution prevention and waste emission reduction goals. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation47 46 Ethylene wastewater treatment facilities at Sinopec Maoming PetrochemicalManagement of water resourcesSinopec has kept optimizing the structure of water consumption; strengthened water conservation at the source; and carried out water balance tests and pipeline leakage treatment, to reduce industrial water intake; advance the replacement of fresh water with non-conventional water resources; and cut down the use of fresh water. In 2021, the group company saved 10 million m3 of water, down 1. 1 year on year. In the appraisal for leaders in water use efficiency organized by China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, Qingdao Refining & Chemical; Zhenhai Refining & Chemical and Tianjin Petrochemical were honored as leaders in water use efficiency in the crude oil processing industry. Maoming Petrochemical and Zhenhai Refining & Chemical were granted the title of leaders in water use efficiency in the ethylene industry; and ZTHC was honored a leader in water use efficiency in the CTO industry. Sinopec follows the policies, regulations and standards on waste water pollution prevention and treatment at the State and local levels; has intensified the management of water pollution prevention and treatment facilities; and controls the risks to all kinds of water bodies. Greater efforts are being made to reduce the emissions of waste water at the source. Also, refineries have improved the separation between rainwater and waste water; worked for the visualization of a waste water pipeline; and developed the information modules for a waste water and rainwater pipeline to increase the recycling of waste water and reduce the generation of waste water. Online environmental monitoring facilities have been installed as required by the government, to ensure the real-time monitoring of water pollutant discharge; pre-warning and warning measures were adopted; and the operation of production devices and the management of environmental facilities were adjusted to ensure the discharge of waste that meets required standards. In 2021, Sinope ensured that 100 of waste water met required standards before being discharged externally; with COD and ammonia nitrogen discharge down by over 2 year on year. Management of solid wasteWhile implementing the requirements of the new Solid Waste Law, Sinopec follows the principle of reducing, reusing and recycling solid waste and minimize landfill; and advances the comprehensive management and utilization of solid waste. Also, it pushed for the building of two regional centers for the treatment of dangerous waste; formulated the work plan for the pilot projects of building Sinopec into a waste-free group; and cooperated with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment on the building of a typical demonstration group enterprise. Prevention against soil pollutionSinopec has also exercised pipeline integrity management; and organized enterprises to conduct research on crude oil pipeline corrosion and repair. Separately, it has strengthened environmental risk management to ensure no discharge of materials or sewage from accidental leakage into the external environment. In 2021, the group company saw no environmental events resulted from oil leakage. Prevention of underground water pollutionIn combination with the preliminary investigations on corporate land use, Sinopec has continued to monitor soil and underground water to implement a system for troubleshooting soil pollution hazards and the requirements for enterprises to conduct monitoring on their own. Noise treatmentFollowing the requirements of the new Noise Law, Sinopec has continued to advance the prevention and treatment of noise pollution throughout production and operations. By optimizing the layout of production facilities; prioritizing the use of low-noise processes and equipment; building noise-barrier facilities; monitoring noise and publicizing such information and strengthening the R&D of noise pollution prevention and treatment technologies and talent training, Sinopec has worked to control noise pollution and created a quiet and harmonious living environment. In recent years, ambient air quality has become a major issue of public concern. It has been widely recognized that the black smoke emitted from factory chimneys is the chief culprit that pollutes the air and threatens human health. In fact, the white smoke emitted from the refinery is completely different from black smoke, as it is all water vapor which adds to air humidity in cold and dry winters instead of polluting the air. The big chimneys of the refinery are a symbol of the normal operation of the two sets of flue gas desulfurization and denitrification devices, which use the wet refining process to remove the fumes and dust, SO2 and NOX generated from the incineration of flue gas generated from catalytic units in CO boilers. Moreover, an online real-time monitoring system has been installed to enable direct upload onto State, provincial and municipal information monitoring centers of data which is visible on their official websites on a real-time basis. The fat chimneys, or the circulating water field cooling tower air ducts, are a symbol of the normal operation of four sets of circulating water field cooling tower devices, which lower the temperature by spraying cooled water out of the top of the cooling towers and generate water vapor. During the production process, natural gas is consumed and only water vapor and carbon dioxide are generated, while complete combustion is realized by multiple means. Case study Sinopec refineries realize pollution-free emission of flue gas 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation49 48 Circular economy With a focus on the development of a circular economy, Sinopec has continued to reuse solid waste; and encourage enterprises to take measures to recycle waste gas, so as to increase the efficiency of the comprehensive utilization of resources. Sinopec Northwest Oilfield is replacing concrete with a steel and wood foundation when building well sites, and achieved recycling. In 2021, the model was applied to 52 well sites on a cumulative basis and about 10, 963 m3 of concrete was replaced, reducing the construction waste generated at the source and yielding about RMB6. 6 million of economic benefits. The oil gas in vehicles can be converted into petroleum available for use through secondary oil gas recycling, thus reducing the loss of gas fuel. If the daily refueling volume is 20 tonnes and the gas-to-liquid ratio is 1. 1, about 28, 000 L of oil gas can be recovered each day. Hainan Refining & Chemical was honored with the title of leader by energy efficiency in the xylene industry Qingdao Refining & Chemical and Guangzhou Petrochemical were honored with the title of leader by energy efficiency in the crude oil processing industry Saving energy and reducing carbon emissions to tackle climate change In keeping with the decisions and arrangements of the CPC Central Committee and the Central Government on carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, Sinopec included carbon emission management and control into its development plan; intensified energy management and pushed for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, to develop a paradigm for green development. Energy efficiency improvement Sinopec has put extra efforts into the implementation of the energy efficiency improvement program; and perfected the system for energy management. Through energy conservation management; energy conservation through technology; and utilization of new energies and IT construction, it has worked to save energy resources; increase the efficiency of energy utilization and build green and clean enterprises. In 2021, the subordinate enterprises carried out 544 energy efficiency improvement projects in total, saving 967, 000 tonnes of standard coal and reducing the emission of 2, 380, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide. Deepened benchmarking work Took an active role in the energy efficiency leader campaign organized by the State ministries and commissions and industrial associations and learnt from first-class performers. Advanced the utilization of new energies Built a clean and low-carbon energy consumption structure, and developed wind energy, solar energy, geothermal energy and some other renewable energy utilization projects. Conducted energy conservation inspection and energy audit Followed the national plan and arrangement for energy conservation inspection; organized energy conservation inspection and audit in six subordinate enterprises; issued circular notices about energy conservation inspection; urged enterprises to align what they did with the inspection results and focused on rectification to ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical was honored with the title of leader by energy efficiency in the ethylene industry 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation51 50 Management of greenhouse gas emissions Sinopec has kept intensifying the management of greenhouse gas emissions; and further advanced the reduction of carbon dioxide and methane emissions. To date, the Company has been granted the title of Low-carbon Example in China for 11 consecutive years. Developed and revised the Measures of Sinopec for the Management of Carbon Emissions; the Measures of Sinopec for the Management of Carbon Trade; and other institutional documents to regulate the management of carbon emissions; intensify the inspection of carbon emissions from project construction and control carbon emissions. Refineries continued to recycle high-concentration carbon dioxide discharged from hydrogen and synthesis of ammonia production, and captured 1. 52 million tonnes of carbon dioxide; using the CO2-flooding technology, oilfield enterprises injected 310, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide to increase oil recovery production of 89, 000 tonnes. Undertook pilot project of monitoring methane emissions from the oil gas exploitation industry assigned by the Ministry of Ecological Environment; developed the Plan of Sinopec for the Implementation of the Pilot Project of Methane Monitoring and Evaluation and arranged methane emission monitoring work in an orderly manner. Oilfield enterprises continued to intensify the application of the enclosed transportation process; recovered pipe gas; advanced the comprehensive utilization of flare gas; strengthened the recycling of scattered wells in remote areas; and recovered natural gas. In 2021, about 717 million m3 of methane was recovered in total, reducing greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to 10. 75 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Reduction of carbon dioxide emission Reduction of methane emission Deepened the application of the outcomes of carbon footprint calculation and research for aviation kerosene, lubricant base oil, polypropylene and p-xylene; took an active role in the development of national and industrial standards; saw through the project Product Carbon Footprints, Product Category Rules and Petrochemical Products approved by the State Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Sinopec has signed an agreement with the National Forestry and Grassland Administration on comprehensive strategic cooperation, according to which both sides will cooperate on the path to realizing carbon peaking and carbon neutrality; improving the carbon sink capability of forestry and grassland, and promoting voluntary tree planting. Sinopec has also collaborated with COSCO Shipping and China Eastern on carbon neutrality, and realized the first batch of carbon neutral oil. Research on carbon footprints Management of carbon assets 2020 20212019Carbon trading volume 2, 690, 000 tonnes Carbon trading amount 64. 93 million yuan Carbon trading volume 3, 600, 000 tonnes Carbon trading amount 120 million yuan Carbon trading volume 9, 700, 000 tonnes Carbon trading amount 414. 07 million yuan 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation53 52 Protecting the ecology to build a better world Sinopec attaches great importance to the protection of the ecological environment, and abides by the environmental protection laws and regulations in the places where it operates. It is also boosting efforts to identify and analyze environmentally sensitive areas and environmental risks; and avoids ecologically vulnerable and ecological conservation areas as many as possible when it comes to operations. It is scientifically promoting the ecological restoration and the resumption of reclamation and planting around the waste mineral wells in oil and gas fields and along oil and gas transmission pipelines, to protect the ecological environment near the sites of operation. In 2021, the company had no incidents where biological diversity was damaged. Its design philosophy is naturally reconstructing the wetland and it has introduced new methods and ideas for purifying and recycling sewage from heavy chemical enterprises, it took the lead in Beijing in the ecology-oriented purification of industrial sewage that combines the treatment of industrial sewage discharged after meeting required standards; the natural ecological restoration system of wetland; and built the sewage treatment plant into a picturesque wetland park. At present, Niukouyu Wetland Park has over 140 species of wild birds and over 50 species of rare birds, including black storks, an endangered bird species under Class 1 State protection. With good water and air quality, the park attracts over 1, 000 egrets at a fixed time of each year. In recent years, the company has upgraded the Egret Park by optimizing the whole ecosystem in the core area, and expanded the project to create an egret conservation area. The core area has expanded from 2, 200 m2 to 12, 000 m2. Since the park was opened in 2013, the company has invited over 10, 000 representatives from various sectors to visit the park to learn more about the harmony between plants and the egrets. Case study Protecting Niukouyu Wetland Park to nurture ambient ecologyCase study Building an egret natural conservation area by improving the ecology in the core area The Egret Park at Sinopec Zhenhai Refining & Chemical The Niukouyu Wetland Park at Sinopec Yanshan Petrochemical 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation55 54 With the climate change response and carbon neutrality goals, CCUS, as a carbon reduction and carbon sequestration technology, has become an important part of the carbon neutrality action plans of many countries. In recent years, Sinopec has carried out a number of CCUS research and demonstration projects, which produced good results in enhancing oil recovery and reducing carbon emissions. In July 2021, Sinopec launched its first million-tonne CCUS project in China, Qilu Petrochemical- Shengli Oilfield CCUS Project, which was completed in January 2022. As the largest CCUS full-industry chain demonstration base and benchmark project at home, it is of great demonstration significance on the large-scale development of CCUS; and of great importance to building the artificial carbon circulation mode and improving China's capability in reducing carbon emissions. CCUS is one of the key technologies used to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. To be specific, the carbon dioxide emitted from the production process is captured and purified before being reused in a new production process and sequestrated. It has conducted experiment in several oilfields; developed new modes of carbon dioxide treatment; resolved key technical problems related to CO2-EOR and sequestration and enriched theoretical knowledge. It implemented 36 CO2-EOR projects, and explored and mastered some domestically leading and international advanced capture technologies. Sinopec has systematically investigated the sources of large carbon dioxide emissions at home; studied and developed CCUS potential evaluation methods; established a source database and developed a series of low-cost processes and technologies across the whole chain. Also, closed pipelines are used in the whole oil and gas collection and transmission system, to further improve the rate of carbon dioxide sequestration. Sinopec Qilu Petrochemical captures carbon dioxide and transmits it to Sinopec Shenli Oilfield for sequestration and enhance the oil recovery Pushing forward industrial layout and promoting carbon emission reductionResearch shows that China has a relatively huge geological oil reserve suitable for CO2-EOR, and over 1 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide emitted will be neutralized by CCUS in the future. During the 14th five-year period, Sinopec will step up efforts to achieve the industrialization of CCUS. Relying on the technologies of refineries like Nanjing Chemical, Sinopec will build more million-tonne CCUS demonstration bases in places like the East China Oil and Gas Field and Jiangsu Oilfield, to create a broader outlook for the realization of China's carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals. Feature Sinopec Qilu Petrochemical Shengli Oilfield CCUS Project First million-tonne CCUS project helps realize carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation57 56 Creditable cooperation with partners for higher value Efforts should be made to respect work, knowledge, talent and creation, modernize industrial and supply chains, ensure that they are independent, controllable, safe and efficient, and deliver better design of supply chain strategies based on targeted policies, in a bid to optimize and upgrade the whole industrial chain. Outline of the 14th Five-Year PlanGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 60 64 67 72 SDGsDelivering employee value through talent development Improving the customer experience through brand leadership Jointly building an industrial chain to boost industrial development Feature Working for comprehensive energy service station to meet customers' diverse needs 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation59 58 Delivering employee value through talent development Sinopec has always regarded employees as its most valuable resource. Basic rights and interests Respect for human rights Sinopec observes domestic and foreign laws and conventions; respects and upholds internationally recognized human rights; and fights disregard and abuse of human rights. As for recruitment, promotion, training and remuneration, employees of different nationalities, races, genders, ages, religious beliefs and cultural backgrounds are treated as equals, and the use of child labor is prohibited. In addition, we advocate employee diversity and equal opportunities; employ ethnic minorities on an equal basis; improve the working environment and conditions for female employees and focus on their physical and mental health. Compensation and benefits Sinopec attaches great importance to employee compensation and the welfare system, and implements an incentive policy featuring both salary incentives and non-salary incentives. In terms of compensation and welfare, we have strengthened the overall salary incentive and built a multi-dimensional incentive system based on the principle of connection with the value of the job, competence level and performance. Meanwhile, we have implemented such employee benefits as rest and leave, paid leave, and rehabilitation. As for social insurance, we follow the relevant national and local regulations to enable employees to be covered by pension, healthcare, industrial injury, childbirth, unemployment and other social insurance programs, with social insurance premiums paid on time and in full. Democratic management Sinopec also promotes democratic management and has improved its democratic management system mainly through the workers' congress system; the employees' director and supervisor system; and the factory affairs disclosure system. Employee health Controlling occupational health risk Sinopec has strictly abided by the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases; and issued a Circular on Further Strengthening and Regulating Occupational Health Management. We have intensified efforts to identify occupational hazards and risks; regulate inspection and monitoring of hazards; promoted excess hazard control; and implemented a pilot scheme to study chemical fiber plants and petroleum engineering noise control to improve the working environment. Enhancing employee health management To coordinate staff health management, Sinopec has set up an Occupational Health Sub-committee under the HSE Committee at the group's headquarters. Here, we have identified and managed high-risk groups; established health records and developed person-specific health interventions. During the COVID-19 pandemic, psychological wellness hotlines, psychological wellness surveys; compilation and distribution of psychological books; and online live classes were made available for key groups, including employees in key areas and overseas, helping them respond to the pandemic in a rational and peaceful manner. Headcount 641, 000 Overseas staff 38, 800 Localized overseas staff 68. 5 2019 2020 2021Headcount 608, 000 Headcount 593, 000Overseas staff 34, 200 Overseas staff 32, 700Localized overseas staff 68. 7 Localized overseas staff 71. 4 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation61 60 Career developmentImproving the talent introduction system To build a more sophisticated talent pool, Sinopec has brought in top-notch talents from home and abroad through its Double Hundred Plan, marking a major breakthrough in pooling high-level overseas talents. Throughout the year, we optimized the allocation of more than 1, 230 talents within the system. We implemented the central government's drive to stabilize employment, attracting nearly 10, 000 college graduates. An enterprise-specific policy was adopted to explore a new type of apprenticeship system, and the enterprise-school dual system, work-study integration approach was employed to address structural understaffing. In 2021, three chief scientists, 10 chief experts, 71 senior experts and 49 top technicians were recruited from the group, and 264 of them were among the first to be made special-grade technicians. Moreover, we deepened the reach of the Sinopec Network Institute, and made our training more intelligent and targeted, with annual online training exceeding 50 million class hours. We also developed a school-enterprise mode for training talents; deepened cooperation with institutions of higher learning at home and abroad; and delivered good outcomes by using postdoctoral workstations and a mobile stations joint training platform. In 2021, 213 postdoctoral fellows worked in the postdoctoral workstations, 68 of whom were retained after leaving the stations; and seven young scientific and technological professionals were cultivated in partnership with the Imperial College London. We hosted three national-level competitions and seven group-wide competitions, and awarded gold, silver and bronze prizes to 157 contestants. A number of top talents have won national honorary titles; two academicians were elected to the Chinese Academy of Engineering; and 80 experts with outstanding contributions from the group were selected and commended, along with 20 well-known petrochemical personnel and 200 technical specialists. With a focus on training overseas project teams, we held training courses for overseas project managers; international trade managers, international refining and chemical talents. Additionally, we restarted overseas public safety training; urged training bases to strictly follow the Pandemic Response Plan for Overseas Public Safety Training Courses, ensuring the completion of our annual training targets. Caring for employees Nurturing a family culture Sinopec advocates the core philosophy of interdependence between the enterprise and employees, nurturing a family culture at the oil (gas) stations, depots, and terminals. Visits to families of employeesSinopec has improved the long-term mechanism for visits to families of employees; done a survey of assistance within our system; studied the policy for relief fund compliance management, and resolved employees' practical problems. These moves directly benefited our employees in need, including those in difficulty; special employees and family members of overseas staff. Caring for retired employeesIn keeping with the idea of enabling retired employees to live a happy life is our responsibility, Sinopec has practiced respecting and caring for the elderly heart and soul, improving their mental and physical health through health check-ups, field visits, recreational and sports activities, greetings and psychological counseling by telephone amid the pandemic. In 2021, its health check-up for retired employees totaled 360, 000 person-times, and over 60, 000 visits were paid to sick and hospitalized retired employees. Relief fund expenditure (100 million yuan) People assisted and funded (person-time) 2019 2020 20211. 87 1. 97 1. 77113, 341 116, 867 116, 867 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation63 62 Improving the customer experience through brand leadership With its customer-centered approach, Sinopec has focused on product and service innovation; improved product quality and service value; and established its proprietary product and service brand system to meet customer needs and expectations for a better life. Brand building In line with the brand slogan Cleaner Energy, Better Life, Sinopec has created high- quality products and services; and established a highly identifiable brand system for its products and services. With a brand value of US 26. 4 billion, Sinopec ranked 58th among the Brand Finance's Top 500 Global Brands by Brand Value in 2021. In May 2021, Sinopec showcased its six major business segments at the China Independent Brand FairNon-oil businesses Sinopec has diversified its business by going into automobile service, advertising, catering and coffee, registering a year-on-year growth of 26 in its new businesses for 2021. Product quality In our effort to deliver high-quality oil products, we focused on quality risk control in the selling process, and established a whole-process quality management system covering procurement, storage, transportation and sales. For chemical sales, we continued to follow the concept of quality first, and focused on integrity, service and responsibility for a top quality-oriented cultural environment. In line with the philosophy of top products with high quality, we improved our quality management system by making the quality of all products and services a part of quality management responsibilities for all levels and jobs. Customer service Based on improved content and pre-sales, during-sales and after-sales customer service, we have established multi-level customer communication channels featuring intelligent robots, 95388 SMS, email, WeChat accounts, CRM platforms and petrochemical E-trade platform, supplemented by our unified customer service center and 95388-0 manual telephone service. We have also upgraded our intelligent customer service function, and promoted and applied it for sales of lubricating oil and chemical; EPEC. Through customer visits; customer service centers; online services; customer complaint handling and feedback; customer satisfaction surveys and other approaches, we have communicated more with customers, learned about their needs and met their requirements. Besides, we have improved our customer information authentication and information protection system to ensure customer privacy and information security. In addition, our custom-made shihua youni, a Sinopec app for petrochemical services, provides our customers with online services such as ordering, pick-up appointment, and online inquiry, improving the customer experience. Resolution rate of customer complaints on refined oil sales ( ) Lubricant product customer loyalty ( ) Resolution rate of customer complaints on lubricant sales ( ) Resolution rate of customer complaints on chemical sales ( )100 100 100100 10010093 93 93 100100 100 2019 Qualification rate of refinery product sales Qualification rate of sampled oil quality Qualification rate of chemicals Qualification rate of refinery product sales Qualification rate of sampled oil quality Qualification rate of chemicals Qualification rate of refinery product sales Qualification rate of sampled oil quality Qualification rate of chemicals 100 100 2020 100 2021 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation65 64 Operating the country's first intelligent fueling robot for contactless fueling services China's first intelligent fueling robot has been put into trial operation at the West Gas Station of Sinopec's Nanning Petroleum South Station in Guangxi. The robot, independently developed by Sinopec, boasts eight functions including automatic identification; accurate positioning; dynamic monitoring of simulated operation; real-time feedback; man-machine collaboration and information sharing; and cloud maintenance. Car owners can access the contactless fueling service via Sinopec's one-click fueling app in 180 seconds, and it delivers intelligent automatic fueling. RFID electronic tags installed on the inner side of the fuel tank cover allow accurate identification of vehicles. Payment is completed in no more than 15 seconds upon employees' receipt of prompts from their smart bracelets, shortening payment time by about 60, and delivering an instant, safe, and automatic fueling experience. With its focus on both technological innovation and service innovation, Sinopec is committed to winning the trust of its customers using cutting-edge futuristic technology; improving the after- sales service experience and meeting diverse needs. Case study Sinopec has introduced innovation-driven futuristic technology to enhance the customer service experience Jointly building an industrial chain to boost industrial development Sinopec is paying great importance to the development of industrial chains, by adhering to the principle of transparent procurement; improving management of suppliers and contractors; and cementing strategic partnerships to drive the progress of national industry and boost its sustainable development. Bidding and tendering management Sinopec has also improved a 1 6 12 bidding management system; enhanced the management of tenderee representatives; prohibited discriminatory and biased terms in bidding process; regulated bidding management of imported materials; and publicized and implemented relevant laws, regulations and management systems to create an environment for open and fair competition. Besides, we upgraded the electronic bidding and tendering platform to promote digital supervision of bidding, and established a whole-process supervision system for bidding and tendering. We also intensified efforts to combat bidding-related problems, organized 117 enterprises to complete self- inspection and self-rectification, conducted on-site inspections of 25 key enterprises, and dealt with 98 dishonest suppliers. Supplier management In accordance with national laws and regulations on procurement through open bidding, Sinopec has adjusted its guidelines for supply and resource management, and opened its arms to suppliers. Implementing qualification reviews Sinopec has implemented the supplier qualification review in line with the principle of pre- and post-qualification review; conducted onsite reviews of suppliers providing materials for production equipment, and involving production and construction safety. The on-site reviews involved a total of 1, 644 suppliers throughout the year. Enhancing quantitative evaluations Sinopec has established the EPEC. com standard data in the bidding and tendering process, have prompted suppliers to improve their supply services. By the end of 2021, a total of 8, 159 suppliers had completed the legal entity credit certification; 13, 971 products had passed the product quality evaluation; 44, 654 suppliers had conducted the dynamic evaluation of contract performance; and 19, 149 suppliers had completed market performance ratings. Boosting warning and punishment Sinopec has stressed contract performance for material suppliers of key engineering projects; giving timely warnings and prompts to suppliers with quality and schedule issues; and punished non-compliant suppliers. In 2021, we issued Work Reminder Letters to 46 suppliers and dealt with 138 non-compliant suppliers. Promoting strategic cooperation Sinopec issued the Operation Regulation for Strategic Cooperative Suppliers of Materials Procurement (Trial) to standardize the selection, cooperation and evaluation of suppliers and advance strategic procurement. In 2021, we signed 5-year strategic cooperation agreements with 67 suppliers. Implementing green procurement Sinopec compiled and issued the Sinopec Green Materials Procurement Catalogue (2021), to guide enterprises in priority procurement of green products; promote the development of the green evaluation standard; guide suppliers to improve green production processes and green raw materials; boost optimal procurement in total green purchasing costs; and drive upstream and downstream enterprises over green supply chains. In 2021, nine supplier training sessions were held, involving 1, 454 person-times. Users can use an ID card in the induction area and input a phone number, oil product, amount of money, and other content to complete registration. The launch of the register has not only improved on-site operation efficiency, but also won the favor of customers solving the problem of heavy workload of bulk oil registration. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation67 66 Contractor management In keeping with the law, Sinopec has set up a procedure for bidding for warehousing registration; clarified the content of the contractor warehousing registration; organized a compliance review regarding contractors' business licenses, qualification documents, and other documents; and provided information on occupational health and safety management systems, environmental management systems and quality management systems. Additionally, we have revised and improved systems for contractor management, and boosted the company's contractor management system. com, an industrial product e-commerce platform affiliated to Sinopec, aims at making procurement more professional. Meanwhile, the launch of international business platforms in English, Russian and Spanish has attracted Chinese enterprises to go global and global enterprises to make their presence felt in China. Suppliers with quality management system certification ( ) Suppliers with environmental management system certification ( ) Suppliers with occupational health and safety management system certification ( ) Main contractors with environmental management system certification ( )Main contractors with quality management system certification ( ) Main contractors with occupational health and safety management system certification ( )49. 9 34. 7 32. 848. 2 34. 6 32. 847. 7 34. 0 31. 9 100 100 100 100 100 100100 100 100 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation69 68 Strengthening strategic cooperation Sinopec has implemented a strategy of openness and cooperation, and inked cooperation agreements with government agencies, enterprises and universities to expand cooperation for synergies and mutual benefit. We inked strategic cooperation agreements with two alternative energy enterprises, Nio and Aulton New Energy Automotive Technology, to work for green transportation. Sept. We arrived at a comprehensive strategic cooperation framework agreement with the government of Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region to contribute to the regions' high-quality development. Oct. We concluded a strategic cooperation agreement with JD. Dec. We signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with CNPC to deepen cooperation in oil and gas exploration and development; refining and petrochemical marketing; and natural gas storage, supply and marketing, to safeguard national energy security. In November 2021, Sinopec signed procurement agreements worth US 41. 5 billion with 34 partners from 14 countries and regions at the 4th China International Import Expo Contributing to China's efforts to become a manufacturing power Sinopec has taken major equipment localization as an important move to meet its responsibilities as a central enterprise; shoulder its social responsibility; and ensure national energy, technology and economic security. We also implemented a large-scale mode to tackle hard-nut problems in science and technology; and partnered with key domestic manufacturers to work on 24 key projects with an R&D spending of 20 million yuan. We tapped the potential of cost reduction and cut cost and improved efficiency in equipment localization. Relying on the decentralized control systems developed for the Zhenhai and Hainan ethylene projects with an annual capacity of one million tonnes, we saved about 61 million yuan on imports, saving 38 of the capital. Moreover, the price of the adsorption separation program control valves of the homegrown PX device was only 15 of the imported ones. As of now, Sinopec has localized major equipment and is ranked among the top central enterprises, making significant contributions to the development of the petrochemical industry and the transformation and upgrading of China's equipment manufacturing industry. By the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan period, 92 of Sinopec's oil and gas exploration and development equipment was domestically produced, versus the 94 localization rate for its refinery equipment with an annual capacity of 10 million tonnes, and 87 for ethylene equipment with an annual capacity of one million tonnes. Sinopec signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tsinghua University to strengthen university-industry- research-application collaborative innovation and in-depth cooperation in scientific and technological innovation; talent training and strategic consulting. com Industrial Products Exhibition cum Petroleum and Petrochemical Industry Exhibition was held in Suzhou. The picture shows the booth of EPEC. With the strategic goal of developing into a modern integrated energy service provider, Sinopec has intensified efforts to improve energy supply patterns; and enhance its cross-over transformation featuring non-oil goods and services. Facilitating energy replenishmentSinopec, which has the largest and most complete oil (gas) stations and convenience store network in China, has accelerated its transformation and upgrading, and has established a comprehensive energy service network through continued improvement in service content and experience, providing customers with oil, gas, hydrogen and electricity supply as well as automobiles, restaurants, convenience stores and other services. Some of the comprehensive energy service stations built by Sinopec The comprehensive energy service station is an attractive, one-stop, integrated service platform that provides services in the 3 3 4 mode, namely no fewer than three functions for both energy replenishment and basic services; and no fewer than four functions for auxiliary services. Sinopec Guangdong Petroleum Dongming Road 3 Integrated Energy Service Station, the first integrated energy fueling station in the Guangdong- Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, was put into operation in November 2021, integrating multiple energy supply services such as fueling, hydrogen refilling, recharging and photovoltaic power generation. Sinopec Guangdong Petroleum Guangzhou Jinlong Comprehensive Energy Service Station, Sinopec's 1, 000th recharging and battery swapping station and the 1, 000th distributed photovoltaic power station, was put into operation in December 2021, marking the attainment of our annual goal of double 1, 000th such stations ahead of schedule. Convenient basic servicesSinopec offers convenience stores; automobile services; advertising; catering; coffee; Hailong Fuel Booster; exhaust gas treatment liquid refilling. A total of 8, 993 automobile service outlets were developed, and 120 million car washes were done. Besides, 37 Easy Joy cafes were added, with 48 outlets in operation. Anhui Wuhu Petroleum Mayinqiao Integrated Energy Smart Service Station has introduced intelligent robots in convenience stores to provide services such as reception, consultation, ushering, and ordering, as well as Easy Joy freshly ground coffee Caring support servicesSinopec, which is committed to providing top customer services, has developed insurance and finance; retail; e-commerce and other businesses at its integrated energy service stations, allowing its consumers to benefit from more services. By the end of 2021, we had developed proprietary brand products such as Easy Joy Tibet Glacial Water; Changbaishan Spring; Oulu Paper; and Laimao Liquor to meet consumer needs. New image of Sinopec's integrated energy station Fueling; gas refilling; recharging; battery swapping; hydrogen refilling; and photovoltaic power generation Energy replenishment Convenience stores; automobile services; advertising; fast food; and refilling exhaust gas treatment liquid Basic services Insurance and finance; service businesses; counter sales; public welfare services; e-commerce and others Supporting servicesSinopec Nanning Guangxi Petroleum Xinyang Station, the country's first comprehensive energy station integrating oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity, photovoltaic power generation, industrial culture center and other functions, was completed and put into operation in September 2021. FeatureWorking for comprehensive energy service station to meet customers' diverse needs 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation73 72 Better life and improvement of people's wellbeing Efforts should be made to support the people's role in the country; respect their pioneering spirit; follow a people-centered development approach; and safeguard social fairness and justice. Resolution of the CPC Central Committee on the Major Achievements and Historical Experience of the Party over the Past CenturyGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 76 76 78 84 SDGsServing the overall development through tax payment Protecting lives and health through pandemic response Improving people's wellbeing through public welfare and charity Feature The Gas Station That Cares - A Better Road Home through 10-year dedication 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation75 74 Serving the overall development through tax payment Tax revenue is the cornerstone of national governance and an important guarantee for steady economic growth. Sinopec follows tax laws and regulations, and makes tax payment in good faith. In 2021, we realized 341. 8 billion yuan in taxes and fees, contributing to promoting national defense; science; education; culture; health and other public services, advancing national economic development and social stability, and working for common prosperity. Sinopec followed a people-centered approach, and carried out measures for pandemic prevention and control; cared for employees at home and abroad; and ensured the supply of materials for pandemic response, thus delivering good outcomes in keeping payrolls and operation stable. Besides, our support for pandemic prevention and control at local levels highlighted our sense of responsibility as a central enterprise. In the context of the severe and complex overseas pandemic, Sinopec adjusted its prevention and control priorities, intensified its efforts, improved measures, and implemented the 3345 guideline. We strengthened our overseas pandemic response system, mainly focusing on regular prevention and control; material supply and logistics support; emergency response; derivative risk prevention; work shifts and staggered holidays, and stabilized payrolls. In 2021, our overseas projects saw no infections, and overseas Chinese employees were fully vaccinated. In addition, we ensured work shifts and staggered holidays for overseas employees through multiple channels such as independent charter flights; joint charter flights and commercial flights, thus supporting the smooth conduct of our international operations. Overseas pandemic response Amid the pandemic in early 2021, more than 7, 600 employees worked at over 1, 600 gas stations of Hebei Petroleum. Also, more than 1, 600 employees at Sinopec Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Company, located in a lockdown area, ensured the smooth production. In July, with the outbreaks in Nanjing, Yangzhou and other cities in Jiangsu, Jiangsu Petroleum; Jinling Petrochemical; Yangzi Petrochemical; Sinopec Nanjing Chemical Industries; Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Company Limited, Jiangsu Branch; Sinopec East China Petroleum Bureau; Jiangsu Oilfield; Sinopec Yizheng Chemical Fiber and other enterprises responded to the pandemic challenge, achieving zero infection and stable production and operation. In early December, during the 13-day lockdown amid the outbreak in Zhejiang and other provinces, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical, located in the lockdown area, ensured stable operation and zero infections; and Zhejiang Petroleum saw no infections among its 17, 000 employees and normal operation of more than 2, 000 gas stations. In 2021, enterprises in Guangdong, Northeast China and Fujian, as well as enterprises in the affected areas, such as Yunnan Petroleum; Anhui Petroleum; Hunan Petroleum and Shaanxi Petroleum, launched emergency plans for pandemic prevention and control, while focusing on production, operation, and oil supply. Stabilizing production A worker at the Sinopec Suzhou Petroleum Huani Gas Station refuels a medical vehicleTaxes and fees (100 million yuan) 3, 122 2019 2, 977 2020 3, 418 2021Targeted arrangements In 2021, the CPC Leading Group of Sinopec arranged to communicate with front-line officials and employees via video link; and stressed on the need to ensure production safety amid the pandemic response to safeguard lives and health. On July 30 and August 6, we issued two emergency notices on strengthening pandemic prevention and control. At the end of December, we published notices to address the pandemic around New Year's Day and the Spring Festival, cementing the barriers for pandemic prevention and control. Zhejiang Petroleum17, 000 employees were found no infections2, 000 gas stations kept openingearly December 2021Hebei Petroleum1, 600 gas stations kept opening7, 600 employees kept workingearly 2021Sinopec has worked hard to support local pandemic prevention and control. Amid the outbreak in Guangzhou in June, 279 gas stations of Guangzhou Petroleum operated around the clock, ensuring that the city's operations, livelihoods and necessities were catered to, by providing fueling and non- oil product sales. Also, more than 200 gas stations in Nanjing ensured supplies; and nine key gas stations provided green channels and special fueling machines for medical and police vehicles. Since 2004 Sinopec has participated in the Health Express philanthropic program. This is the first and only mobile ophthalmic hospital dedicated to charitable medical activities donated by a mainland-based company in China. The Sinopec Lifeline Express enters three poverty-stricken areas every year, and treats 3, 000 people on average; with a success rate of over 99. 9, it is comparable to any Grade-A tertiary hospital in the first-tier cities in China. It benefited a total of 3, 149 people in Henan and 3, 457 in Qinghai. Over the past 18 years, Sinopec has donated a total of 184 million yuan to the Health Express undertaking to build 23 cataract treatment centers as the title sponsor; offered training to local ophthalmologists; and provided the latest ophthalmic examination equipment, among others, leaving parked train hospitals for locals. Sinopec Lifeline Express For many years, Sinopec has been implementing the Sinopec Lifeline Express; The Gas Station That Cares A Better Road Home; Drivers' Home; Love Station and other public welfare programs to improve people's wellbeing. Social welfareour affiliated companies have implemented environmental protection public welfare programs carried out in Hong Kong the cleaning beach brand communication campaign the program for improving people's awareness for marine protectionEnvironmental protection public welfare programs public welfare through proprietary brands including the Great Wall Lubricant and Easy JoyPublic welfare through proprietary brands rescue and disaster relief service for farmerslaw dissemination volunteer servicesSocial serviceSocial welfare sinopec Lifeline Express The Gas Station That Cares A Better Road Home Drivers' Home Love Station The Sinopec Lifeline Express helps its 50, 000th cataract patient (middle) regain eyesight in Linyi, Shandong The Sinopec Lifeline ExpressAccumulatively entered 18 provinces (autonomous regions) 41 service points Cure poor cataract patients for free more than 50, 000Sinopec Lifeline ExpressRural revitalization assistance through industry education consumption employment health programs 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation79 78 In 2021, Sinopec Easy Joy launched the Micro Hope Plan themed on Helping rural teachers to realize their dreams; implementing public welfare activities featuring aspiration, illumination, calling and realizing dreamsSinopec supports and encourages its proprietary brands to participate in social welfare programs and help enhance brand reputation and corporate influence. For many years, Great Wall Lubricant has implemented the Chinese Astronauts Experience Camp; China Space Cheering Group and Happiness 1 1 programs, promoting the space exploration spirit; boosting people's enthusiasm for space exploration; and supporting China's space industry with practical actions. In 2021, Sinopec Easy Joy implemented its Micro Hope Plan, a public welfare program dedicated to helping rural teachers and supporting rural education through such activities as My Teacher and I drawing; helping 2, 021 rural teachers to realize their dreams; and providing rural teachers with an opportunity to appreciate the Winter Olympics. Public welfare through proprietary brands In line with the requirements of the Guidelines of All-China Federation of Trade Unions on Regulating the Work Related to the Outdoor Labor Service Sites of Trade Unions, Sinopec has integrated its public service brands such as Sanitation Station, Caring Service Station and Outdoor Station into a Love Station with unified standards and 7 X services in 2012, in order to provide better services to sanitation workers, taxi drivers, and traffic police, as well as online car- hailing drivers, couriers, and take-out deliverymen. These efforts demonstrated Sinopec's desire to serve the people with practical actions. By the end of 2021, Sinopec had built 3, 520 Love Stations, and planned to add 8, 000 during the 14th Five-Year Plan period, making full use of the platform's advantages to enable more social groups to benefit from its development. Designation identificationsite layout infrastructureservice functionmanagement system organizational acceptanceinquiry channel Sinopec's 10 Drivers' Homes received the 2021 National Drivers' Home AAAAA Rating 2 7 X service standards Seven core services Safe parking; lounge; catering; water filling; shower room; laundry area and drying area. Two basic services Fueling and shoppingIn 2021, Sinopec implemented important guidelines of the CPC Central Committee on new employment forms and the platform economy; and the labor competition of 10, 000 Stations in 100 Cities Excellent Service. By the end of 2021, Sinopec had 2, 178 Drivers' Homes in service in 31 provinces and municipalities (autonomous regions) across the country, delivering services to drivers. Drivers' Home Sinopec had built Love Stations 3, 520 Sinopec planned to add Love Stations during the 14th Five-Year Plan period 8, 000 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation81 80 Sinopec promotes the socialist core values and the volunteerism of dedication, friendship, mutual aid and progress; advances the organizational, mechanism and the brand building for youth volunteer services; and guides the youth league organizations at all levels and the young people in the petrochemical sector to be devoted to Chinese youth volunteer services, highlighting the petrochemical business card in youth volunteer services. Volunteer services Since the inception of the Starry Sky Volunteer Service Team in 1996, Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical has carried out in communities and schools volunteer service programs, such as village road lighting; riverway cleaning; regular maintenance; green belt construction, and dustbin donation, addressing problems faced by the local peopleIn 2021, after earthquakes struck Dali in Yunnan province; Guoluo Prefecture of Qinghai province; and Luzhou in Sichuan province, Sinopec launched an emergency rescue plan and had equipment checked for risk prevention. In July, amid the downpours that hit many parts of Henan province, Sinopec dispatched more than 500, 000 liters of gasoline and diesel to ensure the supply of fuel for flood relief. Five national emergency rescue teams rescued more than 3, 700 people; 9, 333 employees in our enterprise in the province stuck to front-line production for self-rescue; we donated 50 million yuan to the disaster-hit areas in Henan, and 24 affiliated petrochemical enterprises, along with our partners, officials and employees, donated 5. 62 million yuan. Besides, Hubei Petroleum; Guangxi Petroleum; Sinopec Easy Joy and other businesses donated material to help Henan tide over the difficulties. Rescue and relief Sinopec has participated in law popularization by supporting the China Legal Aid Foundation's 1 1 legal aid volunteer campaign for 10 years; and providing legal aid to more than 10, 000 people in the impoverished areas of central and western China. Besides, we have implemented the Sinopec legal aid Constitution quiz for seven consecutive years to raise public awareness of the Constitution, and promote the spirit of the Constitution. We offered free door-to- door delivery of fuel and fertilizers; and invited agriculture experts to instruct farmers on planting schemes and pest control; ensuring farm machinery oil supply during spring ploughing; harvesting, planting and field management in summer; and harvesting, ploughing and sowing in autumn. Service for farmers Sinopec ensured fuel and daily supplies for service vehicles and important materials transport vehicles during major events such as the NPC and CPPCC sessions; May Day; CPC centenary celebrations; National Day, and the sixth plenary session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC. In addition, we supported some events like the 14th National Students Games; the 14th Annual Meeting of the New Champions; and 2021 SCIP Plus Green Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Innovation and Entrepreneurship Contest, maintaining our relations with local governments. Service for major eventsSocial service Employees from Sinopec's businesses in Shaanxi province plant treesSinopec takes up environmental protection public welfare programs as part of its efforts to implement the major strategy of promoting ecological conservation and building a beautiful China. Environmental protection public welfare programs Established youth volunteer service organizations 1, 422 Sinopec youth registered as volunteers 79, 000 A total of hours of volunteer service 130, 000 The Sinopec Youth Volunteer Service Team was established in March 2021 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation83 82 Around the Spring Festival, migrant workers join the Spring Festival transportation rush, yearning for family reunions despite cold weather and long distances. Sinopec launched The Gas Station That Cares A Better Road Home, a large-scale public welfare program for migrant workers returning home by motorcycle or in minibus in 2013, and keeps this program in service, providing free services, including fueling; porridge; ginger tea; lounges; and baby care rooms. year dedication In the past 10 years, more than 50, 000 volunteers have benefited more than 4. 4 million motorcyclists; and more than 55 million people going home during the Spring Festival. After 10 years of operations, The Gas Station That Cares A Better Road Home has become a well-known public welfare brand in China, and won honors such as Superior Achievement in Branding and Reputation Awards; The Gold Standard Award for Corporate Citizenship; and the China Youth Volunteer Service Project Silver Award, among others. Innovative servicesOn January 17, 2022, the first day of the Spring Festival travel rush, Sinopec restarted The Gas Station That Cares -- A Better Road Home large-scale public welfare campaign, involving a total of 243 gas stations in Guangdong, Guangxi and Jiangxi. For the safety of migrant workers, we offered free items like reflective vests, raincoats, knee pads, and motorcycle driving accident insurance. Sinopec upgraded the 6 X free services to the 1 10 X services, expanding free fueling available to minibus drivers. We opened up 15 free caring bus routes with focus on special groups such as the elderly, children and pregnant women; helping migrant workers return home safely. Sinopec joined hands with Guangdong Post EMS to provide free luggage mail service for migrant workers returning home by motorcycle or minibus, easing their burden and improving safety. Sinopec coordinated 248 gas stations in the four provinces to help people return home. In particular, our caring buses for builders of key projects helped them return home early for family reunions. We joined forces in the Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Guizhou and Hunan provinces to share the achievements of poverty alleviation and provide custom-made New Year goods, covering an area of nearly 1 million square kilometers. Sinopec improved the 1 10 X 1 free services and added pandemic response safety services, providing free materials for pandemic prevention; and free delivery of Spring Festival purchases for migrant workers who stayed in Guangdong for the New Year and sticking to their posts, free mailing of New Year goods, and sending love home. Sinopec coordinated 243 gas stations to provide people who stayed put and those who worked during the Spring Festival with 1 10 X 1 free services, including complimentary Easy Joy lucky bags; and free delivery of Spring Festival purchases. We also delivered meals to truck drivers and organized a reunion dinner for outdoor workers. Meanwhile, the 824 Drivers' Homes and 119 Love Stations in the province operated around the clock during the festival, providing sanitation workers, delivery men, and other outdoor workers with breakfast, hot drinks, lounge areas, and other services. Due to the pandemic, many migrant workers chose to work and stay put during the Spring Festival. Successful applicants could mail 20 kilograms for free. X 1 free services Complimentary luck bags and food parcels for the Spring FestivalFree delivery of Spring Festival purchases 1 Providing a special group of women, children, and the elderly with maternal and infant care, assistance and other special care services. The Gas Station That Cares A Better Road Home large-scale Spring Festival campaign The Gas Station That Cares - A Better Road Home through 10-year dedication Feature 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation85 84 Opening-up to build a better world together Adhering to the principle of achieving shared growth through consultation and collaboration, China has promoted high-quality development of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). Resolution of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on the Major Achievements and Historical Experience of the Party over the Past CenturyGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 88 92 94 95 96 SDGsWorking on production capacity to promote economic development Safe and environment-friendly products to protect the earth Local employment enhances cultural fusion Community co-construction builds a bridge of friendship Feature Join hands to build a better Hong Kong based on the Belt and Road Initiative 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation87 86 Working on production capacity to promote economic development Sinopec, which is keeping in line with the trend of economic globalization and China's opening up to the outside world, has accelerated its pace of going global through its Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) work. In the process it has given full play to its advantages in oil and gas exploration and development; petroleum and petrochemical engineering technical services; trade of oil and chemical products as well as equipment and materials; warehousing investment and other fields; and engaged in mutually beneficial cooperation with various countries and regions for the sustainable development of the global economy and society. So far, the oilfield has produced more than 89 million tonnes of oil, contributing about 13. 5 of the local financial budget every year. Model of China-Russia energy cooperation -- UDM project In June 2019, Sinopec and SIBUR signed a contract on the main conditions for the establishment of the future joint venture which would invest in a large-scale chemical complex project (Amur Gas Chemical Complex) in the Amur region of the Russian Far East. The world's largest polymer plant -- Amur Gas Chemical Complex (AGCC) project Tapping its advantages in the integrated industry chain of upstream, midstream and downstream, Sinopec has had in-depth cooperation with Russian companies in oil and gas exploration and development; chemical project construction and chemical product trade; refining and chemical engineering, and petroleum engineering to achieve mutual benefits. Case study Sinopec engages in in-depth cooperation with Russia in energy and chemical industry Worldwide Along the Belt and Road Oil and gas fieldWorking on 46 oil and gas exploration and development projects in 23 countries Overseas oil and gas production of 36. 43 million tonnes of oil equivalent on an equity basisWorking on 32 oil and gas exploration and development projects in 17 countries along the Belt and Road Overseas oil and gas production of 24. 28 million tonnes of oil equivalent on an equity basis Engineering field339 petroleum engineering service contracts in 35 countries 105 refining engineering service contracts in 15 countries179 petroleum engineering service contracts in 16 countries along the Belt and Road 104 refining engineering service contracts in 14 countries along the Belt and Road Crude oil trade volume of 322 million tonnes Trade volume of refined oil of 50. 62 million tonnes LNG trade volume of 20. 84 million tonnes International tradeEngaging in crude oil trade with 26 countries along the Belt and Road, imported 189 million tonnes of crude oil Engaging in trade of refined oil with 13 countries along the Belt and Road; and the trade volume of refined oil reached 8. 18 million tonnes Engaging in trade of materials, equipment and chemical products with 23 countries along the Belt and Road Refining and chemical fieldsOverseas oil refining capacity of 7. 5 million tonnes year Overseas storage capacity of 1. 36 million cubic meters Overseas lubricating grease production capacity of 80, 000 tonnes year Overseas nitrile rubber production capacity of 10, 500 tonnes yearInvesting in 8 refining and warehousing projects in 5 countries along the Belt and Road A combined investment of about US 11. 771 billion The Al-Zour Refinery Project, located in the Al-Zour area in eastern Kuwait, is a national key construction project under the Belt and Road Initiative. The refinery project is designed to have a processing capacity of 31. 5 million tonnes year and will be the largest refinery in the Middle East after completion. After 49 months of work, all units were completed in December 2019. It is expected that all installations can start joint commissioning in June 2023. During the construction phase of the project, all the people of the project department worked to ensure the timely completion of the work. They were recognized by the project owners and partners. The project showcases the positive image of Sinopec on the international stage. Case study Engineering machinery completed for the Al-Zour refinery project in Kuwait The refinery and petrochemical integrated development (RAPID) residual oil hydrogenation project in Malaysia is located in the Pengerang, southern Johor. The contract included building a 15 million tonnes year crude distillation unit (CDU); an 8. 8 million tonnes year atmospheric residue desulphurization (ARDS) unit; and a hydrogen collection and distribution unit (HCDU), and a fuel oil system. Due to factors such as the Covid-19 pandemic, the project delivery was delayed. All the work has now been completed and operations are set to start. During the project execution, SEI applied the multi-subject collaborative design platform, promoted the all-subject in-depth 3D model design for the first time, and realized the digital delivery of the factory. It leveraged Sinopec's capability in global resource integration and deployment, with which it did global procurement for more than 500 units sets major equipment from 22 countries on four continents. Besides, the project involved more than 40 manufacturers and suppliers in China, with a contract value of about US 88 million. While creating a new business card for the country for refining and chemical engineering technology, the project enabled China's engineering construction sector and equipment Made in China to enter the global market hand in hand. Case study RAPID residual oil hydrogen project handed over to Malaysia In August 2021, Sinopec International Petroleum Service Corporation (Sinopec Service) Nigeria Limited delivered a total of 10, 160 barrels of Sinopec grease and lubricants to Zhongyu gravel quarry in Nigeria and the gold mine project of China North Industries Corporation (NORINCO), entering the local mining sector. This marks a breakthrough in the lubricant and grease trade business for Sinopec in the Nigerian market. Since the launch of the lubricating oil trade project in 2019, the Sinopec Service Nigerian Limited has communicated and coordinated with Sinopec Lubricant Singapore Company, fully understood the needs of the project owners, proactively provided solutions, and won the recognition of the owners with high-quality services. As of August 2021, the company's lubricating oil trade had increased sales in the Nigerian market year by year, showing a good development momentum. Case study Breakthroughs in lubricating grease trade in Nigerian marketYanbu Aramco Sinopec Refining Company Ltd. (YASREF) is a joint venture between Sinopec and Saudi Aramco (holding 37. 5 and 62. 5 of the shares, respectively) with a combined investment of US 8. 6 billion. On January 20, 2016, Chinese President Xi Jinping and King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of Saudi Arabia attended the launch ceremony of YASREF. The project supports the economic transformation and upgrade of Saudi Arabia, and is a demonstration of China-Saudi Arabia cooperation in the energy field. It makes efforts to protect the safety of employees and enterprises by establishing a production safety management system; ensuring investment in safety improvement; preventing and controlling safety risks; conducting safety training; protecting the physical and mental health of employees; and improving overseas public safety management among other things. It applies the green and low carbon concept in overseas business operations; responds to climate change and protects the earth by strengthening environmental management and control; engages in green production; implements green construction; and protects the environment and biodiversity. Ecuador, a South American country with a forest coverage rate of over 68, is known as the lungs of the earth. The government imposes strict requirements on safety and environmental protection; and PetroEcuador requires that the drill cuttings reinjection technology must be used to treat the cuttings and mud sewage in the drilling and production in the rainforest area. Also, the safety and environmental protection performance of the service provider is to be used as one of the bases for expanding cooperation in the future. In the beginning, the Chinese employees of Ecuador project of the Sinopec East China Oil Engineering Co. Ltd. only tried reinjection and grinding, but neglected the relationship between the reinjection rate and equipment wear and formation digestibility, resulting in frequent problems such as pipeline plugging and low grinding efficiency. A project engineer said Now we can process the cuttings, waste slurry and sewage from 3 drilling teams at the same time; and have developed methods such as 'separating the dry and the wet'; and 'sieving slurry and cuttings together', which greatly improves the work efficiency and protects the local rainforest. Case study Sinopec establishes green and eco-friendly brand by optimizing green production technology Case study SIPC Canada enjoys high yield in environment protection and benefits with carbon emission reduction efforts Sinopec cares about the marine environment where the project is located, and has taken measures to protect the environment and biodiversity to create a clean and eco-friendly habitat for marine life. In August 2021, the fifth construction company of SEG, the project owner Saudi Aramco and its partners jointly carried out the Civilized Marine Construction Campaign near the Berri Oil and Gas Treatment Project, collecting and removing coastal waste and domestic garbage near the project. About 1 tonne of various types of waste and garbage was collected and removed, greatly reducing the impact on the marine ecosystem. Besides, this activity improved employees' awareness of environmental protection, and demonstrated the company's determination to further implement the Green Enterprise Campaign. Case study SEG protects eco-system with Civilized Marine Construction Campaign in Saudi ArabiaCanada levied a corporate carbon tax since 2019, with the tax rate rising year by year. Now, the group takes measures to reduce carbon emissions, which not only helps the company increase efficiency, greatly reduce the carbon tax expenditure of SIPC Canada, and also fulfill Sinopec's commitment to carbon emission reduction. Since the implementation of the optimization efforts in 2020, it has reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 53, 228 tonnes, which is equivalent to nearly 11, 500 cars being taken off the roads for a year. Meanwhile, it has achieved the goal of reducing the cumulative emissions in 2021 by 10 compared with the previous year, ahead of local counterparts. SIPC Canada has been recognized by the local government for its emission reduction effects while reducing carbon tax expenditures of about CAD 4. 5 million. After the equipment upgrade, both parties can share the carbon credits from the government, which is expected to bring more than CAD1 million worth carbon credits to each of the two parties in 2021 and 2022. Cementing Company has innovated and developed green technology; and implemented green construction and QHSSE management in an all-round way. It is on par with its international counterparts for the well cementing acceptability rate and excellence rate, and is highly acclaimed by investors and project owners in Africa. In conventional cementing construction, the 1. 5-tonne-bag of cement was manually opened and mixed with additives in the cement tank. Such a practice could lead to flying dust to pollute the air and affect the health of workers. The updated equipment not only effectively lowers the labor used and reduces the dispersion of cement dust, but also protects the environment. After the well cementing, the on-site cleaning of the cement trucks involves connection and disassembly of pipelines and opening and closing of gates, which inevitably causes dispersion of cement dust or additives, and consequently pollution of underground water. So, the team optimized the pipeline disassembly process, and laid anti-seepage plastic sheets under all equipment to ensure zero spillage and zero contact with the earth. Case study Sinopec Zhongyuan Engineering Company acclaimed in African market for its green construction practices 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report92 95 94 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Sinopec has joined hands with enterprises in UK for the Red Nose Donation Week for many years; and the funds raised are used for various relief projects in the UK and around the worldCommunity co-construction builds a bridge of friendshipSinopec is continuously promoting local procurement to drive the development of local enterprises; and has participated in public good undertakings and supported local infrastructure construction; education development; disadvantaged groups and epidemic prevention and control among others, to improve local livelihoods. It also encourages its employees to participate in local volunteer services and promote community development, and work to benefit the local community. While promoting its own development, SIPC Columbia (Mansarovar) also supports the construction of public infrastructure, to integrate into the local area; develop it and contribute to it. It also helped the locals to build diesel generator power plants; donated beds to health centers; and provided hygiene kits to build a solid line of defense against the pandemic. Separately, SIPC Colombia NGEC Company has participated in the improvement of housing and farms in the communities around the oilfield. And after assessing the needs of the locals, it provided building materials to improve their living conditions. It also helped communities near the oilfield to install water purification devices. Case study Sinopec supports infrastructure construction in Colombia In June 2021, the Sinopec Fuel Oil Sales Corporation donated anti-epidemic materials to the Sri Lankan Embassy in China on behalf of Sinopec. This was the second time that Sinopec donated anti-epidemic materials to Sri Lanka since the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. In addition to the relief materials given to the Sri Lankan government, it also made a targeted donation to the front-line units of the customs and port authority of Sri Lanka. Chinese and Saudi employees dance together at a party A Russian employee learns about Chinese cuisine from a Chinese chefLocal employment enhances cultural fusionSinopec follows the management model of international talent and local employment; and gives priority to local people in employment to achieve both goals of growing overseas business and local talent development. It also holds a variety of activities to facilitate cultural fusion and enhance cohesion of employees at home and abroad. In January 2021, Chinese Bookshelf, a project which aims to provide local readers access to Chinese books and culture, was opened in the Sinopec Tech Middle East LLC in Dhahran Techno Valley, Saudi Arabia. The project offers more than 1, 500 paper books and a large number of e-books in Chinese, English and Arabic, covering various fields such as Chinese economy, literature, history, art and technology. Chinese Bookshelf presents the stories of China, providing a reading experience to local Saudi employees and readers, and allowing them to appreciate Chinese history, culture and art, and understand the civilization and progress of contemporary China. This promotes cultural exchanges and a mutual learning between China and Saudi Arabia and the two civilizations. Case study Sharing Chinese classics with foreign employees SIPC abides by the laws and regulations of the host countries, and has fulfilled the requirements on employment of locals, which promotes local economic and social development. At the same time, through production practice and a complete training system, SIPC has cultivated a large number of local oil and gas exploration and development professionals and management talents, contributed to the local oil industry and economic development with advanced technology and experience; and promoted cultural exchanges between China and various host countries, winning respect and recognition of the governments and people of those countries. Case study SIPC promotes employee localization to facilitate occupational development SIPC Kazakhstan organized training for 6, 878 people. SIPC Gabon had 3, 097 employees trained. In 2021 Case study Sinopec donates anti-epidemic materials to Sri Lanka for the second time 97 96 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Hong Kong, located in the center of Asia, has the advantage of being backed by the Chinese mainland. Hong Kong is of great importance and plays an irreplaceable role in implementing the BRI and promoting the reform and opening-up of China. Since the late 1980s, Sinopec has been determined to integrate into Hong Kong and serve Hong Kong. In the process, it has grown and made progress together with Hong Kong. It has also implemented public welfare activities for environmental protection; set up the Sinopec Charity & Hong Kong Beach and Country Park Concern Group; and organized a Coastal Cleanup for nine consecutive years. In July 2021, the event was upgraded to Coastal Cleanup Brand Communication Action, aiming to build a beautiful Hong Kong and promote the harmonious coexistence of man and nature. By creating a large number of jobs, Sinopec also pushes local talents to broaden their horizons and improve their abilities. In this way, it has cultivated many senior talents and skilled workers; and promoted the economic development of Hong Kong. Local employment In the face of the Covid-19 pandemic, all Sinopec enterprises in Hong Kong have worked together to fight the epidemic. In 2020, Sinopec invested more than HK 4 million (RMB3, 254, 400) in Hong Kong's pandemic prevention and control; and donated 5 tonnes of meltblown fabric to Hong Kong to produce 5 million masks. Tsing Yi Oil Depot has a storage capacity of 370, 000 cubic meters, 11 berths and 34 storage tanks. International trade In 2021, Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Company Limited (SCCHC) and Hyundai COSMO (HCP) launched mixed xylene trading, with annual transactions of 100, 000 tonnes. Overseas finance Sinopec Insurance Limited provides insurance for Sinopec's projects in more than 20 countries and regions, shipping of over 1 billion barrels of crude oil as well as more than 20, 000 dispatched employees. SIPC Hong Kong holds 17 overseas projects; and engages in investment and financing business relying on professionals and the international financial platform of Hong Kong. Energy supply Since entering the Hong Kong aviation fuel market in 1999, Sinopec Hong Kong has provided aviation fuel bunkering services to more than 50 airlines. Sinopec Hong Kong owns a fleet of bunkering vessels, providing high-quality fuel oil tanker bunkering services to well-known domestic and foreign shipping companies as well as ex-warehouse sales and wholesale of marine fuel oil for ships in Hong Kong. Guiding Opinions on Better Fulfilling Social Responsibilities of State-owned EnterprisesGovernment calls Sinopec's actions 101 102 103 104 SDGsResponsible organizations for improving governance system Responsibility integration for deepening responsibility fulfillment Responsibility communication for shaping the brand image Feature Strengthening ESG management and information disclosure to highlight the image of Sinopec as a responsible enterprise 101 100 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Sinopec pursues the mission of Cleaner Energy for Better Life, and takes the initiative to fulfill its social responsibilities; incorporate the mission into its business philosophy; integrate it into its corporate strategy, production and operation, and corporate culture; and make fulfilling corporate social responsibilities a conscious behavior of the company. Sinopec has also continuously strengthened its social responsibility management; and explored practices and enhanced communication in this respect. Sinopec social responsibility management modelResponsible organizations for improving governance systemSinopec has established a Social Responsibility Management Committee, which is mainly responsible for coordinating corporate social responsibility work, formulating relevant policies and reviewing relevant documents. Sinopec is the first central enterprise to set up a social responsibility committee under its board of directors. The office of the Social Responsibility Committee is located in the Publicity Department of the Party Leading Group, and it is mainly responsible for the strategic planning; and overall planning, coordination and promotion of management of the social responsibility of Sinopec Group; as well as the communication, dissemination and research of social responsibility. Departments at the headquarters are responsible for the social responsibility work within their business, according to their work division. Directly affiliated units have established social responsibility management organizations; actively promote the fulfillment of social responsibilities; and ensure the normal development of social responsibility work. Sinopec has compiled and issued Measures for the Administration of Social Responsibility Work (2022), which clarifies the CSR organization management and its duties; planning; capacity building; communication management; and work assessment among others. This promotes the institutionalization and standardization of the system-wide social responsibility duties. Sinopec Social Responsibility Organizational Structure Board of Directors Headquarters Management Directly affiliated unitsAudit and Risk Committee Salary and Assessment Committee Social Responsibility Management CommitteeStrategy and Investment Committee Nomination Committee Board of Supervisors Responsible integration Stakeholders PerformanceCapacity for fulfilling responsibility Themes Governments, shareholders and creditors, customers, employees, partners, related institutions, NGOs, community and the publicThe fulfillment of social responsibilities is included in the Party building assessment Social responsibility benchmarking Social responsibility training Social responsibility researchEnergy and chemical industry Green and low carbon Joining hand with partners Repaying society Overseas fulfillment of social responsibilities Responsible organizations Responsible organizationsResponsibility planning Responsibility system Guiding concept Social responsibility management institution 14th Five-Year Plan for the Social ResponsibilitiesMeasures for the Management of Corporate Social Responsibility WorkEnterprise mission Cleaner Energy for Better Life Responsibility communication Social responsibility report Participation of stakeholders Social responsibility reports Theme-specific reports Regional development reports Report by country Reports of affiliated unitsNewspapers Internet platforms Enter Sinopec series Industrial exchanges on social responsibility New media platforms 103 102 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Repaying the society Energy and chemical industry Green and low carbonJoining hand with partnersFulfillment of overseas responsibilities Platform responsibilityWin-win responsibilityEssential responsibilities NGOsCommunity and the publicGovernment Related institutionsEmployees PartnersCustomersShareholders and creditors Responsibility integration for deepening responsibility fulfillmentResponsibility communication for shaping the brand imageTo ensure that the concept of social responsibility is effectively integrated into corporate management and business operations, Sinopec, based on the national macro policies; domestic and foreign social responsibility standards; corporate development strategy planning; social responsibility issues of domestic and foreign energy and oil and gas industries; and public concerns, selected 20 key social responsibility issues for the company, to fit the specific requirements of social responsibility issues into the work process of departments and of affiliated enterprises (units). The focus was placed on urging the stakeholders to carry out social responsibility work covering five aspects -- the energy and chemical industry; green and low carbon; low carbon; partners; repaying society and fulfillment of overseas responsibilities so as to create comprehensive value for the economy, society and environment; and to promote common and sustainable development. Sinopec attaches great importance to communication and exchanges with stakeholders; and proactively expands communication methods; innovates communication channels; listens to and studies the needs and expectations of stakeholders; translates them into action goals and plans for corporate development. Besides, it disseminates its philosophy on social responsibility and fulfillment in a timely and effective manner to create the image of a responsible brand. com Approaching Sinopec Holding Sinopec Open Day for 11 consecutive years Industrial communication of corporate social responsibilities Participated in the collective release of the Report on Fulfilling Social Responsibility of Central State-owned Enterprises (2021) held by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC) of the State Council Participated in the release event of the Research Report on Overseas Social Responsibility of Central Enterprises (2021) held by the SASAC of the State Council and making a keynote speech Participated in the China ESG Forum Autumn Summit of the SASAC of the State Council and made a keynote speech Supported the 13th Open Course on Sharing Responsibilities Participated in the 4th Beijing Social Responsibility Exhibition and other series meetings of China Social Responsibility 100 Forum, and shared experience Participated in China Corporate Social Responsibility Forum held by China News Service and China Newsweek, and shared experience Participated in conferences such as International Conference on CSR Reporting in China Cleaner Energy for Better Life Sinopec Social Responsibility Practice SystemSocial responsibility communication Social responsibility communication 105 104 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Sinopec has implemented the concept of innovation; coordination; green; openness and sharing. At the same time, as a leading company in the United Nations Global Compact, it follows the 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and is committed to better integrating ESG (environmental, social and governance) into the company's development strategy and production and operations, helping the company improve quality and benefits; and enhance its governance efficiency. This way it has achieved remarkable results in green development; and fulfilled its social responsibilities. Meanwhile, an ESG goal management mechanism has been established, covering major ESG performance indicators such as greenhouse gas emissions; resource consumption; pollutant emissions; safety management, and anti-corruption and compliance management. In addition to setting quantitative annual targets, Sinopec has also set mid- and long-term management goals, and reviews the progress on a regular basis. Sinopec also signs annual performance appraisal responsibility pledges with management members and affiliated companies every year; and incorporates ESG performance indicators such as safe production; energy conservation and environmental protection; and compliance operation into the main management personnel assessment system to facilitate achievement of the ESG goals. Sinopec attaches great importance to ESG information disclosure. Up to now, it has compiled and released sustainability reports for 16 consecutive years, detailing the progress and effects of the company's performance in environmental, social and corporate governance. Besides, it has participated in ESG communication activities, showing the company's fulfillment of corporate social responsibilities in an all-round way. ESG governance structureGuided by the prevailing standards and best practices of global corporate social responsibility management, Sinopec follows the requirements of the Code of Corporate Governance of Listed Companies of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; and it integrates ESG into the corporate governance system. By establishing and optimizing the ESG governance structure and mechanism, Sinopec has ensured that economic, social and environmental factors are taken into account in decision- making at all levels to achieve sound management of all issues related to sustainable development. The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making body for the company's ESG governance and is responsible for overall planning and coordination. The Social Responsibility Management Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for supervising and reviewing the company's ESG strategy, goals and annual plans, as well as the evaluation of their implementation; the Strategy and Investment Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee also participate in the deliberations and decision-making of the company's climate strategy, ESG risk and other related matters. Affiliated enterprises carry out relevant work in accordance with the ESG management system and process. ESG goal management ESG communication and exchanges 2021 Sustainability Report of SinopecNomination Committee Strategy and Investment CommitteeAudit and Risk CommitteeSalary and Assessment CommitteeSinopec ESG governance structure Reporting Decision-making Feedback Decision-making Feedback Reporting AuditBoard of Directors Social Responsibility Management Committee Sinopec ranked the third in the ESG Pioneer 50 Index of Central Enterprises of the SASAC of the State Council in 2021 Strengthening ESG management and information disclosure to highlight the image of Sinopec as a responsible enterprise Feature Headquarters Communication Coordination Promoting Anti-corruption Management SystemHuman Rights Protection SystemHSSE Management SystemRisk Management System Business units Specialized companies Future prospects 2022 will see the 20th CPC National Congress, and marks the start of China's journey towards building a modern socialist country and marching towards its second centenary. Sinopec is pursuing the dreams of the new journey, and working to create a better future. Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Appendix Key performances Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Total assets RMB 100 million 22, 117 22, 400 24, 181 Operating revenue RMB 100 million 30, 034 21, 423 27, 895 Taxes and fees paid RMB 100 million 3, 122 2, 977 3, 418 Domestic crude oil production 10, 000 tonnes 3, 513 3, 514 3, 515 Domestic natural gas production 100 million cubic meters 296 303 339 Oil equivalent hydrocarbons overseas on equity basis 10, 000 tonnes 4, 252 3, 672 3, 643 Refining capacity 100 million tonnes year 2. 93 2. 96 3. 02 Refinery throughput 10, 000 tonnes 25, 041 23, 860 25, 528 Number of service stations with Sinopec logo Station 30, 702 30, 713 30, 725 Sales of refined oil products (excluding Hong Kong)10, 000 tonnes 18, 445 16, 799 17, 131 Ethylene production 10, 000 tonnes 1, 249 1, 206 1, 338 Sales of chemical products 10, 000 tonnes 8, 581 7, 603 7, 289 Rate of settled refined oil product customer complaints 100 100 100 Loyalty of lubricant product customers 93 93 93 Rate of settled lubricant customer complaints 100 100 100 Rate of settled chemical product customer complaints 100 100 100 Number of patent applications submitted abroad Item 7, 439 7, 972 9, 338 Number of patents granted abroad Item 4, 843 5, 140 5, 844Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 Number of employees 10, 000 persons 64. 1 60. 8 59. 3 Collective contract coverage 100 100 100 Rate of employees signing labor contracts 100 100 100 Rate of participation in five major social insurance programs and housing provident fund 100 100 100 Rate of payment of five major social insurance programs and housing provident fund in line with the prescribed rate 100 100 100 Proportion of ethnic minority employees 3. 1 3. 2 3. 3 Proportion of female employees 31. 9 31. 0 30. 2 Proportion of female employees in operation and management position 12. 4 12. 6 12. 7 Proportion of employees joining the trade union 100 100 100 Employee occupational health examination rate 99. 0 99. 9 99. 9 Coverage of physical examination and health archive 99. 0 99. 9 99. 9 Social donation RMB 100 million 4. 57 4. 39 3. 37 Aid to Tibet and Qinghai (Headquarters) RMB 10, 000 4, 573 4, 685 5, 154 Investment in rural rejuvenation (Headquarters) RMB 10, 000 14, 070 Number of poverty-stricken students funded Person 2, 053 1, 170 2, 854 Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021 YoY change in industrial water intake -1. 1 -1. 1 -1. 1 Rate of discharged waste water reaching the designated standard 99. 9 100 100 Carbon traded 10, 000 tonnes 269 360 970 Economic performanceEnvironmental performanceSocial performance 111 110 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Index Contents SDGs GRI Standards CASS-CSR 4. 0 -- Petrochemical IndustryLocation in the report About the report 101 P1. 1-1. 3 P02 Message from the Chairman 102, 305 P2. 1-2. 2 P06-07 About Us 102, 201, 409, 419 P4. 3-4. 4, M1. 1, M1. 4, S1. 2 P09-11 Highlight 1 Empowering the green Winter Olympics to achieve the ice and snow dreams Goals 7, 9 102 P3. 1-3. 2, S4. 9 P12-17 Highlight 2 Continuing rural revitalization and supporting common prosperity Goals 1, 2, 3, 4, 8, 9, 11203, 413, 415 P3. 1-3. 2, S4. 5, S4. 12-4. 14 P18-23 Cleaner energy serves people's demand for a better lifeEnergy transformation to ensure energy supply Goals 7, 9102, 203, 302 M2. 1, E2. 6 P28-31 Promoting modern chemical industry with premium materials201, 203 M2. 1 P32-33 Nurturing momentum for innovation-driven development102, 201 M2. 4-2. 7 P34-36 Production and operation with safety and stability403 S3. 1-3. 4, S3. 6-3. 7 P37-39 Feature Develop the layout of the hydrogen energy industry chain to establish a clean and low-carbon energy system102, 201, 203 M2. 1, M2. 4, E1. 9 P40-41 Environmental protection efforts promote green developmentManaging the environment to consolidate the foundation for environmental protection Goals 7, 13, 14, 15307 E1. 1-E1. 2, E1. 5 P44-45 Pursuing clean production to build green enterprises301, 303, 305, 306 E2. 8, E2. 11-2. 15, E2. 17-2. 18 P46-50 Saving energy and reducing carbon emissions to tackle climate change302, 305 E1. 9, E1. 12, E2. 3-2. 4, E2. 6, E2. 23-2. 25 P51-53 Protecting the ecology to build a better world304 E3. 3-3. 5 P54-55 Feature First million-tonne CCUS project helps realize carbon peak and carbon neutrality goals102, 305 M2. 4, E1. 9, E2. 24 P56-57 Creditable cooperation with partners for higher valueDelivering employee value through talent development Goals 3, 5, 8, 12, 17102, 401, 403, 404, 405, 406, 407, 408, 409S2. 1-2. 8, S2. 10-2. 18 P60-63 Improving the customer experience through brand leadership416, 418 M2. 1-2. 2, M2. 11-2. 18 P64-66 Jointly building an industrial chain to boost industrial development308, 414 M3. 1, M3. 3-3. 4, M3. 6, M3. 10-3. 12, M3. 15-3. 16 P67-71 Feature Working for comprehensive energy service station to meet customers' diverse needs102, 416 M2. 1 P72-73Contents SDGs GRI Standards CASS-CSR 4. 0 -- Petrochemical IndustryLocation in the report Better life and improvement of people's wellbeingServing the overall development through tax payment Goals 4, 11, 16201, 203 S1. 3 P76 Protecting lives and health through pandemic response413, 415 P3. 1-P3. 2, S2. 12 P76-77 Improving people's wellbeing through public welfare and charity413, 415 S4. 6-4. 11, E3. 6 P78-83 Feature The Gas Station That Cares - A Better Road Home through 10-year dedication413 S4. 9-4. 11 P84-85 Opening-up to build a better world togetherWorking on production capacity to promote economic development Goals 16, 17203 M2. 1, S4. 1 P88-91 Safe and environment-friendly products to protect the earth304, 305, 403S2. 11, S3. 3, E1. 1, E1. 3, E1. 9, E2. 1, E2. 24, E3. 4, E3. 6P92-93 Local employment enhances cultural fusion401, 404, 405, 406 S2. 15, S2. 17, S4. 2-4. 3 P94 Community co-construction builds a bridge of friendship203, 204, 413 P3. 1, S4. 1, S4. 4, S4. 10 P95 Feature Join hands to build a better Hong Kong based on the Belt and Road Initiative203, 304, 401, 404, 413P3. 1, M2. 1-2. 2, S4. 2-4. 3, S4. 10-4. 11, E1. 3, E1. 7, E2. 7, E3. 6P96-97 Effective management consolidates the foundation of sustainable developmentResponsible organizations for improving governance system Goal 17102 G1. 1-1. 2, G3. 1-3. 3, G4. 1 P101 Responsibility integration for deepening responsibility fulfillment102, 103 G2. 1, G2. 3 P102 Responsibility communication for shaping the brand image102 G2. 4, G6. 2-6. 3 P103 Feature Strengthening ESG management and information disclosure to highlight the image of Sinopec as a responsible enterprise102, 103 G2. 3-2. 4, G3. 2-3. 3, G6. 3 P104-105 Future prospects 102 A1 P106 AppendixKey performances201, 302, 401, 403, 405, 415A2 P108-109 Index A5 P110-111 Report rating A4 P112 Feedback A6 P113 113 112 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report China Petrochemical Corporation Feedback Report rating Dear Reader, Thank you very much for reading 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Mail No. 22, Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China China Petrochemical Corporation (100728) Your comments Your comments or suggestions on the report Your information Name Employer Tel E-mail Report evaluation Note Each evaluation index is divided into 5 levels, 1 is the lowest score and 5 is the highest. Integrity Logic Readability Innovation Overall rating Cleaner energy serves people's demand for a better life Environmental protection efforts promote green development Creditable cooperation with partners for higher value Better life and improvement of people's wellbeing Opening-up to build a better world together Effective management consolidates the foundation of sustainable development At Sinopec's request, the Chinese Expert Committee on CSR Report Rating selected experts to form a team to rate the 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Petrochemical Corporation (the CSR Report ). Rating of 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Petrochemical Corporation Rating basis Guidelines on Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting for Chinese Enterprises (CASS-CSR 4. 0) of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS-CSR 4. 0 and the 2020 Standards for Rating of CSR Report of Chinese Enterprises of the Chinese Expert Committee on CSR Report Rating. Rating process 1. The rating team reviewed and confirmed the CSR Report Process Data Confirmation and related supporting materials submitted by the CSR Report compilation team; 2. The rating team evaluated the writing process and content of the CSR Report, and drew up a rating report; 3. The vice-chairman, head and experts of the rating team jointly signed the rating report. Rating conclusion Process The CSR Office of the Sinopec Group (Publicity Department of the Sinopec Party Leading Group) set up a report preparation working group to coordinate the report compilation work, and controls the overall direction and key nodes; and the Social Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the final review of the report. The report, with a clear functional value orientation, is positioned as an important tool for improving corporate social responsibility management; strengthening communication with stakeholders and promoting brand reputation. It identifies substantive issues according to national macro policies; international and domestic CSR standards; industry benchmarking analysis; corporate development strategies and social focus. Sinopec released special reports such as the Sustainability Report of Sinopec on Serving the Belt and Road Initiative in Saudi Arabia; and the Sustainability Report of Sinopec in Hong Kong; and promotes its subsidiaries, Sinopec Corp; and Sinopec Oilfield Service Corporation to independently compile and publish CSR reports, building a 1 M N multi-level reporting system. Substantiality The CSR Report features key subjects of the petroleum and chemical industry such as macro policies; product quality management; sustainable product supply; occupational health management; safe production; technological innovation; energy conservation and emission reduction; development of a circular economy; response to climate change; ecological protection and restoration; and supply chain responsibility with details, showing excellent substantiality. Integrity The CSR Report shows 92. 01 of the key indicators of the petroleum and chemical industry from the perspective of cleaner energy serves people's demand for a better life, environmental protection efforts promote green development, creditable cooperation with partners for higher value, better life and improvement of people's wellbeing, opening-up to build a better world together and effective management consolidates the foundation of sustainable development, showcasing high integrity. Comparability The CSR Report shows comparison data of 52 key indicators such as taxes and fees paid; refining capacity; social donations; aid to Tibet and Qinghai (Headquarters); YoY change in industrial water intake; and carbon trades of three consecutive years; as well as horizontal comparison data such as the world's largest oil refining capacity; the world's second-largest synthetic rubber production capacity; and the third place in the ESG Pioneer 50 Index of SASAC; showcasing outstanding achievements when compared with previous performance and in a global context. Thus the report features a high comparability. Readability The CSR Report focuses on the theme of Cleaner Energy, Better Life, and explains Sinopec's concept, practice and achievements in fulfilling its annual CSR from six dimensions energy and chemical industry; green and low carbon; working with partners; repaying society; fulfillment of overseas responsibilities; and responsibility management, responding to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. The report cover design is again done in the ink and wash style; and incorporates pictures of the main business; the Love Station public welfare activities; the role in the Beijing Winter Olympics and other CSR fulfillment moments, which enhances the report's recognition and readability. Double-spread pictures fit the theme of the chapters, starting with national call and Sinopec action, helping readers get to the essence and essentials of the CSR Report. Besides, the QR codes offer channels to extend the interpretation of the report content, showing excellent readability. Innovation The CSR Report had three major CRS themes Celebrate the centenary of the founding of the Party, and gather the strength to forge ahead, Empowering the Green Winter Olympics to achieve the ice and snow dreams, and Continuing rural revitalization and supporting common prosperity, and highlights Sinopec's activities on responding to the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China; contributing to the Green Olympics and rural rejuvenation; showing Sinopec's performance as a responsible central enterprise. All chapters conclude with a feature report, highlighting Sinopec's practice in fulfilling CSR. Zhong Hongwu, head of the rating teamXu Hua, expert at the rating team Issuance time April 15, 2022Scan the QR code to read the enterprise rating fileSinopec CSR Report has won the five-star rating for 11 consecutive years. Suggestions for improvement Increase the disclosure of core industry indicators to further improve the integrity of the report.