ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2022ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code 2020 Mission To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily lifeVision To become a world-leading sustainable benchmarking enterpriseCore Values Mutualism with Consumers Mutualism with Employees Mutualism with Partners Mutualism with the Society Mutualism with the Environment Reporting Principles This is the ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across China from 1 January to 31 December 2022. The content of this report is determined through a systematic materiality assessment process, covering key issues related to different stakeholders. For the purpose of this Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to thoroughly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues, evaluate the materiality and relevance and boundaries of the issues, and then determine the specific content of the Report. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office buildings in Xiamen, Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under self-operation. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Data Sources and Reliability Data and cases contained in this Report are obtained mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board on 21 March 2023 for publication. For many years, ANTA Sports has been principally engaging in the design, R&D, manufacturing, marketing and sales of professional sports products including shoes, apparel and accessories to Chinese consumers. php Message from the Chairman Statement of the Board2022 HighlightsSafeguard Product and Pursue InnovationCreating Value through Win-Win CooperationDiversity and Inclusion for People-Centered DevelopmentPromoting Environment-Friendly and Green DevelopmentGiving Back to Society by Supporting Public Welfare and SportsStable Business Operation for Sustained ProgressProspectsAppendixGlossaryCONTENTS 2 4 6 12 28 38 52 70 76 102 107 128 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20222Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. In the past year, consumer goods market in China has been impacted by a range of factors, including a turbulent global situation, escalating geopolitical risks, instability in international supply chains, unpredictable fluctuations of the Pandemic, more frequent and severe impacts from extreme climate, and increasingly stringent legal and regulatory requirements. The 30th anniversary marked a new chapter of ANTA Sports, and 2022 was also a critically important year for our ESG governance. In the face of the ever-changing business environment, we have maintained our long-term strategic mindset, actively responded to the situation with a Dynamic Management approach, and strengthened our engagement and management of sustainability issues both at the governance level and the operation level. In the meantime, we have joined of the United Nations Global Compact, and pledged our support to the 10 Principles of the UNGC as well as our unswerving support to the realization of 17 SDGs of the United Nations. Promoting Sustainable Consumption through Product Innovation We actively promote the use of environmentally friendly materials in our products and packaging through R&D and technological innovation. During the financial year, over 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoe boxes, hang tags, and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging. In addition, our brands are also exploring projects such as electronic hang tags to reduce the environmental impact of excessive packaging. During the financial year, we conducted an inventory and verification of the GHG emission MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 3 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022status of 11 self-owned operating facilities to further analyze their emission status. We are also actively pursuing sustainable production and operations, in an effort to reduce emissions and waste generation, and reduce the intensity of water use. By promoting environmental impact control throughout the process of production, operation and end-product, we have integrated the principle of sustainability into our corporate activities and decisions, and worked to deliver our 1 3 5 overall environmental strategic objectives. In addition, we have formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. The success in building a sustainable industry requires the close support of our suppliers. We committed to the principle of win-win cooperation continued to pay attention to the standardization and professionalism of suppliers management processes, empowered our supply chain partner in order to improve their management capability and promoted the sustainable development of the supply chain. During the financial year, we conducted social responsibility audits on over 70 tier 1 suppliers, over 35 tier 2 suppliers and over 3 tier 3 suppliers, covering environmental and social metrics including labor management, health and safety, labor right, green production, etc. Among them, over 50 suppliers received third-party audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs, so as to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. In February 2023, we published the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook, further clarifying the management standards in the areas of labor rights, health and safety, environmental responsibility and sustainability management system, in an effort to create a mutualism platform for building environment-friendly, healthy, safe and efficient supply chain. At the same time, we are also promoting the sourcing of sustainable raw materials, and giving priority to suppliers with traceability and sustainability certification to create a green supply chain. As a member of the UNGC, we abide by all internationally recognized human rights policies outlined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Bill of Human Rights of the United Nation. During the financial year, we invested over RMB20 million in employee training, covering more than 90 employees. During the financial year, we engaged in forest ecosystem protection and restoration, fry stocking and habitat clean-up in nature reserve and other activities, leveraging our brand influence to promote the knowledge of environmental protection and boost the public awareness of the welfare cause. During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB23 million in cash and over RMB200 million of sports products (calculated at tag value) to various charitable organizations. Over the years, through the implementation of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, we have established 166 ADream Centers, trained 4, 468 physical education teachers, and donated over RMB650 million of sports products (calculated at tag value), benefiting more than 4. 9 million students in 11, 711 schools in China. At the same time, we encourage our employees to participate in volunteer services, totaling over 24, 000 hours during the financial year. As the saying goes, those who keep working will get the job done; those who stay on the course can reach their destination. Over the years, thanks to our strategic planning with foresight and efficient execution, we have maintained extremely strong resilience. Today, ANTA Sports has already grown into a world-leading sportswear group. Ding ShizhongChairmanHong Kong SAR, 21 March 2023 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20224 While our business continues to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the sustainability management. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD 5 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group s sustainability management guidelines, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. The committee is responsible for assisting the Board (i) to conduct effective governance and oversight of ESG matters; (ii) to formulate and review the Group s strategic objectives for sustainable development; (iii) to lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the sustainability perspective; (iv) to identify, assess and manage material ESG risks; and (v) to coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to improve the quality of ESG information disclosure, so that the Company s ESG governance effectiveness would be enhanced. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impact of ESG-related risks and opportunities and incorporate the identification and management of ESG-related risks into the Company s risk management system. The Sustainability Committee (on behalf of the Board) is responsible for overseeing the assessment of ESG-related risks and opportunities and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal supervision systems are in place. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the ESG goals and reports to the Board. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group s ESG performance objectively. Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either in text or in notes. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20226ENVIRONMENT Mo ving towards to our carbon neutrality commitment by 2050 Developed carbon reduction and energy optimization plans for four self-owned operating facilities; Procured the use of renewable energy in self-owned operating facilities and over 20 suppliers facilities; Combining green spaces, energy-saving design and material in constructing the Shanghai Headquarters; Officially joined and pledged support to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in January 2023 and will establish carbon reduction targets for the business across the entire value chain; Gradually reduce and eventually cease the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY CHAIN Published Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook to guide suppliers and their subcontractors on social responsibility management; The total number of suppliers of ANTA and FILA (including footwear, apparel and accessories) was 524; PACKAGING Over 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoe boxes, hang tags, and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging; CO2 Sustainable packaging contributes to environmental impact reduction ANTA National Team Series Ice-silk Short Sleeve ShirtsANTA National Team Series Honor Jackets ANTA Little Millennium Sport Shoes2022 HIGHLIGHTS 7 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022SHARED SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Member of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and pledged support to the UNGC s 10 principles; Pledged unswerving support to the achievement of the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs); Member of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition (SAC), demonstrating a commitment to assessing and managing the impact of footwear and apparel products throughout their entire lifecycle; Global Strategic Partner of World Wildlife Fund (WWF); Donated a total of RMB 23 million in cash to different charities, and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) exceeded RMB200 million in 2022. Among them, over 50 suppliers received third-party audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs; Supported suppliers to collect carbon emissions and energy usage data through digitization. Supply chain management contribute to shared social responsibility PRODUCT ANTA National Team Series Ice-silk Short sleeve Shirts incorporate Sorona fiber, which features up to 30 less energy consumption and up to 63 less GHG emissions in producing Sorona fiber compared to an equivalent amount of Nylon 6; ANTA Little Millennium Sport Shoes ramp features Global Recycling Standing (GRS) space leather material, which is made of recycled PET plastic. In comparison to the production of 1kg of virgin PET plastic, the production of recycled PET plastic results in 59 less carbon dioxide emissions than virgin PET plastic; ANTA National Team Series Honor Jackets feature the use of REPREVE recycled nylon yarn. Producing REPREVE results in approximately 50 reduction of CO 2 equivalent, compared to producing one ton of regular nylon. Sustainability Overview Our Business Multi-brand strategyContinued Investment in R&D R&D costs (RMB million) 20221, 279 2018599 2019789 20211, 116 20208711, 500 1, 200 900600300 0Maintaining an upward revenue trend RMB million 60, 000 50, 00040, 00030, 00020, 00010, 000 0 202253, 651 201824, 100 201933, 928 202149, 328 202035, 512 9 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Financial Performance for 2022 Results Highlights Financial Performance Profit attributable to equity shareholders decreased by 1. 7 to RMB 7. 6 BillionGross profit margin decreased by 1. 4 point to 60. 2 Revenue increased by 8. 8 to RMB 53. 7 Billion Basic earnings per share decreased by 1. 7 to RMB 2. 82Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 42. 4 GP Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR stood at 161 (155) Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR stood at 191 (182) Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Singapore stood at 1, 984 (2, 054) Number of ANTA stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 6, 924 (6, 832) Number of ANTA KIDS stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 2, 679 (2, 571) Operational Performance (As of 31 December 2022) As of 31 December 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202210Constituent Stock of Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML100 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 100 Index HSFML25 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large-Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCNAH Hang Seng SCHK ex-AH Companies Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSSCHK Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index HSCGS Hang Seng Consumer Goods & Services Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSESG50 Hang Seng ESG 50 Index HSHKS50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index2022 HIGHLIGHTS 11 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022ANTA Sports awards Was awarded the Top Ten Best Corporate Governance Companies and the ESG Zhiyuan Award Social Responsibility Pioneer Enterprise Award by the Cailian PressWas awarded the 2022 Most ESG Brand Award by 2022 China Footwear Grand FestivalWas awarded the Best ESG Employer 2022 by Aon ChinaWas selected as an Sustainable Enterprise Case 2022 in China by APEC s Sustainable China Industry Development InitiativeWas awarded the Sustainable Development category Gold by Quam IR Awards 2021Was awarded the Best ESG (G) (Large Cap) by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association ANTA Sports rating Our ESG Report Rating and Awards Was awarded CarbonCare Star Label 2022 s Continuous Commitment in Best Practice in ESG Reporting by CarbonCare Innovation Lab Was awarded CarbonCare ESG Label 2022 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 4 by CarbonCare Innovation Lab Scored 77 in the Global ESG Monitor (GEM) 2022 global report and ranked eighth in the world s most transparent ESG reports and the top among the Hong Kong Blue Chip StocksRanked ahead of 87 of approximately 160 global textile, apparel and luxury brand companies in S&P Global ESG ScoresAchieved an A- rating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Sustainability Rating S&P Global ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202212 Innovation in Craftsmanship and Design We have always adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise and strengthened our independent innovation capabilities. Over the years, the Sports Science Laboratory has collected the foot shape data of people all across the country, providing effective data support for our independent R&D and innovation. During the financial year, Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd. undertook the renovation of outdoor high-end seamless workshop to strengthen the capability of seamless Key Performance in 2022 R&D expenses More than RMB6 billion in the past 10 years Employment of top talents over 700 international design and R&D experts from eight countriesA-Warm and A-Chill won international awards ANTA Skeleton racing shoes with 25 patentsANTA A-Warm was designed and developed by the Sports Science Laboratory, and verified through professional tests and athletes' personal experience. With its super warm-keeping features, the technology won the ISPO TEXTRENDS Award, and was widely used in athletic equipment during the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, bringing the power of sports technology to the Olympics. ANTA A-Chill technology won the ISPO TEXTRENDS Top Ten Award, MUSE Design Award and three international awards for its quality material performance. ANTA s self-developed Skeleton Shoes have different technology patents. The sole includes a midsole, a carbon piece, a front piece and a transparent piece, through which allow user to observe the structure of the carbon piece and whether there are any foreign objects. The heel of the shoe is equipped with a back piece, which has a smooth continuous line on the outer surface and a numerically simulated streamline design to help reduce air resistance. These shoes have been used by the Chinese skeleton national team in the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, helping the team win their first Olympic medal in history, and presenting to the world the power of Made in China and Created in China. technology; realized the flexible interchangeable production in the intelligent needle woven down assembly lines to raise the production efficiency; and established the innovative tooling and fixture technology workshop, and introduced an innovative model of all-in-one resolution for single problems through technology sharing in the whole production process. We have creatively integrated various styles into sports aesthetic design, producing new products combining different design styles and elements, and products that are both fashionable and practical. The new winter series of ANTA KIDS products, inspired by the Winter Olympic spirit, were presented in Shanghai Fashion Week, creating a classic winter outfit of children s sportswear. DESCENTE collaborated with contemporary Japanese fashion designer Kazuki Kuraishi and launched a new skateboarding series, DESCENTE X KAZUKI KURAISHI. During the financial year, we improved the Intellectual Property Review Management Policy, standardized and updated the audit process and penalty mechanism for the prevention and control of infringement risks, increased the intellectual property risk audits in the system, simplified the process for handling disputes over audit opinions, refined the penalties for design plagiarism and failure to follow the audit process, and strengthened the intellectual property awareness of business departments. During the financial year, we continued to fight against intellectual property-related counterfeiting and defend our brand, and set performance targets and goals for intellectual property management. Internally, we focused on preventing risks associated with intellectual property, and externally, we focused on fighting infringement and counterfeiting, all in an effort to promote the implementation of intellectual property protection. Key Strategies Conduct auditing and control of potential infringement risks in business in accordance with laws and regulations and job responsibilities, and set up auditing mechanisms for intellectual property risks at all key stages of the brand operation, covering but not limited to business segments such as product design, advertising and promotion, and non-production procurement; Investigate into the non-compliance of business departments and provide recommendations for improvement; Provide staff training and courses to enhance the intellectual property awareness of the design team. The topics of training include prevention and control of intellectual property risks in product design, trademark naming tips, patent analysis reports, and anti-counterfeiting awareness; Take various measures to combat counterfeiting and fake products, and strengthen efforts to curb the sale of counterfeit products online, especially in live streaming and private domain. With the aim of creating leading-edge sports equipment, we partnered with Beijing Institute of Fashion Industry to work on scientific research, jointly build a platform for industry-university-research cooperation, and accelerate the cultivation of professional talents as well as the R&D of key projects and transformation of research results. It helps Chinese sporting brands drive growth and achieve global recognition by integrating the R&D of sports technology and market-oriented transformation of research results. In addition, ANTA announced a collaboration with Huawei Sports Health. On ANTA s newly released Olympic champion running shoes, the two sides had the first attempt of collaboration. At the same time, a large number of data collected during the test, including the sample data of Olympic champions, will provide important reference for in-depth research on the running habits and needs of Chinese runners in different scenarios. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202216Raising Product Quality We strictly abide by the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. During the financial year, we focused on quality management capability, R&D technology, product quality and service, as well as the development of sustainability standards to improve product quality. We are committed to supplying high-quality products to consumers. Our Quality Management Manual provides a complete introduction of product quality management, including chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. We commissioned an external organization to conduct the annual supervisory audit of the certification of our quality management system, environmental management system and occupational health and safety management system in accordance with the 2022 Annual Plan for Management System Audit. The scope of the certification covers the design, development, production and sales management of sports and leisure footwear and apparel. Special inspection on glue and equipment we conduct random inspections of glue and equipment from time to time, and keep track of the progress in correcting non-conformities; Special inspection to reduce the amount of returned goods we carry out special inspections on a weekly basis to reduce the amount of returned residuals, and conduct regular review based on the comparison of returned products and check of abnormalities; Inter-department audit we organize multiple departments to inspect and provide guidance on the production process, key points in process operation and product quality. Product Recall Management We track and manage the quality of the products sold, and have a sound product-recall mechanism. If a product with quality problems or potential safety hazards is found after leaving factory, we will initiate a recall according to the ANTA Recall Management Policy, to prevent any losses to consumers. For products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the self-inspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and self-owned operating stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. For products that are returned or recalled for quality reasons, we will take the products back for repair and give out compensation, and include them in the major quality management assessment. In accordance with the relevant regulations and market requirements in China, we formulated specifications such as the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications and the Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control. During the financial year, we revised the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications and the Chemicals Safety Management Measures on Footwear Products, specifying the indicator requirements, test methods, sampling and verification rules on the chemicals safety performance of apparel, footwear and accessory products and materials to better identify chemicals. The quality departments of our footwear, apparel and accessories brands determine the testing items according to these specifications and conduct sampling tests on the corresponding products or materials according to the relevant documents, compile statistics on the use of chemicals in the entire production process, and list the types and quantities of all chemicals of concern planned to be phased out or banned according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and industry standards, including 70 types of insecticides, 25 types of plasticizers, 24 types of aromatic amine dyes, 18 types of carcinogenic dyes, 22 types of allergenic disperse dyes, six types ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202218of other banned dyes, 21 types of banned flame retardants, and 13 types of banned organochlorine carriers. At the same time, we are committed to gradually reducing and ultimately stopping the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals, which include using environment-friendly water-based glues, reducing the content of volatile organic compounds in waste gas, and reducing the amount of treatment agents used in the shoe production process. We have introduced clear standards and requirements on the use of chemicals by our suppliers, and established the Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers, the Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers and other systems, to ensure effective control of the practices of our supplier partners in all aspects of chemical use, and make sure that our products and raw materials will not harm human health or the environment while they are worn, maintained or handled. During the financial year, we provided training on chemical safety standards and chemical safety management protocols to our suppliers, with the participation of over 500 people. Digital Empowerment Since 2020, we have invested on DTC model and formulated its development plan over the next decade. The DTC model achieves the reconstruction of relationship among people, goods and markets, enhances member value, strengthens the technological middle platform, and makes use of innovative product intelligence. It also enables efficient connection between ANTA and the retail channels, helping ANTA to quickly respond to consumer needs. In the R&D process, we have greatly shortened the R&D cycle, using AI technology to automatically generate color matching, design, and 3D technology modeling, so we can provide different color matching for designers reference. Using the data from front-end sales and market feedback, we can quickly improve product design. In addition, our smart factory has allowed transformation and upgrading of the manufacturing process through the use of digital technology. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also strive to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption and achieve mutual development. Sustainable Product Design We have developed product standards and certification standards related to ESG projects, adopt the Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products, which standardizes the technical and certification requirements for sustainable materials, sustainable production processes, sustainable packaging and sustainable products, and measure environmental and health profile of new products as part of product designing, to lead the trend of sustainability in the apparel and footwear industry. From product design concepts to the use of recycled materials as the raw materials for production, we strive to achieve efficient use of resources and reduce the environmental impact in the whole process of production. In terms of environmental technology, ANTA has Water-Repellent, A-Chill, and Aerated technologies, and we also use different eco-friendly materials. In the future, we will actively increase the proportion of sustainable products, and have already set specific goals for each brand. The National Team Series of ice-silk short sleeve shirts now incorporate Sorona special fiber. We have upgraded Sorona fiber by infusing it with various substances such as jade powder, antibacterial agents, and coffee carbon to provide functions such as cooling, antibacterial properties, heating and other functions. EcoCosy fabrics EcoCosy fiber is made from certified wood pulp including CFCC PEFC in China. Manufacturing practices meet the requirements of the level of STeP by OEKO-TEX certification standards. REPREVE nylon yarn This material is derived from industrial waste such as leftover thread, scraps, and cuttings generated during the production of nylon. It avoids the use of petroleum resources and is processed using special techniques, saving up to 44 of energy. Producing REPREVE results in approximately 50 reduction of CO 2 equivalent, compared to producing one ton of regular nylon. eco-friendly materials ANTA National Team Series ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202220SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION ANTA KIDS s apparel applies Sorona fiber, driving new fashion style of sustainable fashion. ANTA KIDS SKATEBOARD SERIES The shoe upper features GRS Space leather material, which is an eco-friendly and recycled material. The production process for this material involves the use of recycled PET plastic. In other words, the production of recycled PET plastic emits 59 less carbon dioxide than the production of virgin PET plastic, which emits approximately 2. 23kg of carbon dioxide per kg produced. ANTA LITTLE MILLENNIUM SPORTS SHOESANTA s National Team Series of Honor jackets now feature REPREVE recycled nylon material, which is specifically recycled nylon yarn. ANTA NATIONAL TEAM SERIES 21 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022KOLON SPORT uses recycled polyester fabric, which is quick-drying and highly breathable. KOLON SPORT POLARTEC LONG SLEEVE TOPDESCENTE has also launched the RE DESCENTE BIRTH, DESCENTE SEED, and DESCENTE BUILD collections, which are made from old clothing, thus embodying the concepts of environmental protection and circular economy. RE DESCENTE SERIES FILA has adopted the fabric that is made from recycled waste plastic bottles, which has a good wrinkle resistance and dry feel. The design of the garment is inspired by the global climate map, which is printed on the clothes to appeal for public attention to climate change. FILA ORIGINALE GLOBAL CITIZEN RECYCLED COLLECTION SERIES ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202222Advocating Sustainable Consumption We are making a positive impact in the area of sustainable consumption initiatives in line with our global emissions reduction targets. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also strive to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption and achieve mutual development. On the one hand, we are practicing the concept of sustainable development through our own actions. Selection into the Excellent Enterprise Cases of the Sustainable China Industry Development Initiative by APEC We have been selected as an excellent enterprise case of the Sustainable China Industry Development Initiative 2022 launched by the APEC, which recognized our practice of advocating low-carbon consumption and living through product design and R&D innovation, and promoting green transformation in our value chain. For products that are recalled in bulk, we classify them according to their damage and value. Products that can be repaired will be fixed and put on the shelf again; products that cannot be repaired but could still be used will be handled as an employee benefit; only products that cannot neither be repaired or used will be scrapped. These efforts are aimed at ensuring maximum recycling of our products. On the other hand, we have organized public awareness campaigns on eco-friendly products and explained to consumers of the chemical contents per regulatory registration requirement in an effort to promote green consumption and raise consumers awareness of environmental protection. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have notably improved our customer satisfaction rate and provided a high-quality service experience to different types of consumers. FILA also provides efficient services for customers through its Customer Service Department and Membership Management Department. The main criteria for becoming our distributor include Sales experience Ability to meet sales targets Sufficient working capital to operate an authorized store Ability to find suitable store locations and space Track record of payment and credit term Ability to comply with our operational policies and etc. In order to provide our distributors with the basic rules to abide by and standardize the supervision of their performance, we have established the Standard Operating Procedures, Terminal Activities Management Regulations and other operational terms and conditions. At the same time, we have established an incentive and rebate mechanism for distributors. When distributors meet the conditions of sales targets and receivables, we provide them with rebates in different ways to encourage their sustainable development. FILA advocating low-carbon growth and shaping sustainable fashion FILA organized the Carbon Elegant Light Life music camping to promote the concept of Sustainable Fashion to consumers. At the concert, the brand ambassador wore new products from FILA s Global Citizen recycled collection to promote FILA s appeal for environmental protection, calling on the public to protect the oceans and water sources and support to the sustainable development of the Earth. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202224Responding to Customer Demands We attach high importance to the demand of every customer. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. After receiving a compliant, the Customer Service Department will work on it within one working day, and quality-related complaints will be answered within one to three working days. We conducted assessment of customer services on the retail end, and have the relevant standards for customer reception and after-sales services. Inspectors sent by the headquarters pay undercover visits to retail stores regularly and analyze the collected data on customer complaints. In the meantime, we continuously conduct training on the competence and service awareness of service personnel, and actively work with various business department to deliver timely after-sales services and make sure that the legitimate demands of consumers are well-satisfied. FILA conducts weekly and monthly monitoring of product quality, and issues opinion reports to make improvement on products with more complaints and bring down the compliant rate of consumers. During the financial year, FILA gradually improved its services according to consumer demands, and launched the functions of shipping insurance, door-to-door pickup and store pickup in the private domain mini-program to continuously improve product quality and services. Customers can also voluntarily participate in the survey by scanning the net recommendation score QR code. By analyzing the survey data, we can identify the specific subjects that consumers complain about, such as stores, products or purchasing platforms. Respect Customer s Rights and Interests Responsible Marketing We abide by the Advertising Law of the People s Republic of China, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People s Republic of China, the E-Commerce Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans to be used in product selling process to make sure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. In this financial year, we reviewed 28 information security systems to assess the appropriateness, adequacy and effectiveness of their contents, and updated the Internet Access Management Policy, the Personal Information Protection Management Policy, the Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards, Data Sharing Process and other policies to strengthen the security management of corporate data and personal information. We also obtained ISO 27001 certification for information security management system. At the supervisory level, we established the Personal Information Protection Office to coordinate the management of personal information protection in the Group, and the Sustainability Committee reviews the Group s information security issues and reports to the Board. During the financial year, we commissioned a qualified external organization to carry out an external audit covering all areas of work related to information security management, and completed a group-wide internal audit in the same year. On the whole, our performance is consistent with the requirements of the information security management system, and no major non-compliance has been found. In addition, we carried out penetration testing of our special application systems and conducted comprehensive security penetration assessment of systems involving user data processing to ensure the safe and stable operation of application systems. During the financial year, we received no complaints from regulators or external parties regarding customer privacy violations. Highlights of the privacy policy Channels of information use sales of products, consumer marketing and services; Channels of information protection access control, encryption, sensitive information protection, etc. Means of information use internal use, handling by commissioned service providers, sharing according to law or contract; Time allowed to keep the information depending on the necessity of information use, as short as possible; Customer s right to decide customers can decide by themselves whether to provide non-essential information, and reserve the right to request the deletion of personal information. Measures for Information Security We have established an Information Security Management Committee and a specialized monitoring and enforcement team. With the support SAFEGUARD PRODUCT AND PURSUE INNOVATION 27 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022 Personal Information Protection Office handles the incident; Keep record of the incident, including the basic information of the incident, the personal information and number of people involved, the name of the system where the incident occurred, the impact on other interconnected systems, and whether law enforcement agencies or relevant departments have been contacted; Assess the possible impact of the incident and take necessary measures to control the situation and eliminate potential hazards; Report the incident in accordance with the provisions of the Emergency Plan for National Network Security Incidents, including the overall situation of the subject of personal information, possible impact of the incident, measures taken or to be taken for handling the incident, and contact information of the personnel involved in the handling the incident; Organize the notification of the security incident. and guidance of management, we have constructed a security management system and security technology system to ensure information security. Our measures include building an ISO 27001 information security management system, a data leakage prevention system, performing penetration testing, conducting offensive and defensive drills, implementing proactive and passive defense plans, and taking measures such as security monitoring, threat warning, and emergency response for core systems to trace abnormal behavior. In cases of information theft, we enforce punishment according to the established policies and disclose on the social media to serve as a warning. For core data, we have a clear management process for acquisition, transmission, use and storage; For sensitive user data, we protect and encrypt sensitive information, and develop individual-level privacy information reports; For potential information security risks, we conduct daily checks and make timely corrections on information system vulnerabilities and unauthorized access to personal privacy. During the financial year, we organized special training on data privacy management, including a special course on personal information protection and a security test, and our employees completed a series of compulsory courses on information security in the IT field and training and examination of compulsory courses on employee information security. Through employee reporting and the involvement of Personal Information Protection Office, we have been able to respond and resolve information security incidents in a timely manner. Employees can make report according to the Information Security Incident Management Policy. The information security department will organize different degrees of investigation, evaluation, processing, reporting, and summarizing based on the level of the incident; and Personal Information Protection Office will arrange for the relevant department to handle the incident according to the emergency response plan. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202228 ESG issues addressed in this chapter Supply chain managementSustainable raw material sourcing In order to build a fair, open and equitable value chain, we are practicing our commitment to responsible procurement, working together with our partners to actively assume environmental and social responsibility through supplier empowerment training and communication, and continue to build an environment-friendly, healthy, safe and efficient supply chain management system to promote the healthy development of the supply chain and achieve win-win cooperation. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION SDGs addressed in this chapter Health and Safety Hazardous Source Isolation Chemical Safety Infectious Disease Protection Occupational Disease ProtectionMutualism with the Environment Energy Conservation Carbon Emission Reduction Recycling Degradation and Regeneration Employment Compliance Respect and InclusionFire Safety Compliance Social WelfareWorkplace Compliance Waste ReductionPollution Compliance Sports and HealthManagement System Compliance Continuous ImprovementInnovation- driven Safety Efficiency HealthyEnvironmental Protection Compliance as the Foundation Culture as the RootTo become a world-leading sustainable benchmarking enterprise Profits People Environment 29 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Responsible Supply Chain Management Supply Chain Risk Management To ensure business continuity, we have established a supply chain risk management system and actively cooperated with upstream and downstream partners to enhance supply chain stability, reduce systemic risks in the supply chain, and promote sustainable development of the supply chain. Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Policy and regulatory risksAgainst the background of the dual-carbon target and related carbon emission and energy consumption control policies, more laws and regulations on emission restriction and compulsory electricity conservation may be introduced in the future, and our supply chain may face the risks of lower output and higher electricity tariff, which could reduce our production efficiency and output and drive up operating costs. Extreme weather risksGiven the impact of extreme weather such as typhoon, rainstorm and high temperature, we may face the risk of supply chain disruptions such as water and power outages for suppliers, damage to suppliers equipment or stored materials, and obstruction of logistics and transportation channels, which could affect our and suppliers production capacity and incoming material costs, and drive up operating costs and production costs. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202230Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Market risksGiven the impact of climate and environmental changes, energy transformation and other factors, we may face the risks of rising energy and raw material prices, damage to the planting environment of raw materials (e. g. cotton, rubber), and material shortage of some suppliers, which could lead to disruptions in production operations and drive up production costs. Economic and social environment riskGiven the impact of social and public events such as recurring pandemics, we may be exposed to risks such as the health and safety problems of suppliers employees and supply chain shutdown, which could result in production and operation interruptions. External risks including geopolitics or relevant restrictions or measures may also affect supply chain stability. Supply responsibility risksGiven the impact of delayed delivery caused by insufficient capacity of suppliers, obstructed logistics and other factors or major incidents of mass recall of substandard products, we may face the risk of supply chain disruption and reputation damage. Social responsibility risksAs the social issues concerning the supply chain, such as labor rights, health and safety, and business integrity, capture growing attention from all parties, we may face risks involving suppliers responsibilities such as labor disputes, employee injuries and deaths, illegal emissions, and bribery, which could lead to shutdown of the supply chain and damage to our reputation. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION 31 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Other supply risksWe and our partners may face uncertainties such as financial deterioration or financial loss in the supply chain due to potential risks involving suppliers, such as financial problems and shareholder disputes, which could affect business transactions between enterprises and aggravate financial risks. Supplier Lifecycle Management For the purpose of promoting the sustainability management of suppliers, and create an environmentally and socially responsible supply chain, we have developed a series of management policies and procedures, including the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel Suppliers and the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers, and introduced lifecycle management covering the whole process of admittance, audit, correction and exit of all suppliers, in an effort to promote standardized supplier control and improve the efficiency of supplier management. The work of supplier management is led by the Sustainability Committee and jointly promoted by the Sustainability Department, Footwear Apparel Procurement Department and all related departments. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202232CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION Key Performance in 2022 Tier 1 suppliers Tier 2 suppliers Tier 3 suppliers Suppliers that directly provide finished products (such as garments, finished shoes, finished accessories, etc.)Registered suppliers, providing materials, components and processes, including fabric, down, lining, leather, soles, auxiliary materials, molds, etc., for Tier 1 suppliersRegistered suppliers, providing materials and processes, including zippers, webbing, tapes, yarns, sole accessories, air cushions, etc., for Tier 2 suppliersCollecting supplier information We collect detailed information of our suppliers through the Supplier Basic Information Form, including company profile, basic information of the workforce and employee rights, professional qualifications or service capabilities, and relevant operational experience. Preliminary review of supplier information We conduct preliminary screening of potential suppliers based on their basic information. If zero-tolerance breaches or seriously dishonest behaviors such as use of child labor, forced labor and commercial bribery are detected during the review, the admittance process will be terminated immediately. On-site supplier review We make on-site inspections and professional assessments of suppliers business premises and practices to check the authenticity of supplier information, formally establish cooperative relationships with qualified suppliers and include the social responsibility performance standards for suppliers into the attachments of the contract to strengthen the standardized requirements for suppliers. Tiered Management In the day-to-day management of suppliers, we have adopted a categorized management to improve the management efficiency of contracted suppliers. Suppliers are classified into tier 1 suppliers, tier 2 suppliers and tier 3 suppliers according to their material categories as well as service relations and other general factors. Number of suppliers of ANTA and FILA (including footwear, apparel and accessories) Chinese suppliers 503, overseas suppliers 21 33 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Appraisal and Audit We have designed the MIS and adopted a double-axis audit method to assess suppliers quality, delivery, cost, and other current order execution capabilities, as well as their medium- and long-term development capabilities such as development and innovation, environmental management, and social responsibility. In addition to social responsibility audit for all suppliers in the admittance process, we also conduct annually social responsibility management audits for suppliers according to the ANTA Group Code of Conduct for Suppliers and the Supplier Sustainability Scope of Audit on Social Responsibility Management of Supply Chain Labor Rights Health and SafetyEnvironment and Social ResponsibilitySustainability Management System Prohibition of child labor and forced labor Prohibition of harassment and abuse Anti-discrimination Humane treatment Right to freedom of association Compliance of employment relations Compliance of working hours Paid overtime Remuneration and benefits Minimum wage standard Occupational safety Equipment safety maintenance Workplace safety Chemical safety management Contingency planning Occupational disease prevention Incident management Public health, food and accommodation Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Pollution prevention and treatment Emissions management Anti-corruption Anti-competitive behaviors Sustainable sourcing policy Establishment of the sustainability management system Establishment of the Sustainability Committee Management Handbook. During the financial year, we conducted social responsibility management audits for critical suppliers (including ANTA and FILA) which form more than 50 by cost of our procurement, and continuously track and control the rectification of various risks in order to enhance the environmental, social and governance performance of suppliers. Our suppliers are divided into five levels, from the best performing ones to the least performing ones, based on their audit results excellent, outstanding, good, improvement needed, and red line. In accordance with the Apparel Supplier MIS Performance Appraisal Management Mechanism, we provide corresponding incentives for suppliers at different levels to encourage further improvement and motivate their initiative to fulfill contracts. In addition, for suppliers that have triggered major violations such as zero-tolerance and failed to rectify the situation in a timely manner or still failed to meet the requirements after improvement, the supplier will be disqualified after the approval process and will be denied the opportunity of cooperation for two years. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202234CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION Supplier Communication and Training We always believe that a strong relationship with suppliers is based on friendly communication between the two parties. At the same time, we attach great importance to the lawful rights and interests of our suppliers and employees, and believe that a sound working atmosphere is the cornerstone of a harmonious and stable supply chain. Suppliers and their employees can report any violations of the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers or any potential violations of human rights or environmental hazards through the ANTA CSR mailbox or employee care hotline. Among them, over 50 suppliers received third-party audits on SLCP, BSCI, WCA and other programs. Supplier fire safety assessment and improvement During the financial year, we conducted a fire safety assessment for our suppliers and found a number of key risks in some factories such as three-in-one dormitories with chemical storage, cable shacks connected to many inactive cable lines, and lack of automatic fire extinguishing systems. We have offered suggestions for improvement for each point of risk keeping liquid chemicals in a hazardous chemical warehouse away from the dormitory; using tubes to connect the cable shacks with the cable lines; installing more dry powder fire extinguishers, spraying equipment and automatic alarm systems. Our auditors will continue to follow up on the corrective measures to ensure that the risks are properly addressed and improve protection for the health and safety of the workforce. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022compliance and help them understand our quality and social responsibility standards, we have developed a training and awareness program and hold regular training sessions and seminars for suppliers on topics such as quality verification, pre-production risk verification, integrity and self-discipline, labor management and rights, data and information collection, etc., to further Key Performance in 2022 Number of external certifications received by our suppliers ISO 9001 certification standard on quality assurance 257 ISO 14001 international certification standard on environmental management 184 ISO 45001 certification standard on occupational health and safety management systems 111 Bluesign certification 38 enhance suppliers understanding of product and service quality, social responsibility code of conduct and other requirements, and continuously empower suppliers to improve their management capabilities in various aspects. In addition, we collaborated with peers and non-governmental organizations on supplier empowerment to explore, mitigate, and address potential risks in the supply chain, in an effort to reduce the operating costs for suppliers and ourselves, and enhance the overall competitiveness of the supply chain. In our collaboration with WWF on sustainable development and supply chain transformation in the textile industry, we have encouraged 15 fabric and five mesh suppliers to actively engage in energy conservation and emission reduction, and introduced the FAIS water efficiency system to optimize the management of water resources, in an effort to reduce the negative impact of the supply chain on the ecological environment and promote the green development and transformation of the supply chain in the textile industry. Multiple training sessions empowered suppliers to improve ESG performance During the financial year, we organized 14 training sessions and seminars, empowering over 200 suppliers. The training sessions on ESG-related topics included the following Launch of ESG session on supply chain, boosting suppliers awareness and understanding of basic ESG concepts and our medium and long-term ESG development goals; Seminar on best ESG practices in the supply chain, providing case studies and references to improve suppliers ESG management practices; Introduction of environmental data collection, ensuring standardized supplier data collection and improving the environmental data management capability of the whole supply chain; Three training sessions on social responsibility compliance for footwear, apparel and accessories suppliers, helping suppliers familiarize themselves with the mechanism for project audit and building stronger awareness of compliance management. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202236CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION Sustainable Sourcing of Raw Materials Responsible Sourcing Following the country s policy direction of green development, we are actively fulfilling our responsibility of environmental protection, exploring green materials in the value chain, and gradually increasing the sourcing of sustainable raw materials, in order to reduce the environmental impact of our products throughout their life cycle, and move toward the strategic goal of using sustainable raw materials for the manufacturing of 50 of our products by 2030. We are committed to promoting a green supply chain and prioritizing the use of raw materials, products and services that are resource and environment-friendly, safe and healthy. Cotton, leather and other materials and their finished products are widely used in our apparel and footwear products, but the cultivation and production of these materials have both environmental and social impacts cotton cultivation and processing not only requires large amounts of water, but the use of pesticides and chemical fertilizers may also cause deterioration of soil and water quality in the surrounding environment; the leather production process generates a large amount of heavy metals, organic solvents and waste gases, and other hazardous wastes. Their leakage or improper disposal will increase the environmental burden and health threat to the society. Therefore, in order to reduce the potential environmental and social impacts of plantation and production, we commit to increase the sourcing of responsible leather and cotton materials, and prioritize the selection of suppliers certified by the Leather Working Group, the Global Organic Textile Standard and other relevant international standards. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Key Performance in 2022 LWG Gold certified leather materials are used in 100 of ANTA s and FILA s footwear leather products, and all of them can be traced to their place of origin. Organizing training on sustainable leather production process to improve the environmental performance of leather material production In September, we launched training on environmental protection and water conservation for all leather suppliers, encouraging them to minimize the use of fresh water in the leather tanning process, eliminate the discharge of untreated sewage sludge, and actively carry out water reuse and other maximized emission reduction actions. In November, we conducted training for all leather suppliers on material chemical safety and the technical requirements for chemical safety, explained the hazard and control methods of key chemical substances in the leather tanning process, and enhanced suppliers awareness of chemicals-related regulation by presenting external cases of chemical risks, conducting internal inspections on chemicals-related violations, introducing measures for dealing with non-compliant products and adopting plans for prevention and improvement. In order to convey our abiding commitment of green development to suppliers, we launch training program and regularly conduct training and advocacy sessions on responsible supply chain, and explain our requirements of green supply chain management to our suppliers. With training sessions covering topics including responsible land management, water reduction, and chemical and production of responsible leather and cotton, we aim to further raise suppliers awareness of social responsibility management and work with them to create a green future together. Raw Material Traceability In order to ensure the safety and reliability of our products, we will gradually improve the traceability procedures from raw materials to final products, and continuously increase the proportion of products whose materials can be traced back to their places of origin, so as to ensure compliance with production standards and responsible management requirements throughout the process, and fulfill our commitment of providing customers with safe, healthy and high-quality products. In addition, in order to ensure effective and reliable traceability of raw materials, we have customized the scope of traceability and assessment standards according to the special features of different products and materials, and formulated targeted action plans on traceability, including traceability of recyclable yarns using the trace element method. In addition, we provide digital training and seminars for our staff, distributors and store employees to promote the understanding and application of digital transformation and related tools, and bolster high-quality business development. We have developed internal management policies, such as the Social Recruitment Management System of ANTA Group, the Campus Recruitment Management Regulations, and the Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy, to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Talent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. In the meantime, we conduct human resources analysis according to our corporate strategies and characteristics of various job vacancies to identify the talents needed, put the right person in the right job, and achieve efficient and precise talent recruitment. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. and above13. 6 12. 4 74. 0 Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and overseas regions ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202240Respecting Employee Rights Respecting Human Rights As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we abide by all internationally recognized human DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENT During the financial year, we received the following best employer awards Award name Award institution China s Most Attractive Employers Top 3 (Fashion, accessories and luxury goods) Universum China s Most Attractive Employers Top 100 (By business commerce students) Best ESG Employer 2022 Aon China 2021 China Best Employer Zhaopin Applying People Analytics to Achieve Effective Workforce Planning We introduced third-party assessment tools in the evaluation of our future talents, conducted personality tests on our employees and assessed the comprehensive quality of our management personnel, in an effort to build a customized talent management system. We gathered information about the reasoning ability, management ability, professional personality, and organization loyalty of the personnel under evaluation, and applied the test results to different scenarios such as recruitment and hiring, executive reserve, employee performance management and strategic workforce planning. Recruitment and selection We conducted personality assessment on candidates to identify the characteristic, skills, strengths and weaknesses of potential talents; Executive reserve We conducted comprehensive caliber assessment for middle and senior-level management personnel to analyze their ability and willingness, and make timely adjustment in their positions; Employee performance management We analyzed all employees personal abilities and training status, introduced a personal caliber assessment scale, provided employees with feedback and development suggestions based on the assessment results, and urged them to seek self-improvement; Strategic workforce planning We applied the results of human resources analysis to the formulation of strategic workforce planning, to identify key positions and talent gaps, and push for the upgrade of the talent management system. Prohibition of Child Labor and Forced Labor We prohibit child labor or any form of forced labor in any of our operations, and introduce an Identity card verification system combined with manual verification at the time of recruitment and entry to ensure that employees meet the minimum working age requirements set by law. In the event that child labor are recruited by mistake, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. In case of any violation, we will immediately terminate the cooperation process. As the Employee Handbook explains, there must be no discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion or development of employees based on gender, age, nationality, religious belief, complexion, race, ethnic group, sexual orientation, political affiliation, family background and health or other social identity. These efforts protect employees against discrimination and harassment, including physical, verbal, sexual or psychological harassment, abuse or threats. During the Women s Day Special Activities, Salute to the She-power On Women s Day, all our departments actively launched themed activities to create a harmonious and pleasant working atmosphere for female employees and pay tribute to all the hard-working women in various positions. The Group s production departments also publicized the exemplary performance of female employees in each product line. In addition, we also held Women s Day activities in various departments, sending women employees beautiful gifts and offering flower arranging, manicure and handicraft courses to make life more colorful for them in their spare time. ANTA Forum and other activities, we also provide simultaneous interpretation for our foreign employees, so that they can better understand the content of our activities and fully integrate into the ANTA family. Key Performance in 2022 During the financial year, we received no complaints about discrimination or harassment in our workplace. Employees can contact the relevant departments through online and offline channels such as suggestion box, cloud platform, mailbox, hotline, and the official WeChat account of ANTA Integrity. After receiving feedback or complaints from employees, the department concerned will send emails to the business unit for investigation and follow-up, so as to effectively respond to and help employees solve their problems. For example, in the process of personal performance appraisal, if an employee disagrees with the appraisal result, he she can submit the Personal Performance Complaint Form within two days after receiving the result. Upon receipt of the form, the relevant management staff of the Group will immediately conduct an investigation, and adjust the result of performance if appropriate based on the conclusion of the investigation. In addition to the regular feedback channels, we have also established special communication platforms such as interview with senior executive, ANTA Forum, ANTA Youth WeChat public account, message board on the corporate culture website, and the Youth Observation section of ANTA Youth, to bring executives closer to employees and better listen to the voices of young employees. During the financial year, we proposed a strategic vision of improving employee engagement and set annual targets. We proposed various improvement measures, such as offering salary adjustment incentives to employees with good performance, strengthening the echelon of our workforce, and rationalizing staff allocation, in order to relieve employees work pressure and create a positive and motivating organizational atmosphere. During the financial year, over 10, 000 employees participated in the survey and the overall employee engagement score was 80, up by 7 percentage point compared to 2021. Employee Remuneration and Benefits Employee Remuneration Management We are committed to providing fair, reasonable and market-competitive remuneration and benefits, giving full play to the motivating effect of the remuneration and performance appraisal system on talents, and continuously attracting and retaining high-caliber both within and outside the Company. Every year, we make appropriate adjustment to the salary and benefits we provide to our employees in accordance with the salary level in the market and our business performance. In addition, we grant stock awards to our employees to recognize their contributions to us, and retain high-caliber talents to support our high-quality development. Employee Welfare Management In accordance with national and regional laws and regulations, we have formulated the Welfare Management Policy and other regulations, and established a comprehensive welfare protection system. In addition, we have actively introduced broad range of non-statutory benefits and expanded the coverage of benefits to all employees to continuously improve employees welfare. Statutory benefitsLeave entitlement statutory holidays, weekends, sick leave, work related injury leave, personal leave, marriage leave, bereavement leave, annual leave, leave in lieu Social insurance basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund Health protectionMedical protection medical care plan, including special health check for workers on special jobs, and supplemental medical insurance Psychological counseling psychological counseling hotline, psychological counseling appointmentHealth knowledge promotion bulletin boards, brochures, health knowledge contest, etc. for most female employees Leave entitlement All employees can apply for maternity leave, and female employees are entitled to breastfeeding leave Workplace facilities The mother-and-baby room is equipped with a baby care table, crib, refrigerator and sterilizer; the staff dormitory is equipped with rooms for pregnant women and rooms for visiting relatives Health knowledge promotion online communication platform for maternal and child health services, female health seminars Employee supportCharity subsidy Hemin Health Assistance program helps employees whose families face special financial difficulties due to major diseases or unavoidable disasters Academic support Hemin Student Sponsorship program provides support for employees whose children have been admitted to colleges and universities but face financial difficulties at home Care for employees with disability We have set up some special positions for people with disability, and arranged work stations according to employees physical conditions. For example, employees with hearing and auditory disabilities work in the same area, and employees with mobility difficulties are put in convenient positions on the first floorDIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENT 45 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Housing supportSupplementary housing All employees can apply for welfare housing and staff dormitories, and married employees can apply for family suites Housing subsidies The Sweet Home Plan provides mortgage assistance and assistance in housing subsidy application for employees Other benefits Holiday benefits employee holiday benefits; special events on the Spring Festival, Women s Day, Mid-Autumn Festival, and other holidays Additional subsidies service subsidy, meal subsidy, kilometer subsidyAnti-epidemic protection gift packs, supplies, text-message wishes From Isolation to Work, We Protect Shanghai Employees with Our Heart During the financial year, we continued to provide care for our employees in need, helping them navigate through the challenge of pandemic. From isolation to work, we faced up to the difficulties and provided all-round protection for our employees. At the height of the pandemic in Shanghai, when material supplies were seriously disrupted, we launched a special welfare campaign to show our care for employees, giving out more than 2, 000 gift packs of vegetables and other supplies to employees in 14 districts in Shanghai, and distributed supplies to employees relatives who were in need of assistance in Shanghai. After the pandemic situation stabilized in the city, we prepared a nice gift for each and every employee who returned to work, and organized a Good to See You group activity to send the best wishes from all of our employees to our colleagues in Shanghai. We have formulated the Training Operation Management Policy, ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy, Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, and other training policies, to clarify the training operation process and lecturers responsibilities and form a well-rounded internal talent training system. In line with the trend of sustainable development, we have also launched various training programs related to ESG issues to broaden the knowledge spectrum of our employees. Name of school-enterprise cooperation training programProgram description Tsinghua Academy of Arts & Design Master s Forum With a focus on the theme of Blending Art with Science, the program provided cutting-edge art insight for more than 3, 000 participants in design and planning-related positions of the Company. Donghua University x ANTA Micro Forum on Material Science Innovation The program focused on the research of innovative sportswear products and the development of employees innovative management skills, targeting at positions related to materials, process, technology, quality, products and design, and around 700 employees took part in online learning under the program. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Improvement in degree program We provide continuing education resources for our employees, encouraging all employees (including part-time and contractors) to pursue the improvement in degree program. For management-level employees, we encourage them to pursue MBA Name of programTarget group Purpose of training Content of training TOP 150 ProgrammeSenior managementWe set up committees for different types of TOP 150 talents in order to select, assess, train, and cultivate the global vision, strategic planning and diversified management capabilities of employees. Improvement in degree Participation in industry forum Visit to outstanding peer companies Job rotation Champion Class ProgrammeBackbone employee at intermediate levelWe set up an Interview Committee to select the participants of the program, focusing internally on young and talented employees with strong overall ability, and externally recruiting outstanding talents graduated from top business schools in China and abroad. Regular meeting opportunities with the Chairman Olympic Star ProgrammeOutstanding young employeesWe select employees with managerial potential from all the new recruits through a horse-race mechanism, and have them personally coached by senior management. Those with outstanding performance in the bi-annual assessment will be specially promoted to build up their loyalty to us. For the supply chain, we have set up college and bachelor s degree upgrade programs and encourage employees in need to sign up. For the production department, we have launched Binary Education Upgrade classes with junior colleges such as Liming Vocational University and Quanzhou Huaguang College, and a total of 120 employees have successfully graduated from these classes. In a ddition, we have launched an education upgrade program with Huaqiao University, covering fine arts, visual communication design and product design, with a cumulative enrollment of approximately 17 employees. In order to build the leadership skills of employees, we analyzed the leadership behavior data of nearly 2, 000 employees over the past two years, and, with reference to the results of employee engagement survey and interviews with senior management, identified the areas of their improvements, and designed a leadership program named Team Leader Squad. The leadership program Team Leader Squad was selected into the 2021 Branded Learning Programs Development project of the Training, and won the Learning Program Award at the Bund Human Resources Summit during the financial year. We are committed to establishing a more streamlined, effective and flexible promotion mechanism. The conditions for promotion are unified and open, and the promotion results are made public to all employees. Moreover, for outstanding employees with high potential and those who have made outstanding contributions to us, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log on to our internal Employee Career Development Platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through open competition for job vacancies within the Group. and the Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T45001-2020), we have formulated a number of regulations, including the Manual on the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety, the Occupational Health and Safety Regulations, the Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety, and we are committed to continuously refine our occupational and health security management system. Our occupational health and safety management is oversight by a designated executive, and management representatives report regularly on performance and improvement needs. Our employee representatives are responsible for collecting and reflecting the views of employees on occupational health and safety matters and participate in the discussion of major occupational health and safety issues. The Group s administrative department leads the day-to-day management, defining the process of the occupational health management system and assigning functions to each line, and setting up an occupational safety leadership team at each site to hold regular internal discussions on ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202250DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENT occupational health and safety issues. In the case of work-related injuries that fall within their scope of responsibilities, the relevant management staff must immediately deal with the accidents, and his her performance appraisal points will also be deducted according to the rules. Safety Prevention and Control In order to build a safe workplace, we strengthen hazard prevention and control, monitor the inducing factors of occupational disease, and submit reporting on the occupational hazards in the workplace on an annual basis. We have also introduced automated technology equipment and put in place a full-fledged, front-loaded safety accident prevention system. Safety PrecautionsWe provide employees in different positions with corresponding labor protective products and first-aid equipment, conduct daily supervision and correction of employees use of labor protective products, and optimize 51 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022the work environment for our employees by upgrading exhaust equipment or air collection devices, installing heat protection equipment, and replacing oil-based glue with environment-friendly, water-based glue. In the vicinity of workplaces, work stations or equipment prone to occupational disease hazards, we set up warning signs and hazard notification cards with reference to the Warning Signs for Occupational Hazards in the Workplace and the Management Regulations for the Occupational Disease Hazard Notification and Warning Sign of Employers to remind employees to operate with caution. Safety Emergency Drills Every year, we formulate an emergency drill plan and organize a variety of safety emergency drills. For fire safety, we regularly conduct large-scale fire safety drills every year to enhance employees escape and response capability; for pandemic response, we monitor policy changes in a timely manner, prepare anti-epidemic supplies in advance, and make emergency plans; for extreme weather conditions such as rainstorm and typhoon, we carry out advance deployment and emergency control, and continuously supplement and improve the safeguard measures according to the situation on the ground. The relevant responsible persons will be held accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Safety Training and EducationWe regard Safety Culture as a foundation of production safety management of the enterprise, and conduct targeted safety education according to the job requirements for each position. New employees are required to receive level 3 safety training, fire safety training, and other safety training on subjects such as the prevention of work-related injuries and machine operation regulations. Relevant personnel are also required to take part in the training for the certification of first responder or safety officer. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202252PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT SDGs addressed in this chapter ESG issues addressed in this chapter Climate change GHG emissionsUse of energy Biodiversity and land useGeneral waste dischargeUse of packaging materialsWaste gas and waste water dischargeUse of water resources We actively respond to the national green development requirements and take the realization of green development and dual-carbon goals as an important part of our development. Combating Climate Change We are aware of the risks that climate change brings to our business and are committed to addressing climate change-related risks and seizing climate-related opportunities. At the same time, we pledge to actively use clean energy, improve energy efficiency across the board, reduce carbon emissions in production and 53 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Metrics and TargetsRisk ManagementStrategyGovernanceoperations, and collaborate with upstream and downstream partners to address climate change risks and reduce the potential impact of climate related risks, through both management and technological innovation in accordance with the United Nations SDGs. During the financial year, we have established a climate change governance framework and produced a list of potential climate risks under different climate scenarios in accordance with Guidance on Climate Disclosures by HKEX. In the future, we will continue to promote the identification of climate change risks and opportunities, deepen the analysis of their impact on business, strategy and financial planning, improve the construction of risk management systems and processes, refine risk management metrics and targets, and set up specific actions for climate risk management and incorporate them into the long-term planning of business strategies. The Board has the ultimate and overall responsibility on the Group s climate change related matters, with monitoring on the Sustainability Committee s work and receipt of the committee s reporting. The Sustainability Committee is responsible the identification, evaluation, management and reporting of climate-related risks and opportunities, aiming to reduce the negative effect of our business development and ensure the effective implementation of climate change-related work. Under the guidance of the Sustainability Committee, the Sustainability Department collaborates with persons-in-charge of each department and business unit to promote the identification and assessment of climate change risks and the implementation of related management strategies. Strategy In order to better understand the impact of climate change on our business, we carefully assess the physical risks, transition risks and opportunities of climate change on business marketing of the significant component of our business. In relation to our business segments and with reference to the climate scenarios proposed by the United Nations IPCC, NGFS and other institutions, we have constructed three climate scenarios, i. e. 1. 5 C scenario, 2 C scenario and 3 C scenario, for the short-term (0-5 years), medium-term (6-10 years) and long-term (up to 2050) timeframes. The scenario-based assessment of the physical environment and socioeconomic environment lays the foundation for identifying key climate parameters, and provides the basis for further identifying the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks on our business, strategy and financial planning. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202254Climate Scenario Construction Name of scenarioDescription of scenario Scenario of reference 1. 5 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 1. 5 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, but the frequency and intensity of severe climate events begin to stabilize at a new normal. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, companies face more stringent compliance requirements on carbon reduction targets, green electricity use, carbon price mechanism coverage, and low-carbon procurement, global energy transformation picks up pace and a power system driven mainly by clean electricity takes shape in 2030, consumers start to pay attention to the carbon information of products and become more conscious of sustainable consumption. IPCC SSP1-1. 9 NGFS Net Zero 2050 WBCSD 1. 5 C Societal Transformation Scenario 2 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 2 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, the frequency and intensity of extreme weather increases significantly before and after 2030, some high-risk areas are clearly affected by climate events, but governments are taking systematic adaptation measures to deal with the impact. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, voluntary carbon reduction targets are issued by most enterprises, the compliance requirements for energy-intensive industries become more stringent, the carbon pricing mechanism is not expanded to more industries, global energy transformation picks up pace, consumers are more conscious of sustainable consumption but less capable of making consumption. IPCC SSP2-2. 6 NGFS Delayed Transition WBCSD Forecast Policy Scenario 3 C scenario Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 3 C, climate impacts can be strongly felt globally, with notable increase in frequency and intensity, climate change impacts most regions and populations in the world, and the response measures taken by governments are temporary rather than systematic. Socioeconomic impact The climate targets and policies adopted by countries have not been further strengthened, only some enterprises have issued voluntary carbon reduction targets, and the supply chain is not sufficiently motivated to cut carbon emissions; global energy transition is slow, clean energy is not sufficiently available, and the purchase of non-essential consumer goods by consumers is significantly reduced. IPCC SSP2-4. 5 NGFS Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs)PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT 55 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022In accordance with the TCFD and Guidance on Climate Disclosures, we have assessed the physical risks (including acute risks with short-term impacts and chronic risks caused by long-term shifts in climate patterns) and transition risks that may affect ANTA Sports, identified five potential physical risks in two categories and 13 potential transition risks in four categories, and produced a list of potential climate risks, which will be used as an important input for further assessing the impact of climate-related material risks on our business. List of Potential Climate Risks Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Physical risk Acute riskTyphoonFujian province is a typical landing spot of typhoons. Increased frequency of floods may disrupt highway traffic and transportation across regions, potentially jeopardizing the stable operation of logistics and transportation. Physical risk Chronic riskExtreme changes in rainfall patterns and weather patternsIncreased frequency of extreme weather patterns such as floods, typhoons and thunderstorms caused by climate change will have a significant impact on agriculture. This long-term change will visibly affect the planting patterns and purchase prices of natural fibers such as cotton, which will in turn lead to an increase in operating costs. Average temperature riseThe rise in average temperature caused by climate change may affect the yield of agricultural products, which may lead to a reduction in production of natural fibers such as cotton in the long term, pushing up the purchase price and eventually affecting corporate income. The increase in hot weather may lower the work efficiency of employees and jeopardize their health and safety, pushing up the expenses of high-temperature subsidies and medical care as well as may suppress public demand for outdoor sports, resulting in lower consumer demand for outdoor products. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202256PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition riskPolicy and legal riskHigher pricing for GHG emissionsUnder a carbon-reduction scenario, the consumer goods sector may be further incorporated into the carbon pricing mechanism in China s carbon trading market; the EU is already planning to issue a carbon border tax requirement for the textile industry. A carbon price could set the direction for the market, and encourage low-carbon energy consumption and innovation in low-carbon technologies. If the Company emits more GHG emissions than it is allowed to, it will have to incur extra operating costs. Enhanced emissions reporting obligationsANTA Sports is listed on the HKEX. Existing requirements and regulation of products and servicesThe existing requirements and regulation of products and services may drive up the cost of professional training for the Company s sales personnel. Government or industry associations may impose increasingly stringent requirements on the energy consumption standards of the products and the carbon intensity of the industry, including possible requirement for the carbon footprint label of products or carbon intensity per unit weight of product, or even requirement for the elimination of high-carbon products. Transition riskTechnology riskFailure on new technology investment The potential of transferring to industry with clean and low-carbon technology may lead to extra investment. Cost of low-carbon technology transitionIn recent years, more and more electric and even hydrogen-driven vehicles have been used in freight transport. The replacement and upgrade cost of the freight vehicles may have an impact on the cost of this particular link on the value chain segment, and eventually pass on to ANTA Sports. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition risk Market riskChanges in customer behaviorOur customers may seek more environmentally friendly products and service experiences due to consumer preferences or policy requirements. Due to ever more rigorous requirements of environmental protection and increased policy actions, the demand for low-carbon transformation of raw materials and energy is becoming higher and higher. Suppliers will transfer the cost of environmental protection to the downstream suppliers, and the cost of energy consumption, raw materials etc., will increase due to requirement of low-carbon transitions. Transition riskReputation riskChange in consumer preferenceWith changing public perception and consumer preference, more attention will be paid to the low-carbon attributes of goods, which may lead to an increase in the demand for low-carbon products and affect the preferred forms of sales, such as the green design and mode of promotion adopted by the stores. Increased stakeholder concerns and negative feedbackMore and more investors are adopting ESG investment principles, such as responsible investment principles, and closely following companies climate change actions. In order to cope with the risks associated with climate change, we continue to expand our efforts and measures in areas such as biodiversity protection based on the concept of coexistence between corporate development and the environment; introduce carbon inventories to promote green and low-carbon development in the value chain and areas of consumption; set up contingency plans for extreme weather and natural disasters such as typhoons and earthquakes to ensure stable production and operations. Targets Based on the assessment of climate change risks and potential opportunities and our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, we have, in line with our development strategy, formulated and actively promoted the 1 3 5 strategic goals for achieving mutualism with the environment, and will continue to promote clean and low-carbon transformation of our business, push forward green and low-carbon development in the value chain, and enhance our climate resilience and sustainable competitiveness. In the future, we will continue to improve and refine our climate change metrics and targets. By 2050 carbon neutralityStrategic Goals 1 3 5 PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT THREE ZEROES 59 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022FIVE 50 THREE ZEROES 5Product Carbon Footprint Management Climate change has become the biggest global challenge. We have proactively responded to China s goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060, we worked with our upstream and downstream partners to tackle climate change, and we are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. Commitment to Science Based Target Based on the goal of achieving net- zero carbon emissions by 2050, we have formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. At the same time, considering the requirement of Scope 3 carbon reduction from SBTi, we will expand carbon footprint calculation to include all core products, from upstream raw materials to downstream retail, and develop a comprehensive carbon reduction plan to work toward the goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Low-Carbon Production and Operations Conducting Carbon Emissions Assessment In cooperation with external consulting institutions, we conducted carbon intensity assessment of our seven self-owned operating factories, three office buildings and one logistics center in accordance with ISO 14064-1 2008. By 2030 net-zero carbon emissions in self-owned operating facilities, zero use of virgin plastic in self-owned operating facilities, and zero landfill of self-generated production wasteBy 2030 increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50, replace 50 of strategic partners energy consumption with renewable energy, use sustainable packaging for 50 of products, replace 50 of fuel used for transportation in our self-owned operating facilities with clean fuels, and apply 50 sustainable raw materials ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202260Measures aimed at improving energy efficiency in production Exercised daily control of air conditioners, boilers and other equipment and control with time switch to reduce non-essential energy consumption; Conducted regular maintenance to reduce abnormal operation of equipment, replacing old equipment on a timely basis, and promoting energy-saving equipment such as energy-saving lamps to improve the operation efficiency of the equipment and reduce energy loss; Conducted monthly inspection on energy conservation to analyze the energy conservation status of each floor, and following up on the energy conservation measures and suggestions of each department in a timely manner; Carried out energy conservation activities such as energy conservation renovation and application of new technologies to reduce electricity usage. Measures aimed at improving energy efficiency in logistics Promoted the use of clean energy and gradually replacing existing fuel vehicles with electric vehicles; Promoted photovoltaic power generation projects, which are already in use in some warehouses; Built new warehouses and rearranging transport routes to shorten the journey of cargo transport, and reduce the carbon emissions of freight vehicles. Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Production In order to promote energy conservation and effective use of energy, we have established an energy conservation and emission reduction management system and an energy conservation and emission reduction implementation plan. During the financial year, we conducted carbon intensity assessment of our seven self-owned operating factories to identify the sources of carbon emissions. In the meantime, based on the carbon intensity assessment, we picked ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. as pilot sites to review the existing emission reduction measures and design and evaluate possible energy conservation and emission reduction measures, including the construction of green factories and the development of distributed photovoltaic projects, with a view to promoting viable solutions to all plants. On the basis of compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we have established internal policies, such as the Regulations on the Management of Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction and the Standardized Management Specifications for Production of Packaging Boxes, with the aim of building a green logistics system. During the financial year, based on the carbon intensity assessment of our logistics and distribution centers, we adopted an energy conservation and carbon reduction plan in line with our operational practices, including measures to control the use of refrigerants and improve warehouse lighting, which will be assessed for feasibility through pilot implementation and introduced to all logistic and distribution centers. Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Office We formulated the Office Management Policy and Central Air Conditioning Turn-On Off Control Standards to regulate the use of energy resources as well as the minimum requirement and time for turning on air conditioning in office areas, and adopted a number of green office measures. During the PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT 61 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022current financial year, we conducted an assessment of the carbon emissions intensity of our Jinjiang operation building and proposed potentially feasible measures to reduce carbon emissions, such as reusing office furniture and using electric office vehicles, which were evaluated on a pilot basis and gradually extended to all operation bases. Management of Carbon Emissions on the Supply Chain We are working with our core tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers to spearhead the management of carbon emissions from our suppliers. During the financial year, we started collecting carbon emission and energy use data of core tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers to access their carbon emission intensity. In addition, we actively pursued over 20 suppliers facilities to use clean energy and renewable energy, and assisted four suppliers to obtain green certification, and promoted them to procure low-carbon and sustainable raw materials in an effort to build a green supply chain. At the same time, we have set up management systems in accordance with ISO 14001 and ISO 14064 standards to improve the environmental management of our production and operation processes. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas missions from fossil fuel consumption CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of refrigerants compared to 2021, adding ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. and the Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO 2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 is adopted from Notice on the management of greenhouse gas emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 (Huanban Qihou 2023 No. 43). In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. Key Performance in 2022 GHG emissions and emission intensity 145, 454 2. 95178, 794 22. 9 3. 33 12. 9 142, 682173, 9742, 7724, 820 2021 2022 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions (ton of CO2 equivalent)2 Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions (ton of CO2 equivalent)3 Total GHG emissions (ton of CO2 equivalent) Total GHG emission intensity (ton of CO2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB) ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202262Key Performance in 2022 ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Shangqiu ANTA Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. have received the ISO 14001 environmental management system certification ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sportswear Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. have passed the ISO 14064-1 GHG verificationPROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT Energy efficiency measures in office areas Establish a regular inspection system for public office areas and conduct checks on safety risks to ensure the lowest per capita energy consumption; Manage the energy use of air conditioning, lighting and other equipment to ensure proper usage and conduct regular maintenance to extend their service life and improve the efficiency of resource use; Manage the use of paper and other office supplies, promote paperless office, and make double-sided printing as the default setting to reduce the consumption of office paper; Reduce GHG emissions from travel by replacing some business trips with video conferencing. The purchased electricity data are obtained from the purchased electricity volume of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities, logistics facility and store facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The purchased electricity data in 2022 increased. Energy consumption (unit kWh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and purchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of T otal Production Energy Consumption (GB2589-2020). Key Performance in 2022 Gasoline (kWh) Diesel (kWh) Natural gas (kWh) Purchased electricity (kWh) 4 Purchased steam (kWh) Total energy consumption (mWh) 5366, 546 199, 930 14, 504, 389 265, 058, 740 57, 573, 558 337, 703 63 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Emissions and Waste Emissions Management We have established internal systems such as the Wastewater Treatment Operation Procedures to manage emissions, and taken effective measures to promote green production, including actively controlling the environmental impact of the production process and reducing the generation and discharge of pollutants. At the same time, we have commissioned qualified third parties to conduct regular inspections of wastewater, exhaust and noise to ensure compliance in waste discharge, with the goal of gradually reducing the intensity of emissions in the future. After treatment, supernatant that meets the standard will be discharged, and sludge will be dewatered and transported for disposal; Reducing the use of chemicals, therefore reducing the loads of chemicals in wastewater treatment. Equipping electric engraving machines with a pulse-jet collector to reduce dust pollution; Adding a new cutting waste recycling device and using innovative liquid nitrogen cryogenic grinding technology, which enables full waste recycling and substantially reduces dust in our factories. In the meantime, we conduct general or key controls over our waste recycling partners, depending on the circumstances. For these types of waste, we set up collection points where they get sorted and recovered by the waste recycling department; Non-recyclable waste including domestic and engineering wastes that have no recycling value. These types of waste are collected by relevant departments for centralized disposal; Hazardous waste we set up hazardous waste warehouse to keep them in storage, and commission qualified third parties to treat and dispose of them all together so as to ensure compliance with laws and regulations on hazardous waste disposal. At the same time, we promote sorting and recycling of waste, and reduce the proportion of waste going to landfill and incineration. Key Performance in 2022 Waste Production Total hazardous waste produced (tons) 6 Total non-hazardous waste produced (tons) 7 9, 204335. 4 6 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the office building in Xiamen, the FILA office building, Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and the hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. Non-hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of non-hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of non-hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building, Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. and Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd., and the non-hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. Key Performance in 2022 Total water consumption (m3) Total water consumption intensity (m revenue per million RMB)Measures to raise the efficiency of water utilization Improving the recycling rate of production water, renovating and upgrading the boiler return water piping system, and recycling steam boiler water (hot water) under the condition of ensuring water quality; Improving the reuse rate of domestic water, such as maximizing the use of reclaimed water for greening; Purchasing water-saving appliances and making water-saving improvements to existing facilities, such as using moderate-sized faucet valves and sinking filled-up bottles into the flushing water tanks in the factory toilets to take up volume and reduce the amount of flushing water needed; Regularly inspecting the plumbing equipment, and monitoring and analyzing water use to prevent water pipes from dripping, leaking and bursting that would result in equipment damage; Strengthening awareness campaigns on water conservation and posting water conservation slogans at major water-using locations to enhance employees awareness of water conservation. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202266Sustainable Packaging We are actively reducing the use of packaging materials from production to sales and promoting the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the pressure on resources and the Promoting Packaging Reduction Promoting Sustainable Packaging Reducing the use of packaging paper, redesigning the specifications of packaging paper, standardizing the size of packaging cartons used in our supply chain, logistics and stores, and minimizing the use of tags, isolation paper for apparel packaging and packaging cartons; Using crates, instead of cartons, for internal circulation in the factories; improving the reuse rate of cartons in logistics, such as recycling cartons after shipping them to self-owned operating factories; Improving in-store displays to reduce the use of packaging materials. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT 67 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Key Performance in 2022 Total packaging material consumption during the financial year was 24, 064 tons More than 50 of FILA s footwear products (including shoebox, tag and wrapping paper) have used sustainable packaging 100 of DESCENTE s shoes packaging paper and paper shoe tree have received FSC and GRS certifications respectively Change to light packaging helps preserve our green homeland The green development of packaging products is an important part of our low-carbon operation. We have introduced changes and upgrade to product packaging in order to realize the goals of reduced use, light weight and recycling. Through the coordinated efforts of all departments, we have successfully upgraded the sustainability of shoe boxes and shopping bags the shoe box, which was reduced from five layers to three layers, with added weight for each layer, now weighs only 510 grams, down by about 15 from the original weight of 600 grams, and the weight of each shopping bag was reduced from 120 grams to 100 grams, down by about 16. The sustainable development upgrade of shoe boxes and shopping bags helps to reduce carbon emissions and conserve water and electricity, while also reducing costs. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202268Co-organizing the Panda Tour in Xiamen together with the One Planet FoundationBiodiversity Conservation As a global strategic partner of WWF, we have been promoting the conservation of biodiversity for many years. We are committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Regulations of the People s Republic of China on Nature Reserves, and we are committed not to engaging in deforestation. In October, on the occasion of International Panda Day, we co-organized Panda Tour in Xiamen together with the One Planet Foundation. During the event, the paper sculptures of pandas made their debut in Xiamen, and 30 employee volunteers participated in the organization work on site. The event effectively raised public awareness of biodiversity conservation and made a call to the public to join in the protection of endangered wildlife species. In the future, we will continue to monitor and track the progress of restoration to support the enhancement of forest biodiversity and upgrade the service functions of the forest ecosystem. During the event, nearly 20 employees volunteers participated in fry stocking, habitat clean-up and other activities. In addition, we also made donations for the building of the interactive science museum on the theme of Yangtze River dolphins to raise public awareness of Yangtze River dolphins conservation and mobilize more people and social forces to participate in biodiversity conservation. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202270This section responds to the SDGs goals Public welfare system We believe in Value Creation through Mutualism, that is, mutualism with partners, mutualism with employees, mutualism with the society, and mutualism with the environment, We are actively fulfilling our social responsibility and promoting the company s development in the ESG field, while continuously improving our public welfare system and contributing to public welfare and charity. Our Public Welfare System Key Foundation Core Value Vision Area Goal Direct donation of cash and sportswear Estab lished ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project The founding family of the Group established the Hemin Foundation Integrity and Gratitude Becoming a pioneer in fulfilling social responsibilities among Chinese enterprises Youth sports education, sports development, medical and health care, community support and rural revitalization, environmental sustainability Promoting common prosperity and better meeting people s aspirations for a better life based on the core objectives of sports empowerment and healthy China ESG issues addressed in this section Social Investment Over the years, we have actively practiced our social responsibility and contributed to sports development and the society while promoting corporate production and operations. One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region s capacity of medical services. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group, establishes the program dedicated to supporting the active retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties in the future. One poverty alleviation project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group, improving the community life, medical conditions and infrastructure of the villages, as well as participating in national disaster assistance and international humanitarian assistance. During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB23 million in cash to different charities, and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) exceeded RMB200 million. With efforts in areas such as education, sports and people s livelihood, we have taken concrete actions to give back to the society and launched the following social responsibility mechanism based on the core objectives of sports empowerment and healthy China Keeping Sports Development Close to Heart As a leading sportswear company in China, we aspire to invest more resources in sports development and public health by continuously promoting different types of social projects. Through sports product donations, cash donations and training of physical education teachers, etc., we facilitate the development of sports in underdeveloped areas. ANTA has been a partner of the Chinese Olympic Committee for 16 consecutive years and has sponsored Olympic equipment for 22 Chinese national teams, including winter sports, boxing, taekwondo, gymnastics, karate, weightlifting, wrestling and trampoline, we have made multi-pronged efforts to promote sports activities and sports development. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202272Athlete-Public Interaction As role models in society, athletes are expected to present a positive image to young people. We have invited Olympic Champion of Short Track Speed Skating Wu Dajing, Women s Volleyball World Champion Wei Qiuyue, Taekwondo World Champion Wu Jingyu, China s first World Champion of Figure Skating Chen Lu, and former Men s Basketball National team player Zhang Qingpeng, to join us as ANTA Welfare Super A Partners. We have also invited Weightlifting World ChampionDeng Wei, Gymnastics World Champion Deng Shudi, Freestyle Skiing Aerial Skills World Champion Cheng Shuang, and former Women s Soccer National team player Lou Xiaoxu to take the role of ANTA Welfare Super A Partners, in an effort to bring athletes into school campus and closer to the public to promote the spirit of sports, share their growth experience, and spread love and warmth. It enables students to master the basic knowledge and skills of physical education and sports, which plays a vital role in improving the level of physical fitness of Chinese citizens. We have actively responded to the advocacy of the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Education for the integration of sports and education, and committed ourselves to the development of youth sports education. We promoted training courses which are more suitable for underdeveloped areas in order to allow more youth and teenager to enjoy the happiness from sports activities. A total of 265 youths from five provinces, including Jilin, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Jiangxi and Guizhou, participated in the camps, and famous athletes such as Wei Qiuyue and Zhang Qingpeng came to the site to share their inspirations and interact with the participants. At the same time, we have formulated the Protocol of ANTA Group for the Management of Charitable Donation, the Sports Equipment Donation Process of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project and other rules to continuously improve the donation management system, regulate the act of charitable donation and provide safeguard for the delivery of charitable donations. In the future, we and the Hemin Foundation will continue to adhere to the concept of Starting a Business with Peace of Mind and Being Practical, build China s leading charity system, and continue to contribute to the social charity cause. With the vision of Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities, the project focuses on youth sports, and helps young people in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support of donating equipment kit, providing physical education, establishing ADream Centers, building sports fields, organizing sports camps etc. We are dedicated to integrating the sports spirit into every child s life. With our resources and strengths, we strive to create a more well-rounded growth environment for young people and help them form a healthy lifestyle and personality. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202274 Hemin Health Assistance program, helping people with illnesses and difficultiesKey performance in 2022 Over the years, the Sturdy Growth Charity Project has donated over RMB 650 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value) established 166 ADream Centers, providing training to physical education teachers and dream classes to young people trained 4, 468 physical education teachers donated 31 ANTA sports fields organized 33 ANTA sports camps benefited over 4. 9 million students in 11, 711 schools in China Hemin Foundation In 2021, the founding family of the Group launched the Hemin Foundation with a donation of RMB10 billion in cash and shares. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Hemin Student Sponsorship program, supporting the cultivation of rural talents The Hemin Student Sponsorship program, jointly launched by the Hemin Foundation and Jinjiang Student Financial Assistance Center, aims to help children from financially-strapped households to complete their university studies. Program not only relieves the financial pressure of the families of students in need, but also encourages the students to change their fate with knowledge, build self-confidence and seek self-improvement, and harnesses the power of knowledge to support the cultivation of rural talents and the revitalization of local villages. Assistance for Pandemic Response In the face of pandemic outbreaks around the country, we have always strictly implemented the relevant requirements on pandemic control, and actively donated funds and material supplies. Volunteer Services Our volunteer team, ANTA Dream Camp Volunteer Association, was established in 2017. During the financial year, we have actively participated in volunteer services such as Earth Hour, Porpoise Day Beach Cleanup and Fry Stocking, Panda Tour, Sturdy Growth Welfare Project, and ANTA training courses for physical education teachers, with an accumulated service time over 24, 000 hours. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. We became a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact in 2021, committing to the 10 principles including human rights, labor standards, environment and anti-corruption, and dedicating ourselves to the pursuit of sustainable development while promoting economic prosperity. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS SDG goals addressed in this chapter ESG issues covered in this chapter Corporate governance Business ethics We stand committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities, formulate ESG strategies and goals, and proactively support the realization of the 17 SDGs of the United Nations. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Our Goals Theme of Action 2022 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, drive economic development, and promote employment opportunity. Corporate governance Leap in Product QualityMaintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers long-term confidence in the Group s brands. Innovate process design Improve product quality Promote circular fashion Optimize customer service Respect customer rights Caring for EmployeesCreate an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe work environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, dedicate to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future. Employment management Respect for the rights of employees Employee compensation and benefits Employee development and training Occupational Health and Safety Creating a Green Supply ChainContinue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain. Responsible supply chain management Sustainable sourcing of raw materials Develop together with partners Protecting the EnvironmentTake up responsibility for the environment, promote energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operation, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly tackle the risks of climate change. Climate change response Product carbon footprint management Sustainable production and operation Biodiversity conservation Giving Back to SocietyAct on the country s macro strategies, undertake corporate social responsibility, actively participate in community building, and contribute to the development of a harmonious society through various community activities. Public welfare system Dedication to sports development Dedication to charity ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202278ESG Governance Structure We attach great importance to sustainability. The Board assumes the overall responsibility for the Company s ESG matters, and oversees the Company s ESG governance. The Sustainability Department is responsible for coordinating the ESG work of other departments, promoting the implementation and execution of the Group s strategic objectives for, and preparing the annual ESG report. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian (Executive Director) Committee members (Independent Non-Executive Directors) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian, Ms. Xia LianCommittee member (Designated by the Board) Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group)Committee member (Executive Directors) Mr. Wu Yonghua, Mr. Zheng JieSustainability Committee During the financial year, we issued our first green medium-term notes with a total amount of RMB500 million to raise funds for the construction of our Shanghai headquarters, a project integrating green space, energy-saving design and material application. The SAC is a global multi-stakeholder non-profit alliance in the consumer goods industry dedicated to reducing the adverse ecological and social impacts of textile manufacturing and sales. During the financial year, we made a successful application for the membership of the SAC, which demonstrated our commitment to the assessment and management of the full lifecycle impact of our footwear and apparel products. In the future, we will continue to invest in the development of ESG products to meet sustainable standards. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202280Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. External stakeholdersStakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Investment return Corporate governance Information disclosureConducted one-on-one meetings, non-deal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified products Well-rounded customer services Seamless communication channelsConducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier supportConducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growthHosted trade fairsOrganized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anti-corruptionOrganized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Tax payment in accordance with the law Driving regional economic developmentOrganized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&D and innovation Intellectual propertyEnsured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailor-made, on-demand products Athletes Product performance Product R&D and innovationSponsored athletes competition outfit and equipmentSTABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 81 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20224 STEP 4Internal stakeholders Stakeholder Expectations Communication activities during the financial year Directors Corporate governance Anti-corruption Risk managementParticipated in Board and committee meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact managementParticipated in the decision making and operations of the Group, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anti-corruptionEngaged in surveys and participated in online and face-to-face staff activities ESG Issues Materiality During the financial year, we engaged an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholders survey and assessment and collected their feedback. This was followed by a materiality analysis to prioritize issues, which provided a reference for the Group to improve its ESG management and efficiently respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. The overall distribution of issues is rather consistent with that of 2021, and governance issues continue to receive a high lev el of attention. Among the top eight issues, social issues account for a higher proportion than environmental issues, and human rights and labor rights issues notably moved up in the order of importance. Customer relations management and data privacy and protection have been rated as key issues though it is only the first time for them to be included in the list, indicating they might be elevated to a more important position in the future from stakeholders aspect. The issues of chemical use and discharge, waste gas and waste water emissions, and climate change have all made notable advances in ranking, showing that environmental issues have received more attention compared to the 2021 results. The Top Three Issues Concerned by Key Stakeholders ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202284Corporate Governance Company Governance We recognise the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, earning the confidence of shareholders and the public. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and monitoring of the performance of management team. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the overall interests of the Company as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversified GovernanceWe are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. Each committee has formulated specific terms of reference, which are posted on the Company s website (ir. anta. com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange s website (www. hkexnews. hk). Before a Board committee meeting starts, all members of the Board committee shall declare their interests (including the interests of their associates) in respect of the matters to be discussed and or the resolutions to be approved during the meeting in accordance with the articles of association of the Company and or the Listing Rules. In case a member of the Board committee (or his associate) has a material interest in a matter to STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS Committee DirectorAudit CommitteeNomination CommitteeRemuneration CommitteeRisk Management CommitteeSustainability Committee Mr. Ding Shizhong Member Mr. Ding Shijia Mr. Lai Shixian Member Member Chairman Mr. Wu Yonghua Member Mr. Zheng Jie Member Mr. Bi MingweiMr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Chairman Member Chairman Member Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Member Chairman Chairman Member Ms. Wang Jiaqian Member Member Member Member Ms. Xia Lian Member Member Member Member The Sustainability Committee comprises 1 chairman and 7 members, including Mr. YIU Wai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group). Details of the Board as of 31 December 2022 85 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022be discussed and or a resolution to be approved during a meeting, other members of the Board committee, for the purpose of avoidance of conflict of interests, shall consider and decide if the member shall abstain from voting in the resolutions and or be absent from the meeting. The committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and are able to seek, at the Company s expenses, independent professional advice as necessary. The committees are able to invite relevant personnel within the Group to attend meetings, and to obtain any information that they require from any other committees and or departments, if they consider necessary, in order to perform their duties. The committees may invite external advisers with relevant experience and expertise to participate and attend committee meetings as and when necessary, and they can review and approve the advisory fees and other terms of engagement of the external advisers. She holds a bachelor s degree in marketing from the Peking University in China and a master s degree in executive master in change from European Institute of Business Administration (INSEAD). She is currently an executive director and the general manager of Vista Education Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( ) and a director of China Publishing Group Kunlun Media Co. Ltd. ( ), and has over 20 years of experience in business administration and business consultancy. Ms. Xia is an independent director of Shanying International Holding Co., Ltd. ( ) (stock code 600567) listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange. In respect of the Independent Non- Executive Director appointment of Ms. Xia, the Board has reviewed the qualification and assessed the independence (including the requirements under Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules) of Ms. Xia, and the Board is not aware of any circumstance that might influence Ms. Xia in exercising independent judgment, and is satisfied that she has the required character, integrity, independence and experienceto fulfill the role of Independent Non-Executive Director and she will be able to maintain an independent view of the Group s affairs. Board DiversityThe Board contains a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group s business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgment. Board practice ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202286STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. The policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Diversity on the Board can be achieved through consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. Xia Lian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Female Age 52 58 48 52 54 50 62 66 44 44 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2022) 15 years 15 years 15 years 15 years 13 years 1. 5 years 4. 5 years 2 years 1. 5 years 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital management (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Information management (i) Investor relations (j) Law (k) Manufacturing ( l) Experience role in the Board of other listed companies (m) Operational management (n) Risk management (o) Sales and marketing (p) Supply chain management (q) Treasury management 87 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Board details as of 31 December 2022 The Board consisted of 10 members, including six Executive Directors, and four Independent Non-Executive Directors The Board had two female directors The ages of Board members ranged from 44 to 66 A total of four Board members hold executive positions in no more than four other listed companies, including Ms. Wang Jiaqian, who has experience of strategic business operation in the same industry 8 as ANTA SPORTS and currently holds an executive position NameMr. The ratio of female directors raises gradually since 2020. By the end of the financial year, the ratio of female directors has been raised to 20. The Nomination Committee (and the Board) recognises the importance and benefits of gender diversity at the Board level, and shall continue to take initiatives to identify more female candidate(s) to further enhance the gender diversity among the Board members with a target of 30 women in the Board by the end of 2030. 8 The classification standard of the industr y refers to the Global Industry Classification Standard (Level 1). ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202288ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the identification and management of ESG risks. During the financial year, we built an ESG risk database through stakeholder surveys and analysis of the risk identification practices of our peers, established ESG risk countermeasures and preventive mechanisms in line with our ESG work plan. Key Supplier compliance management system Through whole-process supplier management, we have improved the assessment and early-warning system of supply chain risks, and conducted audit and evaluation of the social responsibility standards of supply chains, including anti-corruption, to ensure the operational compliance of our suppliers; Strengthening business ethics training and management We have signed the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment with all our employees and included anti-corruption provisions in the Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal constraints on corruption. Key Establishing chemical management standards We have established a series of technical standards, including the Technical Standards on the Safety of Apparel Chemicals, the Manual on the Safety Control of Chemical Products for ANTA Suppliers, and the Technical Standards on the Safety of Chemicals in Apparel, Footwear and Accessories, and continuously improve and revise them to strengthen the control of chemicals; Developing chemical phase-out plan and use list We have published a chemical phase-out plan and a chemical use list, and worked toward reducing or discontinuing the use of harmful and restricted chemicals by using environment-friendly water-based glues, reducing the content of volatile organic compounds in waste gas, and reducing the amount of treatment agents used in the shoe production process; Supplier chemical management We have adopted the Guidance on Chemical Safety Management for Suppliers, Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers and other systems, to ensure effective control of the practices of our supplier partners in all aspects of chemical use. Human rights and labor rightsOperational riskCompliance riskProtection of employees human rights and labor rights and interests Insufficient benchmarking of employees human rights with international standards, and inadequate consideration or operational and compliance risks caused by employees working hours, work intensity and basic protection systemsKey System of employee rights protection We have joined the UN Global Compact as a signatory, developed an internal management system, actively fulfilled our basic responsibilities in the areas of human rights and labor standards, including prohibition of child labor and forced labor and protection of freedom of collective bargaining and association, and fostered an inclusive corporate culture in multiple dimensions; Strengthening employee communication We have made available both online and offline channels, including suggestion box, cloud platform, whistleblowing mailbox, whistleblowing hotline, and the official WeChat account ANTA Integrity, to strengthen communication with employees, and commission an external organization to conduct satisfaction survey annually on all employees to get their feedback. Strategy riskCompliance riskInvestment in environment-friendly waste treatment The increased spending on environment-friendly waste treatment will have a potential impact on the Company s operating costs and product prices, thus reducing the economic benefits of the Company. Key Reducing discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals We have developed a chemical plan and a chemical use list, and worked toward reducing or discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals; Reinforcing responsible supplier management We provide training and education on responsible supply chains for our cotton, leather and other materials suppliers. In the future, we will introduce sustainable management regulations on land use, water reduction, chemical safety, etc. to our suppliers to strengthen the Group s green supply chain management requirements; Reducing emissions through green production We have worked to reduce waste water waste gas by upgrading processes, reduce VOC emissions with substitute of environment-friendly materials, and reduce pollutant generation and emissions by improving processing equipment. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 91 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Product quality and safetyOperational riskRisk associated with product quality Potential reputational risk caused by inadequate product quality and quality control, which may threaten the business sustainability. Key Establishing a quality control system covering the whole product lifecycle We have set up quality control markers based on the quality standards of the industry and the Group, including quality assessment, covering the whole process from product R&D to mass production, to provide technical assurance for product safety; Improving quality control mechanisms across all dimensions We continuously improve our quality control mechanisms through quality and safety certification and training, special quality inspection, product recall management and special management regime on chemical safety. Operational riskRisk associated with new materials The use of new materials (such as environment-friendly materials) may result in higher quality risks and costs. Key Enhancing R&D capability through the industry-academia-research cooperation platform We have entered into cooperative relations with several industry partners, and harnessed innovative technologies to improve the professional performance of ANTA products. We have also leveraged the industry-academia-research cooperation platform to accelerate the training of professionals and the execution and results conversion of key R&D projects, and explore sports science, new materials, new technologies and new processes; Bolstering quality control capability We have achieved breakthroughs in product quality by strengthening the supplier quality control system, innovating inspection methods, developing differentiated supervision mechanism, and upgrading the consumer quality survey system and product modification mechanism. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202292Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Health and safetyOperational riskRisk associated with changes in the health and safety requirements for workers Pandemics, disasters and other external emergencies cause operational risks on the safety of employees at workplace, having a visibly negative impact on the normal business operation of the Company. Key Employee welfare management during the pandemic We provided continuous protection, care and needed supplies to employees during the Pandemic and other emergencies, from the time of isolation to the time of resumption of work; Bolstering health protection for employees We have strengthened the management of employee welfare and provided welfare and health benefits including medical protection, psychological counseling, health knowledge and workplace facilities; Implementing the risk management system We continuously monitor potential risks, and assess and analyze our contingency plans based on the Group s risk management system. Compliance riskRisk associated with occupational health and safety The use of chemicals, occupational diseases, and production in special positions threaten employees health and cause potential compliance risks. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 93 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Craftsmanship and product innovationStrategy riskProduct innovation and changing consumer preferences The identity of a professional sportswear and the challenge of technology innovation may make it difficult to meet the demands of new-generation consumers. Important Investing in the R&D of proprietary technologies We set up a national-level sports science laboratory, and established global design and R&D centers and Italy to invest in our own R&D work; Strengthen quality innovation We have set up a team of more than 200 international design and R&D experts from 18 countries and regions. This international design team has helped the Company build innovation capacity and innovation culture, and develop innovative product designs that have been successfully applied in the product lines of ANTA, DESCENTE, FILA and several other brands. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202294Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Climate change Operation riskOperational risk associated with climate change Climate change leads to changes in the market environment and regulatory requirements, and puts operational pressure on the supply chain stability and production of the Company, with possible consequences of rising costs. Important Establishing the governance structure We have put in place an ESG management structure with the Board at the highest decision-making level, providing effective oversight of issues including climate change response, and established a governance structure with the Sustainability Committee taking up the responsibility for identifying and assessing climate risks and opportunities, developing climate risk response strategy, and evaluating the Company s annual performance in delivering the energy conservation carbon reduction targets and other climate change and energy-related key performance indicators; Establishing scenario analysis to identify risk We have constructed three comparative scenarios based on three action paths, i. e. optimistic, neutral and negative, with considerations given to business, brand groups and value chain segments, and identified important physical and transitional risks; Setting strategic goals for coexisting with the environment We have set 1 3 5 strategic goals, aiming to achieve the objective of carbon neutrality by 2050, to drive the Group s low-carbon development in the long run. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 95 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Data privacy and protectionCompliance riskPrivacy and data protection The security and stability of data security and consumer privacy protection systems may have a significant impact on the Company s business operation and result in compliance risksImportant Building the matrix of information security management systems We have put in place an information security management matrix consisting of 28 information security systems, and conduct regular review and update; Performing internal and external audits on information security We set up a Personal Information Protection Office at the supervision level to coordinate the management of personal information protection in the Group, and conduct annual Group-wide internal audits and external audits by qualified third parties; Strengthen information security training We promote information security awareness among all employees. We have obtained ISO 27001 certification. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202296Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Supply chain managementOperational riskRisk associated with supply chain stability Climate change, pandemic, length of retention of raw materials (e. g. cotton) or other external risks affecting supply chain stability, with potential negative impact on business operationsImportant Improving the supply chain risk assessment and early-warning mechanism We regularly identify and assess supply chain risks in aspects including business environment, materials supply and social impact, and formulate countermeasures and preventive mechanisms for different types of risks that have been identified as undermining the stability of the supply chain; Formulating procurement contingency plan We have formulated the Procurement Contingency Plan of the Group and introduced prevention and response plans for various risks to reduce and avoid the impact of supply chain risks on the Company; Strengthening insight over external trends We continuously observe the evolving trend in the external environment to ensure well-rounded and timely consideration of any risks that may impact our operations. Operational riskRisk associated with supplier compliance Inadequate supplier audit, certification and performance management assessment may produce suppliers with low supply chain transparency as well as ESG risks, including labor risks and environmental governance, thus affecting the Company s production and reputationImportant Improving the supplier management system We have formulated the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers, the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook and other systems to ensure systematic and standardized social responsibility management of all our suppliers and their contractors; Full process management of suppliers We conduct standardized audit of suppliers in accordance with the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel Suppliers, Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers and other management rules throughout the process of supplier selection and admittance, classified management, evaluation and audit; Strengthening integrity management and training of suppliers We have adopted anti- commercial bribery initiative, made public complaint and reporting channels, and highlighted the importance of integrity in suppliers training to enhance their awareness of integrity and anti-corruption. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 97 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Risk issuesRisk descriptionType of riskOrder of importance Response measures and preventive mechanism Intellectual property managementCompliance riskRisk associated with intellectual property dispute Inadequate protection of intellectual property and original product may lead to potential risksImportant Setting up internal intellectual property systems We systematically formulate internal systems for intellectual property management, trademark management, patent management, brand protection, and the prevention and control of intellectual property risks, and regularly improve and update them; Strengthening the training mechanism We actively carry out intellectual property training to raise employees awareness of intellectual property protection; Promoting the brand protection campaign We stand committed to protecting intellectual property, and take actions to fight counterfeiting and intellectual property violations and protect the brand; Expanding the applications for invention patent licensing We have actively expanded the applications for invention patent licensing and utility patents to advance the protection of intellectual property; Implementing the risk audit mechanism We strictly implement the risk audit mechanism, and integrate the audit of intellectual property risks into the whole business process, including product design, advertising and non-production procurement. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202298 Business Ethics Anti-corruption Policy The Company is committed to pursuing ethical and anti-corruption business practices with a high standard of integrity and zero tolerance to corruption. To this end, the Company has adopted an anti-corruption policy to complement all applicable anti-corruption laws andregulations and to achieve the Company s desired anti-corruption culture. The Group (including any Directors and employees) should comply with the relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations in the PRC (including the Supervision Law of the PRC), Hong Kong SAR and other countries or regions as applicable. The Group prohibits all forms of political contributions that contravene the legal requirements of the countries or regions as applicable. The Group strictly prohibits charitable donations from being used for bribery or corruption, and ensures that charitable donations and sponsorships are compliant, legal and ethical. The anti-corruption policy is applicable to all Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors), all employees of the Group at all levels, external parties having business dealings with the Group (including suppliers, services providers, business partners, etc.) and persons acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group (e. g. agents, consultants and contractors of the Group). Directors and employees of the Group shall uphold at all times the Group s core value of integrity, honesty, fairness, impartiality and ethical business practices. Directors and employees of the Group should not accept any advantage from any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group, whether or not any undue favor is involved. If a Director or an employee is unsure as to whether the acceptance of an advantage could (i) affect the proper discharge of his duties or (ii) place such Director or employee under an obligation to act against the Group s interests, he should always decline to accept the advantage. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 99 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Directors and employees of the Group shall avoid any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest with the Group, and should declare any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest as appropriate. Directors and employees of the Group shall not give any advantage to any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group for inappropriate advantage or any other illegitimate purpose. Directors and employees of the Group shall not, in their personal capacity or acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group, provide any form of facilitation payments to any individual or entity. Any breach of the anti-corruption policy should be reported to the Company through reporting channels under the whistleblowing policy of the Company, whether it is known who may be responsible for the breach or how it may have occurred. The Company takes reports of corruption seriously, and may conduct investigations pursuant to the whistleblowing policy of the Company if necessary. Material incidents relating to breaches of the anti-corruption policy shall be brought to the attention of the Board by the Risk Management Committee. For our employees, we link their compliance with our code of conduct to their remuneration and performance appraisal. All of our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and we have added anti-corruption clauses in our standard Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal anti-corruption measures. During the financial year, we have strengthened the supervision of employees personal disciplinary violations and urged them to honor the basic principle of integrity. In addition, we joined the Sunshine Integrity Alliance and the Corporate Anti-Fraud Alliance as a member in 2019 to learn from the experience of excellent companies and improve our internal anti-corruption system. We reached an anti-fraud consensus with alliance companies during the financial year by sharing the list of untrustworthy individuals and promising to refuse to hire these untrustworthy individuals who engaged in unethical or immoral activity. We have explored innovative forms of education, such as the promotion video on integrity culture, the animation Healthy Workplace and online quiz of anti-corruption knowledge, and promoted their dissemination through our corporate account on social media, special website on corporate culture and the Group s video channels. In accordance with the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers, we signed an Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement with suppliers, and received an integrity undertaking from suppliers at the admittance stage, requesting suppliers to establish anti-corruption policies and have programs to verify compliance. Whistleblowing Policy The Group is committed to achieving and maintaining the high probity standards and ethical business practices and encouraging reporting of concerns of actual or suspected misconduct or malpractice by any employees and or external parties in any matter related to the Group. The identity of the whistleblower would be treated with the strictest confidence. The whistleblowing system established under the policy is intended to cultivate a culture of openness and transparency in the Group; to maintain internal corporate justice; to encourage employees and other persons or entities dealing with the Group to raise concerns about possible improprieties relating to the Group and to provide them with confidential reporting channels for such purposes; and to enable the Company to detect and deter or remedy a misconduct or malpractice in the Group before serious damage is caused. The whistleblowing policy is applicable to all employees of the Group at all levels and to other persons or entities who deal with the Group (e. g. customers and suppliers). Whistleblowers may choose to report a misconduct to the designated ethics officers (being the Chairman and the chairman of the Risk Management Committee) or the Group s internal audit department. The Company is committed to exerting its best effort to keep all reports by whistleblower confidential and privileged to the fullest extent permitted by law, and handle the reports in a timely manner. Any person making a genuine and appropriate report in good faith under the policy will be assured of fair treatment, and should not be subject to any unwarranted disciplinary action or unfair dismissal as a result of making such report. The Company strictly prohibits any retaliation and will make the best effort to take reasonable measures in order to protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Persons who victimise or retaliate against those who have genuinely raised concerns in good faith under this Policy will be subject to disciplinary actions, and the identity of such person may be disclosed to internal STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESS 101 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Key performance in 2022 We did not have any corruption- related litigation cases. During the financial year, we received 172 reports in total, involving 127 violations from retail channels, 17 management issues, and 28 integrity and ethics issues. The reports received have been investigated and handled by dedicated personnel according to internal rules, and we provided training for employees. During the financial year, the signing rate of the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement by suppliers reached 67. 6. or external investigators, or relevant law enforcement agencies or governmental, judicial or regulatory bodies for appropriate action without notifying such person to the extent permitted by law. Should circumstances arise in which the Company is required to disclose the whistleblower s identity, the Company will, to the extent permitted by law, endeavor to inform the whistleblower that his identity is likely to be disclosed, and the Company will endeavor to protect the reasonable interest of the whistleblower. All reports must be made in good faith. Persons making a report on any misconduct under the whistleblowing policy should exercise duecare in ensuring accuracy of the information they report to the ethics officers or the internal audit department. The Group reserves the right to take appropriate actions against any person who knowingly or irresponsibly makes false allegations or malicious allegations, including but not limited to disclosing the identity of such person to internal or external investigators, or relevant lawenforcement agencies or governmental, judicial or regulatory bodies for appropriate action without notifying such person to the extent permissible by law. The Group also reserves its right to take any actions against such person to recover any loss or damages resultedfrom the false report. Employees who make a false report may be subject to disciplinary actions, including dismissal, where appropriate. Whistleblowing Report Handling To strengthen internal and external whistleblowing supervision, effectively combat corruption and fraud, and create an honest, well-regulated work environment, we have adopted a whistleblowing policy and related internal execution systems for all employees as well as customers, suppliers and other third parties to regulate the management of whistleblowing. We also have dedicated investigators with professional skills to investigate and handle whistleblowing reports, and notify whistleblowers of the results where permitted by law. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022102Short-term Compliance and review Awareness cultivation System construction Compliance stage FollowerMedium-term Social engagement System implementation Project counseling Corporate social responsibility ParticipantLong-term International participation Product sustainability System upgrade Corporate sustainability LeaderTo deliver the vision of Becoming a Leading Multi-Brand Sportswear Group in the World, we hope to seize market opportunities to drive our own development, and strive to promote sustainability in the upstream and downstream of the eco-system and the industry. We have developed a fundamental framework for sustainable development, which is divided into the following three stages Follower, Participant and Leader. On the path to sustainable development, we are now in the stages of Participant, as we aim to respond to international initiatives and formulate long-term goals and strategies. Sustainability will play a key role in our future development plans, and our sustainability strategy and 1 3 5 strategic goals will guide our sustainability practices. Adhere to the three core cultural propositions Consumer-oriented, Benchmarking with High Standard, Leaders as Role Model and continue to maintain our industry-leading employment standards and work environmentGiving care to employees in clothing, food, housing, transportation, and physical and mental health Clothing We offer gift cards, staff discounts and discount coupons etc. to our employees for our branded productsFood Our ocean-view restaurant offers a variety of nutritious and tasty food, and many high-quality vegetables are supplied directly from our farms Housing We provide affordable staff dormitories, housing subsidies, and interest-free loans under our Sweet Home Plan to help relieve our employees financial burden Transportation We provide shuttle bus and free parking space, and overtime transportation reimbursement, etc. Physical and mental health We have in place supplementary medical insurance, paid sick leave, a free gym, fitness classes and sports clubs, health checkups, and a hotline to attend to employees mental health needsMutualism with EmployeesGoal Progress in 2022 1. In addition to year-end performance bonus, we granted share incentives to more than 3, 700 employees at the manager level or above 3. Empower suppliers and improve supplier governance capabilities We joined SAC, and formulated the Code of Conduct for ANTA Group Suppliers and the The Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook as the standard for supplier management2. One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital during the financial year, to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region s capacity of medical services 2. One poverty alleviation project During the financial year, the Hemin Foundation set up Hemin Health Assistance program and Hemin Student Sponsorship program, to enable timely medical treatment to the participants of medical insurance schemes in Jinjiang and help children from financially-strapped households to complete their university studies. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group established the program dedicated to supporting the active or retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties in the future 4. One sports education project We have launched the Sturdy Growth Charity Project since 2017, and partnered with the China Youth Development Foundation and the ADream Foundation on its joint implementation. With the vision of Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities, the project focuses on youth sports, and helps young people in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support of product donation, moral education and sports training 5. One ecological protection project We joined hands with the One Planet Foundation to organize the Panda Tour in Xiamen and protect the finless porpoise, promote the concept of Moving to Nature, and build ANTA Forest to protect the forest ecosystemMutualism with the Society ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022106PROSPECTS Mutualism with the Environment Goals Progress in 2022 1 overall goal Carbon neutrality by 2050 During the financial year, we prepared and formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. zeroes By 2030 Net zero carbon emissions in self-owned operating facilities Zero use of virgin plastic in self-owned operating facilities Zero landfill of self-generated product ion waste In cooperation with external consulting institutions, we conducted basic inventory and verification on the carbon emissions of our seven self-owned operating factories, three operation buildings and one logistics center in accordance with ISO 14064-1 2008; We issued green bonds for our Shanghai headquarters, which is still under construction and meets green building standards. Community investment Protocol of ANTA Group for the Management of Charitable Donation Sports Equipment Donation Process of the Sturdy Growth Charity Project ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022112List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS KPI A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022114Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS KPI A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT A4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT KPI A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING ENVIRONMENT-FRIENDLY AND GREEN DEVELOPMENT APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 115 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB1 EmploymentGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. ESG Key Performance Index Data Table ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022116Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 117 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENT Operation practices B5 Supply Chain ManagementGeneral disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION KPI B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. CREATING VALUE THROUGH WIN-WIN COOPERATION ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022118Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. STABLE BUSINESS OPERATION FOR SUSTAINED PROGRESSESG Key Performance Index Data Table Community B8 Social investmentGeneral disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulates) are mainly from emissions from the Group s manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. W aste water data are obtained from the industrial and domestic waste water of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of refrigerants compared to 2021, adding ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. and Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. and the Scope 1 Direct greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO 2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions in 2022 is adopted from Notice on the management of greenhouse gas emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 (Huanban Qihou 2023 No. 43). In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion. The Scope 2 Indirect greenhouse gas emissions data in 2022 increased. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 121 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect A1 EmissionsA1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced6Ton 335. 4 24. 1 17 Hazardous waste intensity Kg Revenue per million RMB 6. 25 0. 49 Not disclosed A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensityTotal non-hazardous waste produced 7Ton 9, 204 3, 249 2, 359 Non-hazardous waste intensityTon Revenue per million RMB 0. 17 0. 07 Not disclosed Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 8 Gasoline kWh 366, 546 889, 062 313, 192 Diesel kWh 199, 930 255, 379 152, 407 Natural gas kWh 14, 504, 389 11, 895, 520 12, 704, 352 Purchased electricity9kWh 265, 058, 740 205, 233, 867 110, 175, 714 Purchased steam kWh 57, 573, 558 60, 989, 345 60, 770, 785 Total energy consumption MWh 337, 703 279, 263 Not disclosed Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB6. 29 5. 66 Not disclosed 6 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the office building in Xiamen, the FILA office building, Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd. and Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and the hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. Non-hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of non-hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of non-hazardous waste compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building, Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. and Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd., and the non-hazardous waste data in 2022 increased. Energy consumption (unit kWh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and p urchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB2589-2020). The purchased electricity data are obtained from the purchased electricity volume of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities, logistics facility and store facilities. In 2022, we improved on the statistical scope of purchased electricity compared to 2021, adding the FILA office building and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd.. Additionally, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion thus the purchased electricity data in 2022 increased. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022122Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 429, 691 1, 424, 207 1, 684, 010 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB 26. 7 28. 9 47 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference to per unit producedTotal packaging material consumptionTon 24, 064 21, 944 12, 283 Intensity of packaging material consumptionTon Revenue per million RMB 0. 45 0. 44 Not disclosed B. SocialAspect B1 EmploymentB1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type 10, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees10Person 59, 000 52, 000 41, 000 By gender Male 24. 9 26. 0 27. 1 Female 75. 1 74. 0 72. 9 By functionOffice employees 19. 5 20. 6 Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 22. 1 22. 7 Not disclosed Retail employees 58. 4 56. 7 Not disclosed By rankPresident level 0. 1 0. 1 Not disclosed Director level 1. 3 1. 3 Not disclosed Manager level 6. 5 6. 4 Not disclosed Officers and others 73. 4 72. 5 Not disclosed Production staff 18. 7 19. 7 Not disclosed 10 The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 2, 870 other types of workers, such as t emporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 123 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B1 EmploymentBy age group 16-24 13. 6 15. 4 11. 6 25-40 74. 0 73. 0 74. 3 41 and above 12. 4 11. 6 14. 1 By geographical regionMainland China 99. 3 99. 2 Not disclosed Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 0. 7 0. 8 Not disclosed B1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 11 Total employee turnover rate 35. 7 34. 6 Not disclosed By gender Male 40. 0 39. 4 Not disclosed Female 34. 1 32. 7 Not disclosed By age group16-24 50. 7 47. 4 Not disclosed 25-40 33. 3 32. 0 Not disclosed 41 and above 26. 3 28. 5 Not disclosed By geographical regionMainland China 35. 7 34. 6 Not disclosed Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 37. 3 34. 8 Not disclosed 11 In 2022, the employee turnover rate is calculated based on our latest standards and the 2021 employee turnover rate is adjusted retrospectively. Employee turnover includes the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are labor-intensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022124Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyB2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 12 Number of work-related fatalitiesPerson 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury13 Office employees Day 1, 060 422 295. 5 Production and logistics staff14Day 2, 269 2, 313 1, 815 Retail employees Day 4, 121 2, 078 493 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingB3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 15 Percentage of employees trained 92. 5 79. 7 Not disclosed Employees trained by gender Male 23. 7 23. 0 Not disclosed Female 76. 3 77. 0 Not disclosed Employees trained by rankPresident level 0. 1 0. 1 Not disclosed Director level 1. 4 1. 4 Not disclosed Manager level 6. 9 7. 1 Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 3 77. 6 Not disclosed Production staff 19. 3 13. 8 Not disclosed 12 Data obtained from the human resources department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injury data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. The number of work-related injuries in 2022 increased by 3 compared with 2021, while the number of work-related injuries of retail employees in 2022 decreased compared with 2021. The scope of data reporting covers production and logistics staff in 2022 and 2021, and factor y employees in 2020, with no retrospective adjustments. The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employ ees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant category (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 125 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingEmployees trained by function Office employees 20. 9 21. 9 Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 19. 2 15. 1 Not disclosed Retail employees 59. 9 63. 0 Not disclosed B3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category 16 Average training hours Hour 29. 1 17. 6 Not disclosed Average training hours by genderMale employee average training hours Hour 37. 0 14. 4 Not disclosed Female employee average training hoursHour 26. 5 18. 7 Not disclosed Average training hours by rankPresident level Hour 23. 9 6. 33 Not disclosed Director level Hour 78. 7 19. 3 Not disclosed Manager level Hour 85. 8 19. 7 Not disclosed Officers and others Hour 29. 3 19. 6 Not disclosed Production staff Hour 5. 12 7. 61 Not disclosed Average training hours by functionOffice employees Hour 81. 9 17. 0 Not disclosed Production and logistics staffHour 4. 34 7. 13 Not disclosed Retail employees Hour 20. 9 21. 1 Not disclosed 16 A verage training hours per employee total training hours total number of employees. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022126Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B5 Supply Chain ManagementB5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region 17 Total number of suppliers Number 524 459 720 Suppliers in China 96. 0 95. 9 96. 9 Suppliers overseas 4. 0 4. 1 3. 1 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented 18 Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 92. 4 96. 6 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certificationNumber 257 267 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certificationNumber 184 162 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 111 65 Not disclosed Number of suppliers with Bluesign certificationNumber 38 45 40 17 The scope of data reporting is the number of ANT A and FILA suppliers managed by the Group s procurement department, including the number of Tier 1 suppliers, and some Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. The scope of data reporting is the number of ANT A and FILA suppliers managed by the Group s procurement department, including the number of Tier 1 suppliers, and some Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 127 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2022 2021 2020 Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityB6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products 0. 01 Not applicable 0. 01 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 19 Product complaints Case 290, 439 20294, 924 205, 011 21 Among which Footwear 69. 4 63. 8 56. 0 Apparel 29. 4 35. 0 42. 4 Accessories 1. 2 1. 2 1. 6 Service complaints Case 9, 903 6, 060 Not disclosed Aspect B7 Anti-corruptionB7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practicesCase 0 1 0 B7. 3 Anti-corruption training provided to directors and employees Anti-corruption training for top management and Board members 22Number of participants 804 728 Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for office employees 100 100 Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for Board members 100 100 Not disclosed Aspect B8 Community InvestmentB8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 23 65 32 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 200 Over 270 Over 100 19 The scope of data is ANT A and the FILA brand. The scope of statistics includes quality returns, 400 hotline complaints and online complaints. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022128GLOSSARY AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company (with internationally recognised brands including Arc teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance, Atomic, etc.) incorporated in the Republic of Finland, and a subsidiary owned by a joint venture of the Company ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) APEC Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BOARD Board of Directors BSCI Business Social Compliance Initiative CG CODE Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing RulesCHAIRMAN Chairman of the board of directors of the Company CHINA PRC People s Republic of China CO2 Carbon dioxide CO2 equivalent Carbon dioxide equivalent DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DIRECTOR(S) Director(s) of the Company DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the Company FAIS Factory Automation Interconnection SystemFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The sub-brand of FILA, which offers youth s trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FSC Forest Stewardship Council GHG Greenhouse gas GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries GRS Global Recycled Standard HONG KONG HONG KONG SAR The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 129 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2022INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent non-executive director(s) of the Company IPCC United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) LWG Leather working group MACAO MACAO SAR The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC MAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan regionMIS Manufacturing Index System NGFS Central Banks and Supervisors Network for Greening the Financial System NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Non-executive director(s) of the Company PANDEMIC 2019 novel coronavirus disease PE Polyethylene R&D Research and development REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC SAC Sustaintable Apparel CoalitionSBTi Science Based Targets initiative SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SLCP Social & Labor Convergence Program STeP Sustainable Textile & Leather Production SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The sustainability committee of the Company TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures UNGC United Nations Global Compact WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable Development WCA Workplace Conditions Assessment WWF World Wildlife Fund YEAR The year ended 31 December 2022 If you have any inquiries, please contact ANTA Sports Products Limited Sustainability DepartmentAddress 1 6 F, Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, K owloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong SAR Telephone ( 852) 2116 1660 Fax ( 852) 2116 1590 Email esg anta. The BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report provides stakeholders with comprehensive information about the company s sustainability ambitions and progress. The topics included here have been selected and weighted in accordance with the findings of a systematic materiality process. The content of the Report was prepared in compliance with the GRI Standards by the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). The BMW Group China supports and promotes the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through its business operations, in particular SDG 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. The beginning of each section will use icons to illustrate the connection between our business and these SDGs. Since 2013, the BMW Group China has been disclosing sustainability information in China. In 2022, the BMW Group China takes a further step by expanding the scope of its Sustainability Report across seven entities of the BMW Group in mainland China, including BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (BMW Brilliance) and its wholly-owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information T echnology Co., Ltd. (LingYue), BMW China Investment Ltd. (BMW China Investment), BMW China Automotive T rading Ltd. (BMW China), BMW Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. (BMW Automotive Finance), BMW China Services Ltd. (BMW China Services) and Herald International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Herald Leasing). REPORTING PERIOD REPORTING STANDARD THIRD-PARTY ASSURANCEREPORTING SCOPE This is our Communication on Progress in implementing the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and supporting broader UN goals. And our continuing China sustainability journey is not a new one, in fact we have started already 20 years ago. BMW Group was the first German automotive manufacturer to join the Science Based Targets Initiative Business Ambition for 1. 5 C, as a result we will make sure every step to sustainability is scientifically validated and transparent also here in China. OUR FUTURE IS ELECTRIC, DIGITAL AND CIRCULAR Succeeding in shaping the future of mobility requires a bold vision which for us is Electric, Digital and Circular. As of today, we offer five fully electric models in China and have established a complete E-mobility ecosystem from supply chain and production to sales and customer service. Digital transformation across our whole company is essential to further increase the efficiency of our supply and production system, to personalise customer experiences and to emotionalise our products. In this context, the BMW i Vision Dee is showcasing how the future interaction and communication between human and vehicle could look like. Circular is another cornerstone of our vision to create the eco-friendly electric car based on re think, re cycle, re use, and re duce that guides us to extract valuable raw materials for the cars of tomorrow from the cars of today. ONLY THROUGH TRANSPARENCY CAN ACTIONS BE MEASURED The first ever BMW Group China Sustainability Report, launched this year, is showcasing our comprehensive approach and concerted efforts on driving and managing sustainability across all our China entities. Dr. Franz Decker President and CEO BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. 5BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUC TION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION ROOTED IN CHINA COMMITTED TO ACTION In what seems like the blink of an eye but is now 20 years BMW Brilliance has rooted itself in China. Over the course of those two decades, we have grown to become the largest manufacturing facility within the BMW Group worldwide, with an annual production capacity of 830, 000 units. We have nurtured an expansive network of local suppliers and dealers who thrive alongside us, joining hands to form a world-class industry chain that spans China. At the heart of our 20 years of success is a long- held and unwavering commitment to sustainable development a responsibility that has deepened and grown over time. As our society embarks on the sustainable transformation pathways outlined in China s 14th Five-Year Plan, BMW Brilliance is poised to lead the green development of the country s automotive industry. To that end, we have prioritised our sustainability efforts in three distinct areas low carbon emissions, circularity and social contributions. A low- carbon steel supply chain was established, while more than 40 of our local suppliers and 100 of our aluminium ingot suppliers switched already to renewable electricity. We achieved 100 renewable electricity1 at our Shenyang manufacturing base in 2019, and at 37 non-manufacturing sites this year. And we have launched the Network Transformation Green Star Project an industry first to empower dealers to provide green services. Fifty dealers have so far been certified. Logistics plays a vital role in driving green transformation across our value chain. Our pioneering efforts in sustainability are widely recognised by the government and market. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable. Voice from Management 6 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION CIRCULARITY TO CLOSE THE LOOP Only by recycling and reusing materials can we ensure a sustainable future. In 2022, we created a closed-loop for raw materials used in high-voltage batteries (HVBs) by facilitating the recycling of nickel, lithium and cobalt. Our ongoing efforts to scale up secondary use for retired HVBs and to expand the categories of parts for remanufacturing are bearing good results. In 2022, by upgrading our facilities, we saved more than 150, 000m3 of water and prevented at least 1, 000 t of waste. We were pleased to be recognised as one of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology s first National Industrial Wastewater Recycling Pilot Enterprises, and our annual water consumption per vehicle produced declined for a fifth year. NURTURING OUR PEOPLE AND THE COMMUNITY The quality of an organisation should not just be measured by its economic success but also the social contributions. A good company has to take care of conditions for employees, workers in the value chain and local communities. Over the years, we have created more than 25, 800 high-quality jobs in China. In 2022, our local content suppliers numbered 429, with a total purchasing volume of RMB 73. 47 billion. Committed to our community, we use innovative and collaborative approaches to direct our corporate social responsibility efforts to China s most urgent social needs. In 2022, we achieved a historic high of nearly 31. 9 million beneficiaries for our corporate social responsibility activities. Genuine sustainable leadership spearheads the complete low-carbon and circular transformation of the entire value chain. We are propelling green innovation and practices by working with industry partners. As one of the largest OEMs in China, we can leverage the influence to engage with more suppliers about respect of low-carbon, circular and social responsibility, and thereby to advance real changes throughout our value chain. In this way we are actively engaged with suppliers, mainstreaming values and actions down to raw material producers, with empowerment and connection to platforms such as China Development Research Foundation, to maximise the overall social, environmental and ethical impact. Mr. Thomas Schmid President, BMW China Services Ltd. Dr. Robert Kahlenberg Senior Vice President, BMW Research & Development China Circularity is a solution one of many needed to address climate change. Materials re-use, adapting supply chains, re-shaping market perceptions will be challenging but key to ensuring an environmental and circular transition. Our design is the nascent stages, and the attempts enhance the effective of the implementation of sustainable manufacturing. To maximise the recyclability and recycled materials used in our vehicles, we investigate each component to reduce emission. For redesigning and refurbishing, from alloy wheels to seating, we ensure the performance, safety, stability, and consistency. For instance, on top of our new BMW X1 recycled nylon practices that s synthesised from discarded fish net and worn floor covering, we also have around 150 kg of recycled aluminium had been used in the new BMW i7. Mr. Robert Kuessel Senior Vice President, Technology and Manufacturing, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. For the automotive manufacturing sector, China s sustainability targets have sparked opportunities to create affordable, convenient and sustainable solutions. We in the auto industry are embracing automation, connectivity and electrification. As an innovative leader in premium auto-making, we are rising to the challenges of the new digital era by implementing the future-oriented iFACTORY manufacturing strategy at our BMW Brilliance Shenyang base. This is founded on digital, flexible, efficient and sustainable technologies. Our Shenyang manufacturing base is uniquely positioned to embed sustainability principles throughout the value chain research and development, procurement and production are integrated under one roof. This allows for faster decision-making and problem-solving. With that high quality system in place, we have built a fully-fledged production base in Shenyang. It champions customer-centric and socially responsible automotive production in China, and leads the vital transformation of our industry. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT Voice from Management 8 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT Digitalisation has become a decisive factor in competition in our industry, and it is at the core of BMW s transformation in all aspects of our operations. On the customer front, digitalisation offers new possibilities to enhance our interactions with customers and elevate the customer-centric services we offer. Ms. Alice Mei President and CEO, Lingyue Digital Info rmation Technology Co., Ltd. BMW Group Financial Services plays a critical role in strengthening our focus on customers and new energy vehicle (NEV) solutions. The future of sustainable mobility relies on the use of eco- friendly vehicles, complemented by a range of low-carbon mobility options this is crystal clear to us. Thus, our mission is to provide easy and convenient solutions to our BMW customers and dealers, such as vehicle leasing, to support new travel patterns and services. Together with BMW s efforts to expand our NEV product portfolio and enhance green charging services, we are pulling our efforts together to shape the future of sustainable mobility. Dr. Joachim Hensel CEO & Director, Herald International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT Voice from Management INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 9 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 AN OVERVIEW OF BMW GROUP CHINA In April 1994, the BMW Group set up a representative office in China - BMW Automotive Trading Ltd. Beijing Representative Office, marking its official entry into the Chinese market. In May 2003, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. was founded as a joint venture of the parent companies BMW Group and Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Ltd. Now, it has become BMW Group s largest manufacturing base worldwide. Today, the BMW Group s business in China includes R&D, procurement, production, the import and sales of BMW branded cars, MINI cars and Rolls-Royce, aftersales service, and comprehensive services such as leasing, finance, and digital information. For nearly 20 years, the BMW Group China has been committed to creating value for consumers, local society, and the industry, practising its promise of At Home in China, and firmly implementing a 360 sustainable development strategy. As a leader in sustainable development in the primum individual mobility, the BMW Group China continuously promotes the sustainable transformation of the Chinese automotive value chain. Vehicles produced. LEGEND Headquarter & Manufacturing Base2 Branch Office Sales Regional Office Research and Development Centre Finished Vehicles Export Warehouse Spare Parts Distribution CentreFinished Vehicles Dispatch Area Training Centre3 Brand Experience Centre OUR LOCATION Tianjin 3 Dalian 4 Zhengzhou 5 Xi an 6 Hefei 7 Nanjing 8 10 Ningbo 11 Chengdu 12 Chongqing 13 14 15 FoshanShenyang 2 Shanghai 9Beijing 1 3 7 5 13 9 An Overview of BMW Group China Wuhan Guangzhou 10 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION JANUARY MAYMARCH APRIL FEBRUARY Launch of the innovative BMW iX M60 and BMW iX xDrive 40. BMW Brilliance achieved Best Enterprise Practice Award by Global Compact Network China for three consecutive years. The BMW Group collaborated with the Envision AESC on battery cells. OCTOBER AUGUST The BMW Group China and HBIS Group signed a MoU to create a low-carbon steel supply chain. The BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education training workshop was held in Qinghai. Highlights in 2022JUNE Plant Lydia officially opened in Shenyang. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION OUR PATH TO DECARBONISATION SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORKFeatured topic 1 LOCALISED SUPPLY CHAINBMW iFACTORY STRATEGY ACCELERATE RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY TRANSITION IN SUPPLY CHAIN UPSCALING THE USE OF RENEAWBLE ENERGY CARRIERSTRANSITION TO RENEWABLE ENERGYCONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT IN ENERGY EFFICIENCYEXPAND NEV PRODUCT PORTFOLIO GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT PROVIDE LOW-CARBON SERVICES PROMOTE SHARED MOBILITY LOW-CARBON MATERIAL SOURCINGREDUCING RELIANCE ON FOSSIL FUELS Our Supply Chain Project China integrates environmental criteria into the supplier management process. GREEN tenet leads our green production. Industry-first partnership with HBIS to develop green steel which is expected to reduce up to 230, 000 t of CO2 emissions per year from 2026. Geothermal Green Charging ServicesBiomass BMW Network Transformation Green Star Our vision is to lead the way in sustainability practices and exploration as a premium manufacturer. In decarbonisation, we are reducing CO emissions across our entire value chain including manufacturing, supply chain, use phase, logistic, dealer and non-manufacturing sites. We recognise that the impact of our operations extends beyond our own facilities, and we have taken a proactive approach to achieve decarbonisation. Renewable electricity1 use maintained for all manufacturing sites in 2022. 100 Of our aluminium ingot suppliers used renewable electricity1. 20 Of Liaoning-based suppliers joined Green PPAs under our facilitation. cities In which we are providing car rental services in China. Cooperation With Maple Leaf Car Rental to offer wider green transportation options with BMW i3. 50 BMW dealers were awarded Network Transformation Green Star in 2022. UPSTREAM PRODUCTION, OPERATION AND LOGISTICS DOWNSTREAM 74. 8 MWp On-site solar PV capacity, increased from 31. 1 MWp from 2022. 37 Non-manufacturing sites switched to using renewable electricity1. 39 E-Trucks deployed in inbound logistics. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. Featured T opic 12 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS Featured topic 2 SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT DESIGNWATER REUSE AND RECYCLING WASTE UTILISATIONINNOVATION IN MATERIAL RECYCLING & REUSEGREEN PACKAGINGEXPAND THE SCOPE OF REMANUFACTURED PARTS PIONEER HVB CLOSED-LOOP AND REUSEDELIVER CIRCULARITY CONCEPTS AND SERVICES THROUGH DEALERSHighly integrated, lightweight, scalable and modular design of NEVs. BMW X5 was awarded the Green Product by MIIT. BMW iX3 was awarded as Platinum China Eco-Car by CATARC. Waste for disposal per vehicle produced decreased 20 vs 2021. t scrap steel in 2022 - 14, 536 t scrap aluminium in 2022 Developed a recycled PGM supplier. BMW i-Space all building and furnishing materials are recyclable and environmentally friendly. Research and Development Supply Chain Production Logistics and Transport Sales and Utilisation Disposal and RecyclingCIRCULARITY CREATING M BIUS STRIP RE THINK We keep circularity in mind during all our deliberations. RE DUCE Using less to achieve more, wherever and however we can. RE USE Extending the use of our products for as long as we can. RE CYCLE Keeping resources in circulation for as long as we can. Featured T opicPROMOTE USED CAR MARKET 13 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BUSINESS ACTIVITIES BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 Vehicles produced (in unit) 491, 888 536, 537 602, 936 700, 787 674, 663 -3. 7 674, 663 Retail vehicle deliveries2 (in unit) - - - - - - 791, 985 Authorised dealer outlets nationwide (number) 625 647 666 683 707 3. 5 893 Note 1. This figure is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2022 by MIIT on April 10th, 2023. Emission factors of the supply chain and the disposal are based on the carbon footprints of representative vehicles from the product lines, calculated by using the LCA tool GaBi provided by Sphera. Logistics emissions are based on the transaction mode and region. Emissions factors of logistics applied the international GLEC Framework V2. 0 directive, CleanCargo and DIN EN 16258. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO2 emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (as per VDA 900-100). The year-on-year reduction for this figure was mainly due to the implementation of the sludge drying project in Plant Dadong in which the water content of sludge has been reduced and leading to a reduction in waste for disposal per vehicle. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. 3. This figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. The previous years figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. This figure does not include employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death. The previous years figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. This figure includes offline training only. In 2022, the overall offline training was less affected by the epidemic, the number of offline training organised has increased and the number of course participants has increased, which was the main reason for the increase in the number of days of the overall trainees compared with that in 2021. 7. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase in online video and live-streaming activitles in which the number of beneficiaries is counted by visiting times. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the scope expansion by including employees children and other public into the scope and the launch of online progrom for the first time to attracted associate volunteers to participate. Key Sustainability Data Summary INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 16 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 1 CHAPTER 1 1. 1 1. 2 From Strategy to Action Corporate Governance17 23FUNDAMENTALS INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 17 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 FROM STRATEGY TO ACTION PRACTISING SUSTAINABILITY AT HOME IN CHINA1. 1 At BMW Group China, our sustainable development strategy is a constantly evolving framework that adapts to our business models and external landscape. On top of adaptation and scrutinisation, we highly value the communication with stakeholders. This builds mutual trust and understanding, while prioritising swift action on pressing sustainability issues. Our sustainable development is underpinned by strong governance, and we collaborate across departments and promote two-way communication to drive initiatives forward. st Rank SDG 16 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 18 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The past year presented formidable challenges, as the effects of climate change wrought havoc on our ecosystems and depleted our resources. This environmental crisis creates obstacles to a global green economy resource and energy shortages, and risk of supply chain disruption. The automotive industry has a significant impact on the natural environment. Our sustainable transformation is therefore imperative for tackling global challenges of air pollution, global warming and resource conservation. Digitalisation and electrification are driving revolutionary change in our product development and production. These advances are paving the way for a circular economy, thereby mitigating the impact of our value chain on the environment. Therefore, 2022 compels united action and cooperation and, as a company deeply rooted in China, the BMW Group China stands as an emblem of collaboration and growth. The 20th National Congress highlighted the need for green development and harmony between humanity and nature. This principle provides a clear roadmap for our carbon neutral targets. For us to be At Home in China, we are maintaining close dialogue with local governments and being proactive to pursue win-win outcomes. In 2022, Dr. Franz Decker participated in the China-Germany Sister City Forum with the theme Green and Digital-New Impetus for China and Germany Sister Cities Mutual Beneficial Cooperation, and delivered a keynote speech in the green cooperation sub- forum. We have also deepened our strategic partnership with Maple Leaf Car Rental, and the first batch of all-new BMW i3 will now be deployed to Maple Leaf Car Rental s nationwide service network. Our stakeholders, how we communicate with them, and their focuses, are listed in the adjacent table DIALOGUE WITH STAKEHOLDERS STAKEHOLDERS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS FOCUS TOPICS Employees Trade Union, the BMW Brilliance Congress, employee surveys, Social Drive activities, all- round training, WeChat, internal webpage, etc. Product quality and safety Compliance Air pollution Sustainable product portfolio Civil Society Roundtables, lectures and discussions with experts, and scholars, specialised local pro - grammes, traineeships, vocational opportuni - ties, etc. Product quality and safety Diversity, equality and inclusion Sustainable governance Information security and privacy protectionOUR STAKEHOLDER GROUPS AND ENGAGEMENT APPROACH From Strategy to Action INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 19 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Since our last materiality assessment in 2020, the world has undergone significant changes not only with COVID-19, but also the conflicts in Europe, the growing urgency to take climate actions and the rapidly changing regulatory requirements, and more. As a result, our stakeholders expectations of our performance have changed, so in 2022 we conducted a refreshed materiality assessment to identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter most to our business and key stakeholders. Our refreshed assessment is based on the double materiality assessment approach, combining quantitative and qualitative methods. Our final list of material issues was developed via analysis of megatrends and policies, while adhering to the double materiality principle proposed by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). The materiality matrix was based on 15 interviews and more than 350 questionnaires with eight internal and external stakeholder groups. The top management reviewed and confirmed the results to ensure their validity and relevance. The horizontal axis represents the significance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group China, and the vertical axis represents relevance to the BMW Group China s business success. The result is a materiality matrix revealing the nine issues considered most relevant to BMW Group China as well as our stakeholders. Prioritising Issues We then grouped material issues into our strategic priorities. Our China Board has reviewed the results of our materiality analysis to validate the importance of each topic, and upon validation, we began crafting detailed action plans to deliver our commitment within each of the priority. Strategic Priorities BMW Group China 2022 Materiality Matrix Significance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group ChinaRelevance to the BMW Group China s business success1 2 435 7 86 16 18 19 20 179 10 12 15141311Product Responsibility Environmental Social Governance 1 Sustainable product portfolio 2 Product quality and safety 3 Urban mobility and infrastructure 4 Connected and autonomous drivingProduct Responsibility 5 Decarbonisation across the value chain 6 Circular economy 7 Air pollution 8 Enviornment, ecology and resource managementEnvironmental 9 Responsible sourcing 10 Diversity, equality and inclusion 11 Occupational health and safety 12 Employee development and talent retention 13 Attractive workplace 14 Corporate citizenship & community engagement 15 Human rightsSocial 16 Compliance 17 Information security and privacy protection 18 Sustainable governance 19 Public policy participation 20 Stakeholder engagementGovernance From Strategy to Action INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 20 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 At BMW Group China, we believe that a truly responsible and sustainable business must have a higher purpose than simply achieving profit it must work to improve the world. By prioritising the material issues, we can effectively identify and analyse the most pressing challenges, enabling us to better determine our sustainable development direction and implement responsible business practices that drive positive impact. OUR SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES Decarbonisation has been topping the priority list at BMW Group China, and we are taking ambitious climate actions not only in our product design and production, but also across our value chain to initiate changes and catalyse transformation. Moreover, we recognise our responsibility to society as a whole and invest in corporate social responsibility as a way to promote corporate citizenship and contribute to a better world. Social sustainability Read more on p. 62, 67, 72, 75, 81 There is no premium without sustainability, and our top priority is to meet the demands of Chinese customers for premium products and services and sustainable mobility. As disclosure standards and stakeholder expectations continue to evolve, we demand ourselves to follow the most advanced disclosure requirements to present our sustainability performance with more comprehensive, material, accurate, and reliable data. Material Issues Material Issues Sustainable product portfolio Environment, ecology and resource managementDecarbonisation across the value chain Responsible sourcingInformation security and privacy protection Circular econ - omyOccupational health and safety Compliance Product quality and safetyEmployee de - velopment and talent retention Air pollutionPublic policy participationAttractive workplace Stakeholder engagement Urban mobility and infrastructure Connected & au - tonomous driving Corporate citizenship & community engagement Human rights Launched five fully electric models in the Chinese market the BMW i7, the all-new BMW i3, the BMW i4, the BMW iX, and the BMW iX3. Installed wastewater sludge dryers at Plant Dadong and Lydia to reduce waste volume and weight. Energy efficiency improvement measures recorded on STEAM platform contributed more than 15, 034 MWh in 2022. dealers awarded NT Green Star status for their outstanding performance of providing green services. Our imported and domestic vehicles achieved reduced Corporate Average Fuel Consumption (CAFC) in 2022. Created E-Safety platform using digitalisation to improve and optimise the management level. Developed a closed-loop quality-related feedback mechanism, with Natural Language Process technology aiding communication with customers. New air filters were installed in BMW vehicles to increase durability and enhanced filtration for PM2. 5. Utilization of a new paint component that contains 66 less volatile organic compounds at Plant Lydia and Dadong. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 22 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 BMW Group China Climate Resilience Alliance Initiative To effectively address climate change, collaborative and coordinated actions are essential. For this reason, we have established the Climate Resilience Alliance within the company. It is a cross-functional group led by the strategic department and includes representatives from key business segments such as supply chain, production, and sales. Through this mechanism, we have established effective communication and cooperation channels to identify the latest climate risks, conduct capacity building and cross-functional collaboration to ensure that climate mitigation and adaptation measures are integrated into all business segments of the company. SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT The BMW Group China's commitment to sustainable development is putting into action by comprehensive, top-down management and collaboration. The BMW China Board is at the core of our leadership who guides us to integrate sustainability into all key business decisions that direct our company forward. Climate is changing faster than the world can keep up. The China Board is also responsible for ensuring compliance with all provisions of the law and internal regulations, as well as for adequate risk management and control. Our dedicated China Sustainability Circle steers development, provides regular updates and progress reports to the China Board, assigns tasks and seeks feedback. This ensures sustainability remains at the forefront of our business. Cross-functional and divisional circles reinforce initiatives across the company. By enabling feedback from our operations, we promote collaborative sustainable development throughout the organisation. At the day-to-day level, our internal business functions lead progress on sustainability-related decisions made by the China Board. This process is also steered and monitored by Management Circles across business functions. Through regular reviews, Management Circles ensure that decisions from the Board of Management are translated into actionable items with measurable targets and delivered to the operational level for implementation. Sustainability Governance at BMW Group ChinaImplementation LevelManagement LevelBoard LevelBMW GROUP CHINA CHINA BOARD CHINA SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLE DEDICATED SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLESCROSS-FUNCTIONAL AND DIVISIONAL CIRCLES SUSTAINABILITY OPERATIONS NETWORK ACROSS BUSINESS FUNCTIONS the impacts of climate change. In addition, we are integrating climate-related risk assessments into our new project investment decision-making processes, to take preventive measures at each stage. Our awareness and capacity-building efforts are also ongoing. At BMW Group China, climate change risks are given high priority by the company's top level - the China Board takes ultimate responsibility for climate change issues, and regularly reviews the impact of climate change on our business to ensure that adaptation actions are integrated into all aspects of operations, and that effective measures are taken to mitigate related risks. We recognise that a thorough analysis and quantification of climate change risks is essential for effective management. As such, since 2021, we have undertaken a climate change risk analysis following the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. This analysis takes into account our business characteristics, future scenarios, geographical locations, and other factors to deeply analyse the climate related risks. In 2022, the BMW Brilliance focused a physical risk assessment on our Shenyang manufacturing base. And the results have been integrated into the corporate risk report of BMW Brilliance, ensuring future assessments and integration with overall risk management. Furthermore, by completing the assessment of transition risks in 2023, we will be able to achieve a more comprehensive understanding of the impact of climate change. At the plant level, we are developing climate mitigation and adaptation measures to ensure that our essential manufacturing facilities are resilient to From Strategy to Action INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 23 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE1. 2 As part of the multinational enterprise of BMW Group, the BMW Group China upholds international and local laws and regulations, and operates according to strict management standards. SDG 16 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 24 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT At BMW Group China, compliance employs a wide network consisting of respective compliance management boards, functions and roles to implement an effective Compliance Management System (CMS) at each entity. Business departments as the first line are responsible for lawful conduct during the performance of the daily business to ensure compliance requirements and processes are implemented accordingly. Compliance organisation as the second line assists business departments ( first line ) with exercising their compliance responsibility. A multi-layer comprehensive compliance organisation is in place consisting of Group Compliance and Divisional Compliance functions as well as local compliance functions and Compliance delegates ambassadors. Corporate audit as the third line is responsible for independent auditing of compliance structures, processes and systems which supports company management, monitoring functions and operational management. Compliance committees are management boards that supervise and approve activities as well as manage compliance and reputation risks. The CMS is tailored to BMW Group China entities' risk situation and addresses all relevant compliance topics. Relevant compliance topics include antitrust compliance, corruption prevention, fraud prevention, data privacy, export control, anti-money laundering etc. At the corporate level, the BMW Group Legal Compliance Code integrates the corporate principles of the BMW Group into fundamental rules of conduct. For employees and the public, it offers transparency about key compliance areas. On the basis of this, internal policies and processes are established that reflect the legal requirements for compliance concerns. Compliance risk assessment serves as the foundation for identifying business-specific compliance risks and mitigation measures. The integration of compliance in our business culture is significantly aided by such communication. At BMW Group China, compliance means much more than simply complying with applicable laws and company rules. It is part of our living culture of integrity and creates a binding framework for all our business activities. It builds trust in our products and brands. It shapes our public image of sustainability. A ROBUST GOVERNANCE STRUCTURETHREE-STAGE APPROACH TO COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AND COMPLIANCE TOPICS To ensure that the proper accountability structure is in place, the BMW Group China has built a strong organisational framework. At BMW Brilliance, for example, accountability for compliance at shareholder level rests with the Board of Directors (BoD) and its subcommittee, the Audit and Compliance Committee (AC). As the first line, business departments are responsible for identifying compliance risks in their daily business, assessing these in line with corporate objectives, and controlling and receding such risks. The role of the Compliance Interface which serves as the bridge between business and central compliance function is created and nominated by all departments. Legal and responsible behaviour is promoted via coordination between the central compliance department, the guiding roles of compliance issues, and business departments. For all entities in BMW Group China, Corporate Governance & Compliance, for example, is the department specifically responsible for overseeing compliance programmes. Legal Affairs, Controlling, Tax, Customs and Export Control, IT, Corporate Quality and Human Resources, among others, are examples of broader compliance steering functions connected to compliance topics. A comprehensive compliance management team has also been established as a conduit for communicating and implementing regulatory requirements, supporting overall compliance matters and promoting compliance culture within the Financial Services segment. Compliance awareness is enhanced through various internal communication and training activities, which made an important contribution towards establishing compliance in the corporate culture. This empowers employees to fulfil their personal responsibility for lawful conduct in their areas, while online and classroom sessions meet the needs of different target groups. In 2022, strong and clear tone on importance of compliance and expectations has been delivered in Executive Dialogue by top management across BMW Group China entities through which conveyed the management emphasis and high standard compliance requirement from the top management. This campaign was awarded and recognised by BMW Group in 2022. On regular basis, compliance communication letters focusing on various compliance topics are sent to all associates or target groups to remind compliance risks and requirements. COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT IN FINANCIAL SERVICES SEGMENTCOMPLIANCE AWARENESS PROMOTION DATA PRIVACY AND INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT Stringent data protection requirements are taken into account early on when developing BMW Group China products and services. We prioritise transparency, openness, and security based on a robust governance structure. Our policies, standards and processes are designed to ensure that data is secure and accurate, and that the BMW Group China s management of the data complies with China s and other market-specific regulatory requirements. IT-based compliance systems have been used for transparent and efficient documentation, assessment and approval of compliance-relevant matters. The BMW Group China SpeakUP Line notification is well established and communicated to ensure questions and concerns are addressed properly. One of our goals for 2022 is to Make Compliant Behaviour Easier. The decisive Tone from the Top is conveyed down to every level of the organisation through the development of new communication channels, such as light App Compliance Q&A, and the creation of engaging communication materials, etc. BMW Brilliance Compliance Management System Manual, a one-stop learning material, was distributed to all Compliance Responsibles and Interfaces of BMW Brilliance and LingYue. In addition, the Compliance Training Week covering 11 regulatory compliance or internal compliance subjects was conducted in 2022. Corporate Governance INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 26 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 We are reinforcing our information security management, specifically cybersecurity and IT security. This includes the promotion of our production network security, where we completed a 95 compliance assessment for a total of 4, 369 types of software. We developed a mobile app compliance process for apps published in Chinese iOS and Android app stores. A cross-functional governance framework oversees implementation and compliance throughout the organisation. At the corporate level, we established an interdisciplinary Data Governance Project and the Cybersecurity Law of China (CSL) Programme to analyse and implement legal requirements. Required by Data Governance Project and CSL Programme, a dedicated team of five specific focal points was created to help the company achieve its commitments as we develop and implement new technologies, products and services. The Data Security Officer (DSO) takes the lead in data security on important data. The Automotive Data Security Officer (ADSO) drives the design and implementation of automotive data security. The Data Compliance Officer (DCO) ensures conformity of design and implementation of overall data compliance and conducts compliance review on data processing activities. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT APPROACHrelevant counterparts including BMW Brilliance IT and LingYue obtained the ISO IEC 27001 and 27701 certifications. LingYue also passed the ISO IEC 27017, ISO IEC 27018 and ISO IEC 38505. In 2022, we participated in, and passed, the Intelligent Connected Vehicles (ICV) Cybersecurity & Data Security Inspection project organised by the Shanghai Communications Administration. In addition, we participated in credible risk frameworks and standards, including 36 Multi- Level Protection Scheme (MLPS) certifications that cover more than 100 applications. Focusing on data security, our new data management guidelines, the Data Governance Instruction, comply with the requirements of the BMW Group and are in line with domestic regulations. The Various Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial) mainly aims to standardise the management of automotive data security, safeguard the personal information security of vehicle owners, and ensure the security of vehicle networks. Types of certifications BMW Group China has accredited for regarding Information and data security management Governance Project was established in 2022. As a result, we became the first OEM to receive Data Security Capability Maturity Certification (DSMM) issued by the China Academy for Information and Communication Technology (CAICT), confirming the maturity of our data security management. Our responsibility to our customers includes the careful handling of their data. In order to increase clarity and conformity, we have established a robust process to respond to the potential incidents involving data security. Incident manager will immediately assess the scope of the incident and coordinate various departments to take actions. In addition, it is part of our daily work to continuously track and test our products regularly to reduce risks. Via our online platforms, we ensure appropriate behaviour and understanding of policies with training and communications, such as the Learning Management System, the E-learning System and To ensure compliant operations in an environment full of opportunities and challenges, we will continue to provide appropriate solutions and professional consultations that support business development and mitigate risks. To be in line with the company's technological advancements, additional IT tools will be created or upgraded, and the overall compliance programmes will be more digitalised. Adhering to the user-centric approach, our focus in compliance communication is, and always will be, on providing high-quality, timely, and relevant content. Improvements in data identification and classification will result in strengthened management measures that will guide the company on its journey. With the introduction of ICV standards in 2023, compliance of our vehicles with regard to information security and customer privacy protection will be standardised and prioritised. A phishing awareness session, for example, targeted 15, 514 employees, including partners. This resulted in a 12 decrease in the clicking rate for three consecutive years. Complying with EU and Chinese regulations such as UN R155, the Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial), we established processes and solutions to ensure the safety of vehicle data transfer and usage. In addition, to address ICV s security and customer data privacy risks, all products are subject to Security Process & Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) before launch and iteration. This means that information security factors will be taken into account from the product design stage onward. Employees and partners included in our phishing awareness section in 2022. 9, 000 Employees participated in the China Data Law Online Training in 2022. Corporate Governance 28 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 2 CHAPTER 2 PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS Premium Quality and Safety Sustainable Products Customer-centric Services Mobility Concepts and Solutions2. 1 2. 2 2. 3 2. 4At BMW Group China, we don t just innovate and manufacture cars we integrate our understanding and exploration of sustainable products and services throughout the entire process. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION PREMIUM QUALITY AND SAFETY2. 1 A commitment to the highest standards drives our pursuit of excellence we take extensive measures to improve customers health, safety and satisfaction. This includes promoting a quality- first culture, adhering to quality and safety standards throughout design and manufacturing, and enabling a safe driving environment. SDG 3 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 30 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 1 The BMW Group China ensures that all its products and services meet the highest standards for quality and safety, as set by ISO 9001 and internal requirements. In 2022, all of manufacturing bases in China are ISO 9001 certified with latest renewal audit. We prioritise delivering premium customer experiences, and take a customer-centric approach to pursue excellence in service quality management. Key insights are channelled to our R&D, manufacturing, sales and marketing operations to drive continual improvement. Our service quality is optimised by big data analysis. One of the digital solutions we adopted is the Natural Language Processing (NLP) to provide a holistic view of the customer experience throughout the product lifecycle. Consequently, the BMW Group China connects with customers on a deeper level, delivering personalised services tailored to specific needs. The BMW Group China's quality-first culture creates a shared vision for our business units, our divisions and, especially, our industry partners. At the German Association of the Automotive Industry's first Quality Summit themed Sustainable and Digital Quality Experience we shared ideas on quality management and digital transformation with peers and industry associates. We also convened the first BMW China Q-Auditor Conference, which gathered representatives from the BMW Group China, BMW Group and T V S D China. TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENTSERVICE QUALITYDELIVERING QUALITY -FIRST CUL TURE A quality-first culture guides our high-quality management. The forward- thinking BMW iFACTORY strategy promotes culture by emphasising customer-centric management, and precision-targeted work. This upgrade has enhanced our operating procedures and service quality, and in turn contributed to improvements in customer experience. In 2022, more than 320 dealers used the platform and implemented more than 1, 000 aftersales action plans. This underscored our commitment to deliver premium customer experiences at our main customer touchpoints. All BMW Brilliance vehicles must meet the standards set forth in GB T 27630 and be tested under extreme conditions that mimic customer use. New air filters have increased durability and enhanced filtration for PM2. 5. Our data is submitted in accordance with the China Quality Certification Centre Material Database System (CQC MDS) requirement, and the China Automotive Material Data System (CAMDS), as a requirement of type approval. Our BMW M Driving Experience China programme offers comprehensive training to cultivate safe driving behaviour and equip drivers with the skills to navigate challenging situations on the road. In 2022, the programme attracted 19, 993 participants, showing a growing customer interest in our initiatives to enhance road safety. With our new car model, we have worked closely with partners to seamlessly integrate and adjust to the BMW Group's target, ensuring that the electric motor acoustics meet their rigorous standards. As tyre is a primary source of noise and a key focus for the BMW Group China, we have reduced road noise by using an improved compound and adding noise-absorbing foam for all 20-inch tyres. As a result, not only has interior noise been reduced, but exterior noise for pass-by noise has also been significantly decreased. In R&D, our rigorous control includes more than 70 test benches, featuring more than 100 distinct types of approval tests. During the production, our Shenyang manufacturing base has developed a unique strength in applying the EMT 1 concept, allowing for faster decision-making and problem-solving on quality issues. Should a risk be identified, an independent quality management team collaborates with R&D and procurement teams to execute prompt and effective measures. BMW 3 Series Top B-class Luxury Sedan X1 BMW X1 Top A-class Luxury SUV 5BMW 5 Series (Long-ranged and PHEV) Top C-class Luxury Sedan X3 BMW X3 Top B-class Luxury SUV X5 BMW X5 Top SUVFive of our models defended their titles in their own segments of the China Automobile Customer Satis - faction Index in 2022. Low-carbon and sustainability are integrated into every aspect of our products, with a strategic emphasis on electrification, digitalisation and circularity. Our initiatives range from pioneering research and the development of eco-friendly products to the adoption of sustainable raw materials. SDG 9, 12 and 13 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 33 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 As of the end of 2022, we proudly unveiled five fully electric models in the Chinese market the ground-breaking BMW i7, the all-new BMW i3, the BMW i4, the BMW iX and the BMW iX3. These models were met with great success, with a total of 59, 118 retail NEV deliveries throughout 2022. The highly integrated, lightweight, scalable and modular design of our NEVs achieves impressive electrical efficiency an e-range of 455 to 665 km, with 14. 3 to 19. 1 kWh of energy consumption per 100 km. These remarkable achievements reflect our unwavering commitment to advanced automotive electrification and sustainability. Our goal is to not only provide transport, but offer innovative and sustainable carriers that support a better future for society. We are proud of our achievements in E-mobility and are dedicated to driving progress towards a more sustainable world by accelerating the global electrification of the BMW Group. A STRONG SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT PORTFOLIOWe believe the future of transport is electric, digital and circular. We are therefore optimising our product portfolio and accelerating the transition to E-mobility. By 2030, over 50 of the global annual sales of the BMW Group will be BEVs; by then, the cumulative delivery of BEVs by the BMW Group is expected to exceed 10 million. It not only embodies the sustainable development concept in the manufacturing process, but also runs through the entire value chain and product lifecycle. Sustainable Features in BMW iX Use of an olive leaf extract to replace traditional tanning agentsCentral control console uses Forest Stewardship Council-certified wood Carpets made with 100 recycled nylon from fish nets Fabrics and microfibres use 50 recycled polyester Sustainable Products INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 34 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 1. The amount of steel used is decreasing year by year, thanks to lower scrap rates in workshops and lightweight vehicle designs. The BMW Group China conducted a comprehensive Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) analysis of our models, to identify opportunities for CO reduction. In 2022, we completed the BMW 5 Series LCA, with consultancy by the China Automotive Technology and Research Centre (CATARC). We are also fully committed to optimising fuel consumption management and achieving peak aerodynamic performance, to enhance fuel efficiency and curtail CO emissions. Accordingly, our vehicles achieved notable reductions in their corporate average fuel consumption in 2022, plummeting from 8. 29 l 100km to 7. 24 l 100km for imported models, and from 6. 42 l 100km to 6. 08 l 100km for domestic models. Our hard work and dedication have been recognised in China. Our primary strategy for advancing the circular economy is a combination of the Secondary First and RE THINK, RE DUCE, RE USE, RE CYCLE frameworks. Our circular practice is aligned with the initiatives of the BMW Group. Our supply chain management and standards are aligned with the BMW Group, focusing on increasing secondary materials while ensuring safety. Meanwhile, we recycled 14, 536 t of scrap aluminium in 2022. Plastic is another area of secondary material in which we have made significant progress. We launched a first batch of research PROMOTING SECONDARY MATERIAL USAGE into recycled plastics in conjunction with our suppliers, at the end of 2021. Over the course of a year-long study, we achieved significant research achievements in the industrial processes of plastic, as well as product development and verification. We also gained valuable experience in applying recycled materials to existing products. In 2022, we attended a CATARC seminar on Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) and talked about secondary material requirements, supply chain measures, and ways to cut down on end- of-life vehicle (ELV) waste. It is of great significance to implement a sound system for the recycling and utilisation of HVBs in order to protect the ecological environment and ensure the sustainable and healthy development of the NEVs industry. The BMW Group China is consolidating its leadership in circularity with faster expansion of our scope and overall parts remanufacturing capabilities. In 2022, we increased the extent of our parts return, and improved remanufacturing parts research and development in aftersales. This enriched the remanufacturing parts reserve and resulted in the effective recycling of more materials. In 2022, we announced a new partnership with Zhejiang Huayou Recycling Technology Co. Ltd. (Huayou Recycling) for closed-loop recycling from HVBs retired from our electric vehicles. This partnership will facilitate the recycling of critical materials, including nickel, lithium and cobalt, which will be returned to our battery suppliers for the production of new HVBs. For BMW Group, this is the first time that HVBs raw materials have been recycled in a closed-loop system. It is estimated that CO2 emissions can be reduced by 70 through implementing a closed-loop system that, which maximises the resale value of retired HVBs and reduces the need to mine raw materials. Since 2020, the BMW Group and Huayou Recycling have investigated the recyclability of HVBs. Consequently, we were the pioneer in China to successfully reuse HVBs to power forklifts. In 2022, the BMW Group China and Huayou Recycling deepened this cooperation with a project to reuse HVBs in different scenarios across the BMW Group China s Shenyang manufacturing base. Forklifts, pallet-lifting trucks and stationary energy storage are all potential destinations for our retired HVBs, and both parties continue to investigate further applications. CLOSING THE LOOP FOR HVBSSCALING UP SECONDARY USE OF HVBSENHANCING HVB TRACEABILITY We are working to foster the sustainable, circular and high-quality growth of China s HVBs, through collaboration with industry partners. Sustainable Products INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 36 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Looking ahead to 2023, the BMW Group is to introduce even more compelling NEVs in the Chinese market. This new lineup will give us the most comprehensive NEV product portfolio among premium brands, covering almost all market segments. In terms of materials, by working with our suppliers, we will continue to promote the use of secondary raw materials and standardise our energy and CO2 management through verification audits. And we are committed to prioritising sustainability throughout our operations, and hence creating a better future for our customers and our planet. We are also redesigning parts reverse logistics process and system for the next five years. FORECAST In 2022, several actions were promoted to realise the precise management of parts remanufacturing and recycling in a highly effective manner. As a result, we recycled an impressive total of 646 t of material, including 465 t of metal, 140 t of plastic, 36 t of paper and 5 t of fabric in 2022. Our development focused on electronic steering gear, engine components, four-wheel drive transfer cases, High 3 Head Unit remanufacturing, and the expansion of applications for air conditioning compressors. This analytical approach makes the BMW Group China well- positioned to lead the market and inspire consumer trends. We are proud of our progress and remain fully committed to both recycling and remanufacturing parts. By sharing our sustainable thinking, we aim to inspire customers to adopt a more sustainable lifestyle while enjoying the whole customer journey. Of NEV users relied on the My BMW App. The My BMW App provides a well-rounded user experience. Digitalisation fosters a multi-connection relationship between BMW s customers, products, services and brands. The My BMW App provides a well-rounded experience throughout the customer journey, its convenient functions including making down payments for cars, scheduling services, controlling cars remotely and keeping up-to-date on BMW-related news. My BMW App has earned high customer recognition and satisfaction, as indicated by a 4. 9-star rating (out of 5) in the Apple Store. The digital service platform SPARK-DMO enables BMW dealers to meet customers online and provide tailored services in real time. Digitalisation also contributes to the reduction of our environmental footprint. In 2022, with online operations increasingly replacing traditional paper-based services, we prevented the use of more than 100 million pieces of paper. Customer-centric is our guiding ethos. With the empowerment of digitalisation, this process is becoming more direct and efficient, which enhances our customer experiences. As an important part of our low-carbon services, we aim to provide holistic, convenient, and efficient charging services driven by customer centricity. CUSTOMER-CENTRIC APPROACH LOW-CARBON SERVICESRESPONSIBLE MARKETINGDIGITAL CUSTOMER JOURNEY DEVELOPING CHARGING NETWORK Private Charging We provide high-quality Wallboxes and in - stallation services. By the end of 2022, we had installed 123, 000 Wallboxes. We also enabled Easy Charge technology with more CPO to charge NEVs simply by plugging them in. By the end of 2022, over 470, 000 charging pillars were con - nected to the BMW charging network 90, 000 of which featured Easy Charge technology. By the end of 2022, 552 dealer charging stations were available. This is a one-stop platform for services such as charging guides, digital service, charging community and membership, online charging care, and more. By the end of 2022, 160, 115 of NEV users relied on the My BMW App. Through this community, the official account Charging Power Bank periodically provides users with charging service information, professional knowledge and Q&As, as well as delivers thoughtful gifts and holiday greetings, allowing users to enjoy reliable and intelligent charging services. GREEN CHARGING SERVICES DIGITAL CHARGING SERVICESFinancial services are crucial to BMW Group China s long-term sustainable growth. The BMW Group China is at the forefront of driving customer interest in non-fossil-fuelled transport by offering competitive financing options for NEVs. Our current loan and leasing products apply fully to NEV models, such as the BMW i3, BMW iX3, BMW i4, BMW iX and BMW i7. In addition, Herald Leasing the leasing service provider of BMW Group China provides greater flexibility in the way customer pay for usage. The service offers residual value-based products for BEV models, such as the 12 and 24-month-term Joy Select Plus FINANCIAL SERVICESoffer for the BMW iX3 and BMW i3, and more terms and eligible models will be expanded to provide customers with more flexibility. In 2022, our 618 online promotion programme of the BMW i3 helped raise awareness of electrification among consumers. We also launched a Double-11 themed promotion programme to encourage customer acceptance for transportation electrification. The BMW Group China s sustainable business strategy has been effectively extended by enabling these financial tools, which also represents an exciting foray into sustainable product development. In 2022, we launched the MISSION i 2022 BMW Electrified Products and Technology Media Day event in Shaoxing and Qiandao Lake in Zhejiang Province. More than 150 media outlets participated. The event s main focus was BMW s BEV family, which embodies the values and achievements of our sustainability efforts. Our goal was to communicate these values to the public through our products and to demonstrate our progress in transitioning to electric vehicles. The BMW Group China s green products combine to create a convenient, innovative and sustainable driving experience. An example of this is the MINI s GREEN mode, which enables users to activate a consumption-reducing setting in the driving mode, raising green driving awareness. On social media platforms, a creative campaign promoted this function and prompted more than 21. 6 million impressions. Public, Bimmers and MINI fans, core medias, associates and dealers were engaged and further expanded the discussion on sustainability, digitalisation and innovation topics. The BMW M Driving Experience is a platform for customers who share that passion. Through innovative, interactive and playable activities, we will enable the public to integrate sustainability into their daily lives. With customer-centric approach, the BMW Group China values interaction with customers and actively conveys our sustainability strategy through different engagement activities. Our BMW MINI Service Experience Ambassador Programme also collects customer feedback. Customer-centric Services 41BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 41 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION MOBILITY CONCEPTS AND SOLUTIONS2. 4 The BMW Group China facilitates the adoption of mobility solutions in electric ecosystems and traffic management to make our cities more liveable. Throughout 2022, we developed a number of initiatives and collaborations to advance mobility concepts and solutions that could enhance the freedom and quality of individual movement while minimising the impact on the environment and society. cities Where BMW shared driving rental services are launched jointly by Herald Leasing and local dealers. Lighthouse City BEIJING vision picture A vision of Smart City of the future mobility, was released by BMW and partner in 2022. SDG 11 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 42 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 As Beijing confronts excessive traffic congestion, solutions that transform transport are critical. Being part of the solution, the BMW Group China is taking the initiative to work with government and experts to rethink and restructure mobility in an efficient and sustainable way. In December 2022, we released the BMW Lighthouse City - Beijing Vision Picture and shared our vision of smart city of the future mobility. The study's additional value was driven by applying our expertise and cutting-edge technology to urban planning and electrification. This creates density, congestion, air pollution, noise, CO2 emissions and scarcity of public space. As a mobility provider, we aim to find innovative solutions that address these challenges and make urban transport more sustainable. Vehicle-sharing is a sustainable practice that contributes to lower transport infrastructure, and reduces the environmental impact of travelling. With this in mind, the BMW Group China is leveraging its electric portfolio to offer a wider range of shared mobility options. Herald Leasing our shared mobility services provider has launched car rental services jointly with local dealers in six Chinese cities, promoting shared mobility. For example, customers can enjoy a worry-free rental service with the BMW iX3 in Hainan Province. We suggested optimising traffic flow and improving efficiency by promoting multiple transport modes. Our partnership with the Beijing Transport Institute aims to increase the use of designated bus lanes and reduce urban congestions through reservation-based transportation. With digital traffic management methods, reservation-based transport could optimise the allocation of resources, thus easing congestion. The initiative s scope was expanded from electric to petrol vehicles in 2022. Our shared mobility service will continue to focus on digital services while progressively expanding its business scope. All of these actions will position us to drive sustainable transformation in mobility. The all-new BMW i3. 1 Mobility Concepts and Solutions PROMOTING CAR RENTAL SERVICES WITH PARTNERS 2 BMW Brilliance and Maple Leaf Car Rental deepened their cooperation in 2022, with wider green options in multiple scenarios. A first batch of the all-new BMW i3 offered Chinese customers a high-quality shared mobility experience. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 3 CHAPTER 3 PRODUCTION AND OPERATION Resource Consumption and Efficiency Green Logistics3. 1 3. 2We evaluate a vehicle s environmental footprint along the entire value chain before delivering it to market. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION Our regional production faces multiple challenges and opportunities, including post-pandemic energy demands, increases in development- related greenhouse gases, and booming renewable capacities. Our accordance with the BMW Group s worldwide production strategy provides the agility for constant improvement while we explore new, low-carbon technologies. Water consumption per vehicle produced vs 2021.-20. 0 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced vs 2021. 1. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. SDG 7, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 15 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 45 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 A blueprint for tomorrow s automotive production, the BMW iFACTORY strategy addresses the shift to E-mobility and drives the future of plants and production. We are committed to sustainable production by promoting LEAN, GREEN and DIGITAL manufacturing, promoting people, and promoting EMT (the integration of R&D, procurement and production). THE NEW BENCHMARK FOR FUTURE PRODUCTIONOur approach to growth which embraces both commercial success and sustainability is supported by the global iFACTORY strategy. This enables a highly flexible production line that saves resources, has transparent data and promotes circularity, for every vehicle we produce. The BMW iFACTORY strategy accords with China s aspiration to combine green standards, innovation and economic growth. This is fundamental to maintaining optimised production and ensuring the highest standards for our customers. All of our manufacturing sites in China practised flexible production. High output and flexibility have contributed to BMW Brilliance increasing production from one million cars to five million within eight years. Our Plant Dadong allows the flexible manufacture of vehicles with internal combustion engines, those with plug-in hybrid systems, and all-electric vehicles. From early production, numerous tests cover emissions, safety and accuracy, to monitor risks and ensure that defective parts or vehicles do not proceed to production. In the post-production phase, mechanical and software tests ensure quality in all aspects, from battery cells to complete vehicles. Resource Consumption and Efficiency INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 46 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Through implementing the BMW Group's manufacturing concept to be GREEN, sustainable, resource-efficiency and circular, we become a responsible manufacturer which is also our key differentiator to lead the future for premium automotive manufacturing. T owards natural resource conservation, circularity is practised across our product lifecycle. The most recent manifestation of the BMW iFACTORY strategy, it sets new benchmarks for manufacturing in the age of intelligent and electric vehicles. With Plant Lydia s plant structures, facilities, production lines, and equipment planned and put into service using virtualisation technologies, it pioneered the industrial metaverse by reducing costs and time and using cutting-edge digitalisation solutions. Digitalisation enables the sustainable expansion of E-mobility and the entire production process. For example, our simulated logistics scenarios promote safer, more efficient and accurate container management. Our operations are data- driven, with the Industrial Internet of Things ensuring precise outcomes. GREEN Matching low-carbon and high water and energy efficiency, less waste, and secondary materials utilisationDIGITAL Pioneering next-level digitalisation towards sustainable manufacturing The Factory Viewer drives digitalisation, matching efficiency, accuracy, and integration of technology. BMW Shenyang manufacturing base has started its 3D plant scanning project to create virtual plants with 3D laser scanning technology. The system offers virtual access to 13 BMW plants worldwide, ensuring fast data exchange. The technology will be used for digital planning and upgrading projects through re-scan and technical upgrades. By 2023, the 3D environment will be completed in BMW Shenyang manufacturing base. Digital plant with 3D scanning PEOPLE Mastering complexity with the right mindset and expertise T o implement transformation within our company, programmes and opportunities foster employees professional and personal growth. A diverse team enables us to leverage the strengths of mixed cultures, and to navigate a complex and changing environment. EMT Enabling faster decision-making and problem-solving A unique strength of our Shenyang manufacturing base is its application of the EMT concept. With the collaboration of EMT, we take prompt, effective and extensive measures to address risks and seize opportunities, focused on the needs of the China market. On top of the BMW iFACTORY strategy, our production in China is further implementing PEOPLE and EMT which are our competitive strengths in China. From the Group to China, BMW consistently carries out target-driven environmental management. T o ensure these targets are achievable, they are based on past production conditions and future production capacity estimates, and align with those of the BMW Group. Senior managements meet monthly to review our sustainability strategy and key projects. The Circle oversees and directs efforts to reduce CO2 emissions, improve energy efficiency, and minimise waste and water consumption. A Green Plant Circle at each plant tracks the execution of these efforts, and ensures continual improvement while exchanging and learning from worldwide best practices. Our environmental and sustainability department assesses potential impacts and risks at every stage of production. In 2022, all of our manufacturing bases successfully renewed their ISO 14001 2015 Environmental Management System certification. T o keep up-to-date with regulations, our environmental management department works closely with the compliance department, ensuring that we comply with changing policies. Resource Consumption and Efficiency INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 47 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 As part of the BMW Group, it is our obligation in China to align with the Group s commitment of reducing 80 CO2 emissions (Scope 1 and 2) per vehicle produced by 2030 from our 2019 baseline. Typically, production related CO2 emissions accounts for majority of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 OUR CARBON FOOTPRINTThe BMW Group aims to reduce CO2 emissions throughout its value chain by 2030. An integral part of that goal is to achieve carbon neutral at our production, in which remarkable progress has been made over years of effort. Since 2019, BMW Group China has transitioned to using renewable energy and attaining 100 renewable electricity1 at our Shenyang manufacturing base, as well as at all our 37 non-manufacturing sites across China in 2022, including the new Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Ningbo. CLIMATE CHANGEgreenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, which includes emissions from natural gas, purchased electricity and heating. For electricity sector, we have transformed 100 of our production electricity consumption to renewable sources by using on-site photovoltaic (PV) panel, purchasing green electricity from green power purchase agreement (Green PPAs), as well as through purchasing green certificates (International Renewable Energy Certificate, I-REC). For heating sector, we are striving to increase the replacement for lower global warming emission fuel. The remaining GHG emissions from production are mostly from the consumption of natural gas. BMW Group China's Carbon Footprint in 2022 T otal Greenhouse Gas Emissions (in t)0. 06 Scope 3 emissions Employees commuting & business trip 1. 41 Scope 3 emissions Disposal 75. 44 Scope 3 emissions Utilisation phase0. 17 Scope 1 emissions Direct emissions 0. 24 Scope 2 emissions Purchased electricity and heat 20. 41 Scope 3 emissions Upstream chain 2. 27 Scope 3 emissions LogisticsScope 1 emissions - Direct emissions2 Scope 2 emissions - Electricity heat purchased3 Scope 3 emissions - Upstream chain4 Scope 3 emissions - Logistics5 Scope 3 emissions - Utilisation phase6 Scope 3 emissions - Disposal4 Scope 3 emissions - Employees commuting7 Scope 3 emissions - Business trip8 1. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. Direct CO2 emissions generated by fossil fuel consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), excluding the fossil fuel consumption of construction and on-site suppliers. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Other climate-impacting gases than CO2 are not included. Indirect CO2 emissions generated by the consumption of purchased electricity and purchased heating of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), excluding the purchased electricity and purchased heating consumption of construction and on-site third-party suppliers. Other climate-impacting gases than CO2 are not included. Emissions from the upstream chain and disposal processes of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China for sales in Chinese mainland market are based on the carbon footprint of representative vehicles from the BMW Group s product lines, calculated by using the LCA tool GaBi provided by Sphera which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. Emission factors of logistics applied the international GLEC Framework V2. 0 directive, CleanCargo and DIN EN 16258. Started from 2022, emissions from finished vehicles logistics include those from imported finished vehicles and those from international route of exported vehicles (China ports-global dealers), and emissions from aftersales logistics include those from Spare Parts Distribution Centres to local dealerships. The fleet emissions are extrapolated from the average fleet CO2 emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China for sales in Chinese mainland market and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km. Resource Consumption and Efficiency INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 48 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The transition to low-carbon in automotive production has put high demands on our energy structure and energy use. Fuel from non-renewable resources accounted for 25, heating consumption for 21, and electricity consumption for 54. For non-renewable sources, we aim to minimise pollutants and greenhouse gas emissions, working on gradually replacing fossil fuels with more efficient, clean and reliable options. And the electric-oven powered was used at Body Shop of Plant Lydia, promoting the switch from natural gas to renewable electricity. We have achieved 100 renewable electricity1 for all our manufacturing sites as well as all 37 non-manufacturing sites in China, including our offices, Research and Development Centres, Vehicle Distribution LOW-CARBON ENERGY TRANSITION Centres (VDC), Decentralised Dispatch Area (DDA), and Spare Parts Distribution Centres (RDC), among others. Our goal is to minimise the use of green electricity certificates in the future. Through scientific evaluation, we are promoting it at manufacturing and non- manufacturing sites with suitable geographical conditions. Meanwhile, electricity generated by on-site solar PV over 64 GWh, which is a significant increase of approximately 280 from last year. CO2 Emissions per vehicle produced Green Electricity Consumption at Production from Green Power Purchase Agreement and On-site Solar Panelin t vehicle in GWh Green PPAs On-site Solar PV 2018 201820. 63 0 18. 3 17. 9 16. 9380. 3 373. 8432. 2 00. 200. 18 0. 170. 19 ( 11. 8 ) 559. 7 ( 25. 9 ) 64. 2 ( 280 )2019 20192020 20202021 20212022 2022 In 2022, with the commissioning of our two new production facilities Plant Lydia & Plant Dadong Extension, we experienced an increase in our CO2 emissions per vehicle produced as a result of the launch effects of the new infrastructures and the fluctuation in production volume. As future production operations become more efficient with a steady increase of output, we expect our CO2 emissions per vehicle produced to improve to the previous level. Meanwhile, we are vigorously promoting the substitution of clean energy for enlarge the use of renewable energy to establish healthier energy-utilisation structure to continuously drive the transformation for green production and operation. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. Data was not measured in 2018 and hence not available. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 49 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 In line with the ISO 50001-certified Energy Management System, improving energy efficiency is an unwavering part of our production practices. By innovating in energy utilisation, we reduce energy consumption per unit, lower CO2 emissions, and enhance our agility and resilience to external uncertainties. The integration of digital solutions and data is needed from the very beginning. Our BMW Brilliance production sector proactively engages with digital platforms EnDMS platform goes beyond plant-level to workshop to monitor energy consumption. Our brand-new Smart Energy System allows the new facilities to manage beyond plant and workshop levels into individual operating areas, to get the up-to-date data on energy consumption accompanied of compliance monitoring. With agile engagement and effective data collection, we are best equipped to achieve our ambitious goals. It enables safe and energy-saving production even with the lights turned off. When our plants were shut down, we took proactive measures to reduce the baseload consumption. By adjusting operation schedules, we were able to reduce the equipment output. Our energy-saving measures are being tracked and archived throughout the year via the online Standard Tool for Efficiency Applications and Measures (STEAM) platform. In 2022, the recorded 52 measures contributed to more than 15, 034 MWh the energy saving during the year. INTEGRATING DIGITAL SOLUTIONSENERGY EFFICIENCY Energy Consumption per vehicle produced in MWh vehicle 20181. 65 1. 631. 511. 401. 60 ( 14. 3 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022Water Consumption per vehicle produced in m3 vehicle 20182. 47 2. 40 1. 971. 821. 77 ( 2. 7 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 Resource efficiency will always be central to our green production. The RE THINK, RE DUCE, RE USE, RE CYCLE principle guides us to make the best use of resources in producing our vehicles. This translates to constant action in water resource recovery, waste recycling and treatment, and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions reduction. RESOURCE AND ENVIRONMENT Climate change impacts put major stress on the supply of freshwater. Sophisticated wastewater treatment is required to ensure that effluent is fit for reuse or discharge. WATER STEWARDSHIPWe constantly improve water efficiency in our production, and our aim is to minimise the influence on freshwater consumption from the fluctuation in production volume. This raises wastewater to a quality suitable for reuse in production, enabling us to achieve a closed- loop in water management. We have developed a benchmark for wastewater recycling and identified scalable measures for greater impacts. Our annual water consumption per vehicle produced declined for a fifth year, and we will continue to expand water recycling throughout the Shenyang manufacturing base. Resource Consumption and Efficiency INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 50 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 As we strive for a zero-waste future, we prioritise waste reduction, segregation and disposal management. Equipment upgrades at our Plant Tiexi and Plant Lydia led to a remarkable 95 reduction in the solvent used to clean painting robot atomisers. We also installed sludge dryers at the Plant Dadong and Plant Lydia, which reduce waste volume and weight by 40 to 50 via sludge dehydration. The same measure was implemented at our Plant Tiexi in 2021.) To ensure compliant and proper disposal of all waste, potential and existing waste-handling suppliers are subject to robust assessment. This includes regular audits and on-site inspections of their documentation and waste treatment practice to ensure full compliance with regulatory requirements. WASTE REDUCTION AND DISPOSAL Key to our green efforts are targets for reducing VOCs emissions from production. The Paint Shop of our Shenyang manufacturing plants have state-of-the-art VOCs treatment facilities, with real-time monitoring and digital management. VOCs EMISSIONS REDUCTION Sustainability is intrinsically linked to environmental and ecological conservation. Throughout our sites selection, construction and operation, we make every effort to minimise the impact of our production on local vegetation, soil and biodiversity. At our Shenyang LAND USE AND BIODIVERSITYWaste for Disposal per vehicle produced in kg vehicle 20188. 057. 47 2. 992. 502. 00 ( 20 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022VOCs Emissions per vehicle produced in kg vehicle 20180. 560. 520. 50 0. 120. 12 (0 ) 2019 2020 2021 2022 manufacturing base, we incorporate nature-based solutions, such as sponge plants and soil conservation, into the planning and construction of new developments. These efforts help us preserve biodiversity and minimise land degradation, while promoting ecological well-being in the surrounding environment. Resource Consumption and Efficiency INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 51 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Our commitment to green and sustainable operations goes beyond production it extends to our 37 non-manufacturing sites, including offices, Research and Development Centres, Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Brand Experience Centres and Training Centres. In 2022, we placed a strong focus on employee engagement. Their participation and feedback are essential for creating a low-carbon, healthy and supportive working environment that helps our people thrive and prosper. In 2022, we reached a significant milestone on the journey to transform our facilities into green buildings the release of the BMW Sustainable Work Environment Standard, which is set to raise the bar for all BMW Group China buildings. Our green initiatives are designed with this in mind promoting sustainable practices through quarterly environmental campaigns that cover topics such as energy efficiency, waste classification, resource protection, green travel and sustainable lifestyles. This engaging approach has earned positive feedback, with participants reporting a satisfaction rate of more than 99. This year, we have launched a variety of customised training courses through BMW e-learning platform, such as Waste Classification and Sustainable Actions at Work and Life, to help employees develop a more systematic knowledge on sustainability. Our Communication Letter is another important tool for promoting sustainable behaviour, providing helpful tips on promoting sustainability lifestyle and sharing insights on sustainability topics. With this standard, we can establish, manage and deliver more quantifiable and tangible sustainability outcomes throughout a building s lifecycle. Small actions can make a big impact. In day-to-day operations, we promote a green and healthy workplace, and foster behaviour change in four main areas 1. Resource Consumption and Efficiency 52 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION GREEN LOGISTICS3. 2 Logistics plays a vital role in driving green transformation across our value chain. Aftersales parts sourced locally. SDG 9, 12, 13 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 53 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The BMW Group China is deeply invested in scaling up low-carbon and multi-modal transport such as rail and sea freight to cut emissions and boost efficiency. In 2022, we promoted rail freight to improve logistics efficiency, and made significant progress more than 30 of parts from the Greater Shanghai area reached our Shenyang manufacturing base by train. This shift in transportation modes alone helped us reduce annual CO2 emissions by 2, 160 t, compared to diesel truck transport. For finished vehicle logistics, the Plant Dadong train station commenced full operation at our Plant Dadong Extension in 2022. This allows for the loading and dispatch of vehicles within the plant and across our Shenyang manufacturing sites via special rail lines. It significantly improved transport efficiency and reduced CO2 emissions. For aftersales logistics, our low-carbon strategy is guided by the 2025 Aftersales Strategy. This aims for higher performance with a positive environmental impact. As part of this strategy, we have set a target for aftersales logistics to reduce 1 3 of our CO2 emissions by 2026. In 2022, we conducted a test run for the South Route as a multi- modal transport corridor for the importing of aftersales parts from Europe to China. In 2022, more than 30 of our aftersales parts were sourced locally. In parts logistics, a collaboration with logistics service provider has made us China s leading automobile manufacturer to realise all- electric short-distance logistics. E-Trucks provide intra- and inter-plant short-distance parts transport across our Shenyang production facilities. This reduces annual CO2 emissions by 150 t. We plan to expand the use of E-Trucks in the long term, to reduce CO2 emissions in our inbound logistics. Meanwhile, two heavy E-Trucks and 14 light E-Trucks were used for our finished vehicles and aftersales logistics respectively in 2022. In 2022, we sourced new LNG trucks that can load eight finished vehicles by collaborating with carriers and commercial vehicle manufacturers. Sustainable warehouse management is a crucial component of green logistics, which includes the warehouse itself and the efficient management of energy and resources. The new Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Ningbo has earned LEED Silver certification, while the new Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Beijing has earned Gold. renewable electricity3 has been used to power all our Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Vehicle Distribution Centres, Decentralised Distribution Centres, as well as Relife Point. Our new Spare Parts Distribution Centre in Shenyang will soon be equipped with solar panels, further reducing our carbon footprint. T o extend the circular economy, we promote returnable packaging in the value chain by tightening requirements for suppliers. In 2022, returnable packaging became mandatory during tendering for warehouse service contracts at our Spare Parts Distribution Centres in Shanghai and Foshan. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 54 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 As carriers of automobile components, containers play an important role in the supply chain, and directly affect parts quality and operational efficiency. Our packaging planning team continuously seek process optimisation and lean concept throughout the container s lifecycle, contributing to energy-saving, CO emissions reduction. Meanwhile, the 4RE principle RE THINK, RE DUCE, RE USE, RE CYCLE drives us to implement green packaging. Consequently, in 2022, CO emissions were reduced by 2, 677 t. GREEN PACKAGING Our bin-sharing and rental scheme, in conjunction with the recycling and reusing of packaging materials, has yielded great results. We have achieved a 50 increase in the density optimisation of our universal bin packaging density, exceeding our initial target, contributing to a reduction in both packaging and CO2 emissions (182 t in 2022). For aftersales logistics, we will launch the paperless process to all dealers in our after-sales logistics which finally will include most of the internal processes in the Regional Distribution Centres, the transportation to the dealers as well as the inbound processes at the BMW dealerships. In terms of the low-carbon transition in aftersales logistics, the use of NEV trucks is planned to be extended up to 50 until 2026 for day-time deliveries for dealers in metro areas. For green packaging, we will continue to optimise business modules based on the 4RE principle and make a sustainability mindset the basis for development. On the other hand, we actively introduce BMW s sustainable concepts and projects, promote consensus on sustainability, and provide guidance for suppliers to take green actions. This includes innovating bin design, replacing steel with more eco-friendly options, and improving reusability etc. For non-steel bins, we focus on increasing the proportion of recycled non-steel material and promoting the flow of non-steel material recycling. We conducted feasibility studies on expanded polypropylene (EPP), Electro-Static Discharge (ESD) EPP, con-pearl and thermos, with further materials to be tested in future. Recycling hardware has been deployed in Shenyang and 172 sample bins each made of one t recyclable EPP have been delivered to part suppliers for batch tests. STEEL BIN AND NON-STEEL BIN PROGRAMME Bin Design Container designs for the BMW 5 Series followed BMW Brilliance s latest Bin Concept Construction Guideline. This can realise the standardisation and lighter bin concept, and improve the bin quality at the same time. And, in design, we apply finite element analysis to simulate the force analysis on containers. Using compact steel tubes for the BMW X5, we saved 3. 5 t of steel and reduced 9. 6 t of CO emissions. Reusability Enhancement More than 1, 000 pieces of BMW 3 Series container were reused, reducing CO by 310 t. Standards and processes for steel container reuse were published to facilitate this measure. Green Logistics 55 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 4 CHAPTER 4 DEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN Purchasing and Supplier NetworkDealer Management and Empowerment 4. 1 4. 2Dealers and suppliers are vital partners of BMW Group China, serving as an extension of our business and as fellow travellers on our sustainability journey. By implementing BMW s sustainable standards in economic, social and environmental spheres, they work alongside us to build a mutually empowering relationship that fosters sustainable practices and generates broader social value. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 50 BMW dealerships were awarded with NT Green Star in 2022. 99. 5 Of 607 BMW dealers conducted self-assessments. The BMW Group China invites dealers to be sustainability ambassadors, to motivate and empower them to create a green customer experience. Our goal is to foster a win- win partnership that generates long-term benefits. We are proud that our dealers share our vision and work with us to accelerate the development of a green and responsible dealer network. DEALER MANAGEMENT AND EMPOWERMENT SDG 7, 8, 9, 13 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202257 BMW dealerships were awarded with NT Green Star in 2022. 50The BMW Group China is working to build a low-carbon ecosystem throughout the customer journey and accelerate the green transition in the Chinese automobile dealer industry. Our landmark initiative BMW Network Transformation (NT) Green Star Project, was officially launched in 2022, to empower and engage dealers to provide green customer-centric services. Our goal is to have all dealerships qualify for Green Star status by 2025, and to pass our internal audit by 2026. This is the industry s first sustainable service system for dealers, having been awarded the 50 NT Green Star by the end of 2022. BMW NETWORK TRANSFORMATION GREEN STAR 33, 000 MWh Green power adopted by 50 BMW green star dealers. Green environment In 2022, we held five online training sessions and created a BMW Dealership Green Power Application Guidebook, to help dealers embrace green power through Green PPAs, distributed solar power and I-RECs. We have already achieved good results 50 BMW green star dealers adopted green power in 2022, for a total 33, 000 MWh. Green power We are committed to making dealers daily operations more sustainable from sales and aftersales to office work. For example, dealers can implement e-reception and digital working with technologies provided by BMW Group China, to reduce the use of paper and other materials. Green operation We encourage dealers to offer green engagement activities to their consumers and employees, attracting more people to participate in sustainable actions and expanding the impact of our sustainable services by engaging in themes such as green campaigns, CSR activities, green communication, sustainability training and green lifestyles. Green engagement Our goal is to have all dealerships implemented Green Star status by 2025, and acquire the certification by 2026. Every year, we carry out EHS audits for our dealers, to motivate them to conduct self-assessments, identify EHS risks and take appropriate action. In 2022, 99. 5 of the 607 dealers conducted such assessments. For the dealers who did not pass the assessment, we required them to conduct another assessment and provide more comprehensive information to identify their EHS challenges. This will, in time, improve the pass rate. One hundred dealers participated in 2022. DEALER EHS MANAGEMENT BMW i-Space Future NEVs will drive sustainability The BMW Group China s vision for harmony between human, vehicle and nature is embodied by the BMW i-Space, our showroom for the BMW i series. Under the eco-friendly design, all construction and furniture materials are made from recyclable materials. that consumers can not only experience the premium services of future BMW electric vehicles, but also feel the wonderful future brought by electric mobility. Therefore, BEV online training covered 100 of Sales Consultants by 2022. 2, 470 BEV Sales Consultants were certified by the end of 2022. For example, courses for Charging Expert ensured the charging service guidance of full vehicle life cycle, eliminating customer concerns. BEV Product Launch Training and BMW New Products Experience Training 2022 BEV Product Launch Training plays an essential role in nurturing BEV dealer talents. The BMW iX Product Launch Training, the New BMW 7 Series and the New BMW i7 Product Launch Training, and New Products Experience Training were held successfully for dealer partners in 2022. It helped dealers in building trust in the brand, product, and BEV business. In the Product Launch Training for dealer front-line staff, product understanding, sales skills and sales confidence were enhanced with exploration of the design concept and performance, competitor comparison and test drive sessions, laying a solid foundation for future sales and customer service. Besides, all the front-line sales staff were covered by in-house training and BMW Joylearning training system, realizing the full- scale talent empowerment. Sustainability theme were included in the BEV Product Launch Training to reinforce the concept and deepen dealers understanding of BMW i product excellence. For example, Green Hour was created as part of the first module of BMW iX product launch training. The pre-market training began with four Green Hour subjects, including The Life of the Battery My Carbon Footprint Final Countdown and New Trends in Luxury. The circular notion of BMW's whole value chain was clearly displayed to dealer partners, allowing them to incorporate sustainability into their customer interactions. The competency improvement and transformation of both front-line staff and management levels were enhanced in alignment with corporate business needs. As electric is one of BMW Group's strategic focuses, the BMW Group China is accelerating its electric transformation in China by extending its electric product line-up. The talent empowerment focus is placed on BEV for front-line and aftersale staff. Dealer Management and Empowerment INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202260 Tonality of the House Keeping pace with the tone of Premium Customer Experience of BMW Group, Tonality of the House has been integrated into management training content as the overall tone of the premium customer experience. Dealer Management Transformation and Development Comprehensive Support in Preparation of Future Sales Model (FSM) of MINITo support business change, the dealer management position development path and the knowledge refresh have been redesigned. On-boarding qualification applies to all newly hired dealer managers. Experienced managers must participate in mandatory training coaching as well as work on a practice programme or a national competition to reinforce their managerial competence. In 2022, the first batch of students successfully graduated after four condensed modules of study, including strategic thinking, marketing, finance, and operational management. The seminars were attended by 446 General Managers and Area Managers and focused on the criteria for enhancing operational efficiency and restructuring the BEV sales force to provide a competitive experience by examining the merits and drawbacks of various BEV sales models. A new business model for the MINI brand has been applied to provide a better customer experience and ensure MINI's long-term growth. We launched the enabling programme of MINI FSM training and coaching to assist MINI partners in understanding the MINI retail transformation, covering both basic and management The first-ever BMW National BEV Sales Competition began in May and lasted 184 days, with the goal of encouraging dealers, strengthening BMW BEV's sales offensive, and exploring premium i customer experience. The competition received significant regional support and proactive dealer participation, fully covered front-line sales staff in the network. Social Media Competition motivated participants to actively drive social media promotion and sales leads acquisition, and to proactively think and formulate marketing strategies and proposals with the needs from business, enhancing their competencies of social media marketing; General Managers In 2022, the selection of Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors focused on supporting customers during NEV adaptation, using new media to expand customer reach, and providing tailor-made services that exceed customer expectations to keep a strong focus on every detail and win trust. After rounds of selection, 30 national Ambassadors of Premium Customer Experience from front-line positions stood out and became role models of the dealer network, promoting customer-oriented cultural change. Unremitting efforts have been made in the following key programmes. MINI employees completed the E-learning programme by the end of the year. The FSM course study and certification will be completed completely in February of next year. The onsite instruction for MINI partners will begin in March of next year and will be available to all of 148 MINI agents. The first students graduated from BMW Business School in 2022. 2. Dealer Management and Empowerment INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202261 Towards 2023, our sustainable journey with dealers will continue and is expected to have more achievements. For environment, health and safety management, a new course will be provided for dealers. And EHS information will be communicated in accessible ways, including monthly newsletters, short films and online or offline workshops. Talent development and transformation for basic functions and management roles will be strengthened progressively. Meanwhile, on- site MINI FSM coaching will be fully implemented for MINI partners. The Answerer, as the customised agile platform of enabling, will take advantage of its fast response and collect dealer and customer feedback whenever they have any. The Premium Customer Experience programmes will take a step further, to align with the corporate strategy of customer-centric cultural change. BMW authorised dealers applied to adopt the Mixed-Reality POS. DEEPEN TRAINING DIGITALISATION TRANSFORMATION Digitalisation has become a long-term driver of dealer training. The course learning schedule was customised for users, and the evaluation of users online homework will involve users manager, which is of vital importance for training quality improvement. The Answerer on the BMW Joylearning App quickly absorbs current market trends and gives proven strategies and solutions for both sales and aftersales issues. The Answerer Sales Competition in 2022 promoted the platform throughout the dealership and encouraged dealer users to contribute high-quality content. By the end of the year, The Answerer received 1, 472 questions, 3, 321 answers, and 4, 062 shared posts, with 7, 018 active users. In 2022, we developed 12 VR courses covering topics such as NEV Accident Car VR Tool for NEV technician training, Engine Maintenance and Repair, Parts Sales, and NEV Production Safety Management. Furthermore, an AI interactive practice system has been included into the BMW Joy Learning App, allowing dealer staff to practise at any time and from any location. Mixed-Reality has become a cutting-edge training method in product demonstration, and the mass retail implementation of Mixed- Reality technology helped dealers in sales by improving customer experience when it comes to product display. Over the past 12 months, nearly 400 BMW authorised dealers throughout the country applied to adopt the Mixed-Reality POS. As of 2022, 17 vocational schools have been designated as BEST Training Bases, with about 10, 000 students trained. Many programme graduates have progressed to significant front-line positions in the current dealer network. The BEST online programme was developed this year to further expand junior talent pipeline for dealer positions including sales and aftersales through digital learning solution. vocational schools joined, with over 400 students registered in the learning programme. The programme enables the students to learn about seven key jobs of BMW dealers in an agile way and develop better understanding towards future workplace and career development. Dealer Management and Empowerment 62 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 4. 2 The BMW Group China has comprehensive supplier sustainability management system that covers environmental and social aspects. PURCHASING AND SUPPLIER NETWORK 100 Of our aluminium ingot suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity1. All Tier-1 and n-Tier suppliers Was included in supply chain risk tracking. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. SDG 7, 8, 10, 13 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202263 The BMW Group China actively implements the sustainable supply chain strategy of the BMW Group, while agilely responding to China s national green development strategy. We have long integrated environmental criteria into our supplier selection and management process, which includes a procurement strategy that weights the utilisation of renewable electricity and secondary materials as key selection criteria. In 2022, more than 10 of our suppliers earned ISO 50001 certification, and more are underway. For the year 2022, our sustainable supply chain management and practices were recognised as five-star green supply chain management enterprises in the automobile industry by third-party audit, while earning awards at both local and national levels in China. of our aluminium ingot suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity1, which is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 0. 72 million t until the end of 2023. With supplier empowerment serving as the linchpin, we are proactively supporting our suppliers in a variety of ways to foster their green transformation. Through trainings, we shared our experience and practices in achieving 100 renewable electricity1. These training sessions are designed to equip our suppliers with an understanding of renewable electricity transactions and purchases across different provinces. We also launched an internal expert hotline to promptly respond to supplier's queries on renewable electricity transactions. OUR ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY IN SUPPL Y CHAINMinimising our environmental footprint throughout the product life cycle and across the supply chain is central to our green transformation. This entails a persistent and long-term approach that focuses on three pillars SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY Won Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise issued by the MIIT. Supply Chain Project China Purchasing and Supplier Network Of our aluminium ingot suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity1. 100 Of Liaoning-based suppliers participated in Green PPAs under our coordination. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202264 Our Secondary First approach reduces dependence on primary resources while ensuring product quality. It is our priority to increase the use of secondary materials in our products through innovation and close collaboration with suppliers. Our success in 2022 paves the way for the enablement of circularity in the supply chain. By reintroducing scrap steel, scrap aluminium and core raw materials from HVBs into the manufacturing process, we promote the use of secondary material by our suppliers. In 2022, after two years of intensive qualification, we successfully developed a recycled Platinum Group metal (PGM) supplier. This recycling partnership enabled us to reduce CO2 by 160, 000 t. For more information on our use of sustainable materials, please refer to Using sustainable materials and Pioneering in sustainable batteries. In 2022, we signed a MoU with the HBIS Group, aimed at establishing a green and low-carbon steel supply chain. As the first customer of HBIS s green and low-carbon automotive steel, we are progressively moving towards a 95 reduction in CO2 emissions. This is supported by the hydrogen-based DRI-EAF (Direct Reduced Iron in Electric Arc Furnace) process. Through the transition towards green steel, our goal is to reduce up to 230, 000 t of CO2 emissions per year from 2026. Recognising the opportunities in steelmaking, our manufacturing facilities in Shenyang will transition to using green automobile steel. Our pioneering approach is having an impact and inspiring industry-wide green transformation. We ENABLING CIRCULARITY IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN PROMOTING SUPPLIER TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMATIONSUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEAL TH AND SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENTSocially responsible supply chain management can help protect, create and grow long-term value along our value chain and for our stakeholders. For this reason, we aim to develop a supply chain that is socially conscious and responsible, and we have taken series of steps in 2022. We have broadened the scope of our social responsibility programmes, addressed EHS management, and better integrated responsible sourcing. These efforts have contributed to improved quality and maturity in our purchasing and supplier networks. SUPPLIER EHS & SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYaudited 43 suppliers in 2022, including 33 nominated suppliers and 10 n-Tier suppliers. By the end of 2022, we have successfully raised the average audit score from 83 to 94. We also completed 90 Challenge Rounds for n-Tier suppliers to improve their year-on-year EHS management. As an extension of the EPA programme, several other initiatives are implemented as we strive to improve our commitment to sustainability. Beyond EHS and CSR, a new training module addressing broader areas of sustainability was introduced. tThrough the transition towards green steel, our goal is to reduce up to 230, 000 t of CO2 emissions per year from 2026. All Tier-1 and n-Tier suppliers Was included in supply chain risk tracking. Purchasing and Supplier Network INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202265 Responsible and lawful conduct is essential to our supplier management and serves as the foundation for our long-term success. In 2021, we published the Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct (SSCOC) a guideline for our Chinese suppliers that focuses on four important areas people-oriented, ethical business, responsible sourcing and management systems. Overall, our social responsibility activities promote responsible supply chain management and the long-term viability of manufacturing system. For BMW Group China, conscient sourcing fosters positive business practices throughout our supply chain. We are committed to delivering sustainable outcomes through our procurement, with responsible sourcing in four major areas responsible material sourcing, forest protection, animal welfare and restricted substances in materials. This supports the elimination of illicit mining and fosters compliance throughout our value chain. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVES FOR SUPPLIERS RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGFORECAST At BMW Group China, we emphasise the importance of knowledge about sustainability in the supply chain. We implemented five training rounds to educate our suppliers on EHS and CSR as major deliverables for 2022. The focus was creating awareness about the main challenges and the checklists that we use. SUPPLIER TRAINING In 2023, the BMW Group China will further develop climate-friendly and supply chain EHS management. In terms of raw material recycling, we will enhance the closed-loop management of parts and materials by promoting the use of recycled aluminium, plastics, electric cores and other raw materials. In terms of energy use, we will consolidate energy and carbon emission management standards into our supply chain. Furthermore, the already implemented CO2 management processes will be supplemented to a holistic approach, which enables us to achieve the CO2 emission reduction target in a long-term standardized and verifiable solution. To fulfil both international and local regulatory requirements, we will continuously enlarge our EHS and CSR audit program, thus being ambitious to accelerate our suppliers to build resilience in operations. We are committed to prioritising responsible supply chains as a crucial element of our business practices, recognising that they not only enable growth but also pave the way for the future of the sustainable value chain. Purchasing and Supplier Network INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 66 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 5 CHAPTER 5 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Future-proof Job Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Benefits and Well-being Corporate Citizenship5. 1 5. 2 5. 3 5. 4At BMW Group China, we respect our employees. As a responsible employer, we consider the growth and well-being of our people to be the foundation of our business development. At the same time, we are responsible corporate citizens, addressing urgent challenges facing the environment and society. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 67 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 FUTURE-PROOF JOB5. 1 The BMW Group China believes that high-quality employment depends on long-term cultivation and support of talent. Through future-oriented and comprehensive training, we empower each of our people to grow and contribute to the development of China s automotive industry. Associates received BestYOU award for their outstanding demonstration of corporate Core Values. SDG 4 and 8 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 68 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Our core values of Responsibility, Appreciation, Transparency, Trust, and Openness are woven into our daily human resources management and the employee experience. We have organised department-specific activities in our core value space for more than three years. More than 160 teams have experienced team- oriented games and interactive activities in this open venue. In 2022, we launched the Core Value Space Ambassador initiative. The ambassadors initiated their own workshops in the core value space, focusing on discussion about business and core value-themed activities. Our BestYOU programme is a recognition to foster the culture of appreciation, and recognise the behaviours that demonstrate our corporate Core Values. Meanwhile, an impressive 6, 335 associates have received Best In My Team awards from the management team, as individual or member of a winner team. Best of the Year awards have been rewarded at the company level for their great contribution to our business. We are committed to establishing a distinctive employer brand to showcase our appealing culture and working environment, and our excellent people. Over the years, the BMW Group China has attracted individuals with an unrelenting drive of shaping transformation through their enthusiasm to make impact from their work. We have embraced fresh approaches that capture the attention and interest of prospective talents. Our aim is to provide an environment that fosters passion and innovation, and to work collaboratively with our talented employees to make a positive impact on society. Our goal is to create sustainable platform that attracts the best talent and provides fulfilling and potential-unleashed careers. We have also introduced a new method of presenting video-based job descriptions to potential candidates. Our video job descriptions set difference from a traditional job description. It invites current employees to share their own experience at BMW, including job responsibilities, perceived culture and the working environment. This innovative approach has resulted in over 220, 000 exposures on social media. An all-in-one, immersive experience in a customised BMW metaverse, the digital carnival combines the latest virtual avatar technology, real-time interaction, 3D gamification and conventional campus events. More than 1, 000 students experienced this compelling digital carnival. Associates have received Best in My Eyes as the appreciation from peer colleagues. Associates have received Best In My Team awards from the management team, as individual or member of a winner team. Best of the Year awards have been rewarded at the company level for their great contribution to our business. In 2022, we hosted online campus talks, in which we engaged with bright young minds on BMW s distinctive culture, dynamic working environment and diverse young talent programmes. Our executives also actively participated in public lectures, to facilitate young talent to realise their potential and pursue meaningful careers. Through these collaborative efforts, we aim to inspire and motivate the next generation of leaders, while contributing to the long-term success of our organisation and society. Outstanding technology lays a solid foundation for BMW s success; therefore, we attach great importance to attracting and engaging technical talents, especially young talents. It is a great inspiration for these young technical talents by participating in this programme. This is just the beginning of our ongoing efforts to attract and retain the brightest and best digital talent. ATTRACTING YOUNG TALENTS ENGAGING PROFESSIONAL DIGITAL TALENT ENGAGING TECHNICAL TRAINEE The 2022 Hackathon event BMW Shenyang plants was a cutting-edge online programming competition, focusing on industrial digital innovation and featuring real-life scenarios from Shenyang s intelligent manufactory system. Over the past two years, the BMW Group China has attracted nearly 1, 000 young enthusiasts from the top universities, bringing fresh inspiration for our industrial digital future. HACKATHON EVENT Future-proof Job INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 70 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 We actively collaborate with the Shenyang government to promote attraction and employment of local talent. This demonstrates BMW Group China s support of and contribution to the local community. Through new mechanisms and measures, including the Talents-Who-Boost-SY plan, we have established pipeline of local talent with more synchronised policy resources. In 2022, we secured talent-favourable subsidies and resources for more than 600 people, newly acquired or internally developed as high-end, critical, fresh graduates, and essential production talents. We are dedicated to developing a workforce that is equipped with the skills and knowledge to thrive in this dynamic environment. Our online courses have been refined and divided into mandatory and nonmandatory categories. Mandatory courses include compliance, new employee and EHS training, to ensure ethical business conduct. Nonmandatory courses include diverse subjects, thoughtfully packed into different learning paths, such as the Mini MBA, Personal Competency and Leadership Package. This variety provides our people with greater flexibility and mobility in their learning. Our commitment to innovation has led us to develop ground-breaking models, technologies and resources that transform the way our associates learn Our innovative training has revolutionised development and engagement. With digital technology and gamification, our employees learn and develop new skills in a fun and interactive way. Our innovative technology has been integrated in our training programmes. The VR Battery T raining programme offers a simulated working environment. This allows our associates to practise technical skills and gain practical experience in a safe and controlled setting. Our innovative expert-competence training includes Udacity digital courses in data analytics and science. These courses have helped to create a pool of highly skilled digital talent in our organisation; as of the end of 2022, more than 100 associates have already completed the programme. Our offline flipped classes encourage participants to share their understanding of the course and interact with each other. UNLOCKING INNOVATIVE TRAINING INNOVATIVE MODEL INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATIVE RESOURCE INNOVATIVE ENGAGEMENTEMPLOYER AWARD LinkedIn LinkedIn MostIn Award Zhaopin China Best Employers with Extraordinary Achievement T op 2 China Best Employers for Female Employees T op 1 2022 Best Employer Award for Campus Recruitment T op employer Institute T op Employer 2023 51job Employer Excellence China T op 100 Excellence in Employer Branding Graduate Employer China 2022 Zhipin King s Ark Best Employer for T alent Acquisition Liepin Extraordinary Employer Award T op 50 Maimai Annual Outstanding Employer Lagou Lagou T op Employer Lockin Power Global Recruiting Employer Nowcoder Nfuture Awards 2022 Shixiseng The Most Attractive Employer Ciwei Ciwei Best EmployerEMPOWERING EMPLOYEES Local new employees in Shenyang. Future-proof Job INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 71 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The BMW Group China is dedicated to providing customised and comprehensive training to employees at all levels and positions. Our leadership training is thoughtfully crafted to equip our management team with the required knowledge and skills, while ensuring they understand sustainability as a cornerstone of our corporate strategy. To further power on organisational development, we have recently launched Leadership Excellence initiative enhances performance across our organisation. Systematic qualification programme was tailor made for business and digital associates to equip them for the changing environment. BMW Agile alliance was launched in 2022 for digital talents to encourage best practice sharing, and over 200 associates join the learning community. In 2022, training helped bolster personal growth through learning by teaching and sharing best practice across business functions. A total of 53 technical and 29 non-technical part-time internal trainers have qualified to deliver 14 production technology topics in corporate training since 2020. These trainers successfully completed more than 1, 900 person-days of training in 2022, and received a satisfaction rating of 99. 4. Through these partnerships, we offer internship opportunities for PhD students, particularly in joint initiatives centred on BMW s cutting-edge research. Since 2014, 49 PhD trainees have participated. They conducted research into topics including wastewater treatment, automated driving and energy efficiency. Currently, 22 PhD trainees are actively engaged, furthering our mission to drive innovation and sustainability in the automotive industry. Meanwhile, 28 master graduates have joined in BMW Brilliance as senior specialist after 3-6 months meaningful internship. NURTURING YOUNG TALENTS The BMW Group China will continue to uphold its core values, and upgrade and innovate to attract outstanding talent. At our non-manufacturing sites, we will focus on promoting specialised digital technology training for new joiners and current employees, while fostering a culture of digital transformation and synergy across business teams. For potential talents, we will work to provide more opportunities and resources, including Beyond programme for GenZ and Acceleration programme for overseas returnees and future leaders. Besides, future proofed training programme will be launched for all associates to help them better cope with future work. DUAL EDUCATION SYSTEM Adopted from Germany and modified to suit the Chinese con - text, our dual education system has yielded outstanding results, with an increased number of quality trainees. In 2022, we welcomed 65 trainees, of whom 25 earned first place in the BMW Group standardised exam. Future-proof Job INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 72 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION5. 2 At BMW Group China, we are driven by diversity that we recognise and value each individual, regardless of their cultural background, age and experience, gender, physical and mental abilities, sexual orientation and identity. SDG 5 and 10 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 73 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Our Lunch Roulette initiative provides a distinctive platform and unparalleled opportunity for associates to actively engage with others and experience diversity first-hand. By randomly pairing with a participant from another department, employees can share different experiences and thoughts about diversity in a relaxing atmosphere. CREATING AN INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT OFFLINE ENGAGEMENTOUR COMMITMENTS PROMOTING DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSIONWe are driven by diversity. Diversity as we understand it, is the engine to our collective success. In line with the BMW Group, typical dimensions of diversity include cultural background, age experience, gender, physical and mental abilities, and sexual orientation and identity. This strengthens the sexual harassment prevention and labour protection compliance system. Our Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Female Associates Rights and Interests includes provisions on labour protection, maternity leave, childcare leave and the establishment of lactation rooms. years old 1. 1 30 years old 28. 9 30-50 years old 70. 0 BMW Group China employee according to age group in 2022 (in )We have always been concerned with diverse groups. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 74 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Diversity makes life and work more colourful. The benefits of diversity and gender parity in leadership and decision-making should not be underestimated. The best gender equality intervention is to focus on equality of talent and potential. Our canteen is a good example, you can enjoy both Chinese dumpling and western food here. This is my department located in Beijing. Members from different countries include China, Germany, France, and Austria. It is a big team and powered by diversity culture and spirit. We have arranged a series of insightful online speaker sessions that provided valuable industry knowledge and fresh perspectives. Topics included creating a diverse, equal and inclusive working environment, cross-generational communication and what we can learn from global successful female leaders. Through our internal communication platforms, we also encouraged the sharing of diversity stories between employees. Meanwhile, 1, 528 of our people participated in a diversity quiz. This has earned the BMW Brilliance the honour of being recognised as a National Model We recognise the importance of fostering an inclusive environment and reducing unconscious bias. Our aim is to promote DEI through ongoing engagement and education, and we look forward to continuing our efforts in this regard. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 75 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 BENEFITS AND WELL-BEING5. 3 As a large company with more than 27, 000 staff, we prioritise the health, safety and happiness of every employee. Among the latter, sustainability is always an important theme, as we want our people to experience the joy of contributing to society while improving their own well-being. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked). Employees enjoyed Flexible Benefits Programme. Employees who enjoyed child care or parent care leave. Associates successfully applied for public rental housing project in Shenyang. SDG 3 and 8 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 76 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The BMW Group China complies with all applicable Chinese laws and regulations, as well as BMW Group s health and safety policy. Beyond compliance, our occupational health and safety (OHS) management system satisfies international standards and initiatives, such as the United Nations Global Compact, the ISO 45001 2018 standard and the International Labour Organisation's Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. ROBUST OHS MANAGEMENTEMPLOYEE HEAL TH AND SAFETY At BMW Group China, we believe that providing a safe environment for employees is a fundamental responsibility. This mechanism involves classifying and categorising identified risks, managing risks of different categories through classification, and controlling risks in plants, from organisational, institutional, technical and emergency perspectives. The Today for Tomorrow NEXT project piloted at the assembly shop of Plant Tiexi and launched in 2021 continued to make significant progress in 2022. This initiative is concerned with ergonomic conditions, behavioural patterns and job rotations, and seeks to prevent employees from developing musculoskeletal illnesses. Our health department created workplace-tailored exercises based on the results of our evaluation of the Safety and Ergonomics Risk Assessment (SERA), plus on-site ergonomic behaviour observations of 454 work spaces in Plant Tiexi and 351 work spaces in logistics in Plant Dadong. Staff are taught exercises OHS HAZARDS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 1. Benefits and Well-beingIn 2022, our manufacturing sites including the new Plant Lydia retained ISO 45001 2018 accreditation, meeting all OHS standards. We also retained Work Safety Standardisation Level 2 Certification from Liaoning Province s Emergency Management Department. Our 2022 accident frequency was just 0. 08 per million hours worked. The BMW Group China's senior management assumes full responsibility and accountability for preventing work-related accidents and maintaining safe and healthy workplaces for all employees at manufacturing sites. The management team has established OHS policies and objectives that correspond with our strategic goals and ensure both effective functioning and continual improvement. Our E-Safety platform uses digitalisation to improve and optimise management. Modules provide guidance on safety inspections, special equipment management and the OHS liability letter e-signature function. In addition to full-fledged OHS management system, we are improving employees safety skills and knowledge with online OHS training. We offered safety training to employees on specific matters such as LOTO (Lockout-Tagout), chemicals, work in confined spaces, PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) and Hot Work in addition to mandated training sessions. Optimised working postures were taught to operators to mitigate possible health hazards. This training was attended by 4, 161 employees, who learned about ergonomic behaviour and exercises that safeguard their well-being. We addressed working conditions at 18 workplaces and implemented job rotations in 26 locations. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 77 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Based on the results of the annual health check in 2021, we optimised and enhanced our Health Management 2025 programme, which serves as a template for guiding healthier employee behaviours. These includes programmes such as Mental Care, Stop Smoking, Burn What You Eat, Hearing Protection, Healthy Sleep as well as Flu Vaccination. For our 2022 Mental Care programme, 595 associates participated in consultations, 509 participated in training, 240 completed self-evaluation surveys, and 127 participants listened to recordings that guided meditation, relaxation, career-planning and brain-charge activities to relieve stress. During the pandemic, we organised online training for our Chinese and foreign associates to support their mental health. A total of 3, 755 associates took part in online and offline lectures, with an average satisfaction score of 4. 85 out of 5. At our Shenyang plants, we opened seven mental care spaces and trained internal volunteers to lead associates in sand play games, to relax and develop self- awareness. staff used the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) evaluation as part of a Healthy Sleep programme during our 2022 annual health check, to detect issues with sleep patterns. For Stop Smoking initiative, in 2022 we have majority of the employees who have a habit of smoking if they are willing to quit smoking during the annual health check, and received 2, 812 intentions to quit. people undertook our Burn What You Eat programme. HEAL TH INITIATIVESMENTAL CARE HEARING PROTECTION HEAL THY SLEEP HEAL TH CHECKSTOP SMOKING BURN WHAT YOU EAT 2, 120 employees in Shenyang and Beijing were immunised. BMW mascot encourages employee to adopt workout routine. By prioritising their health, contentment and professional advancement, we cultivate a more sustainable business model and maintain our drive for innovation and success. Our compensation and benefits policy is designed to attract and retain the best talent, and inspire our people to achieve their full potential. A competitive salary and benefits package is reviewed regularly, and additional leave options such as the newly added child care leave and parent care leave to encourage a work-life balance. We also offered our employees a range of supplementary insurance options, enabling them to select and personalise health and medical insurance plans for themselves and their families. During the pandemic, we prioritised the health and safety of our people by offering flexible working arrangements. COMPETITIVE BENEFITSOur Associate Charity Fund in Shenyang provides targeted and effective support. Gifts and benefits were distributed for 700 new-born babies and 500 newly marrieds. We visited 46 associates in hospital, cared for two whose property suffered a fire, rewarded one for righteousness and bravery, and celebrated eight colleagues retirements. This innovative facility includes an IT Genius Bar, Reimbursement Service Centre, Mental Care Space, Platform Production, Communication Area, Recreational Area, and Mini Cinema. Since its opening, nearly 10, 000 visitors have enjoyed the convenience and benefits of this innovative space. Our Digital Union platform achieved significant WELL-ROUNDED WELFARE 27, 000 Employees 25, 000 Family members (include spouse, children and parents)To help our employees grow and develop professionally, we provide career development opportunities through job rotation and an online training platform. The platform also expanded to include an events calendar and public rental housing applications. These efforts resulted in an impressive 404, 792 clicks on Digital Union over the course of the year. We are committed to addressing the housing needs of our employees. Our public rental housing project in Shenyang has been highly praised by our associates since its launch. associates successfully applied for this programme in 2022, bringing the total beneficiaries to 3, 623. COMMERCIAL INSURANCE COVERAGE (BMW Group China) Benefits and Well-being INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 79 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Communication channels facilitate an attentive and receptive approach to our employees invaluable opinions and suggestions. Through our WeChat official accounts, internal webpage, JoyChat, Digital Union app and bimonthly U-journal newsletter, we share best practices, festival greetings, union activity notices, and rights protection and care information with our associates and their families. By utilising digital tools, we stay connected with our associates, listen to their voices, and understand their needs. The impact and happiness have also been extended to our associates family members as they are also invited to these exciting activities. In 2022, we conducted an employee experience pilot survey to measure the satisfaction rate throughout the employees' journey (from job application to include but not limited to departure). The survey yielded positive results of 78, from the participants feedbacks received from the pilot department. Through these surveys, we collect feedback to understand unmet expectations, to identify opportunities for greater engagement, and to improve our overall human resources management. CREATING DIVERSE COMMUNICATION CHANNELS ENHANCING THE CONNECTION THROUGH PRODUCT & BRAND EXPERIENCECONDUCTING EMPLOYEE SURVEYEMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT At BMW Group China, we prioritise trust, transparency and openness in our human resource policymaking and decision-making process. Benefits and Well-being INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 80 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 The BMW Group China is dedicated to embedding social responsibility into the daily lives of all employees. Social Week is a BMW Group-wide initiative that encourages employees to engage in social responsibility activities. In 2022, the BMW Group China deepened and localised the initiative, launching Social Drive activities. One of these activities was to encourage associates to pay attention to the needs of the elderly. Our people contributed 283 solutions to 48 problems that elderly people face in their daily lives, and created an easy-to-understand guidebook with 19 illustrated tips. These sessions featuring external experts who provided professional knowledge on self-initiated social responsibility, and shared information on challenges that China faces earned 211 In 2023, we will continue to carry out employee activities related to sustainable development, focusing on social and circular, and continuously cultivating associates' awareness of sustainability mindset and lifestyles. We encouraged our associates to spread the sustainability mindset to their families, especially to children. On Children s Day, our associates and their kids created 1, 550 environment-themed cartoons and 1, 216 handcrafted works using recycled materials. This entertaining approach helped us promote recycling and reusing to our people and their families. Additionally, 70 associates share their own Social Responsibility experience and stories to encourage and inspire other associates to start their Social Responsibility journey. At our Shenyang manufacturing base, we launched the ONE RECEIPT Social Drive On-Site Campaign to raise awareness of ASR and to promote the Social Drive by encouraging associates to reduce carbon footprint, usage of plastic bags and disposable goods. This activity prompted 1, 723 participants to bring receipts or e-tickets as evidence of their low-carbon lifestyle. All the materials used for the campaign were made from recycled cardboard, demonstrating sustainability in action. Benefits and Well-being INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 81 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP5. 4 In 2022, faced with the impact of the pandemic, we believe CSR plays an ever more crucial role in bringing together stakeholders, building stronger bonds, and working collectively and innovatively to support the revitalisation and long-term growth of our society. We became more resilient and flexible, enhancing our contribution to addressing social issues and the creation of value through innovative approaches. Through the online communications on education of popular science and Chinese traditional culture, the annual number of beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities have reached a new height of 31, 885, 474, an increase of 178 compared to 2021. Our commitment remains unswerving to go beyond mere profit generation; we strive to create shared values for all. Accumulative beneficiaries of BMW CSR activites. SDG 4, 10, 11, 14, 15 and 17 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 82 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 OUR CSR APPROACH AND FLAGSHIP PROGRAMMES At BMW Group China, we are guided by the principle of At Home in China to develop and curate our CSR programmes and activities. This means aligning our actions with emerging social agendas and national priorities. In 2022, the Chinese government emphasised the need for high-quality development and identified technology, talents, and innovation as the lynchpins to achieve long-term and sustainable growth of China. This has signalled a new norm of development which underscored the importance of CSR as a catalyst for delivering quality development and enabling businesses to address societal challenges. In response to the rapidly transforming social trends, we subscribe to the concept of social innovation and collaboration to create meaningful and long-lasting impacts to high-quality development. An excellent example of this is the Government-industry-academy-research collaboration model, which we have implemented across our CSR strategic pillars Culture Protection, Environmental and Ecological Conservation, and Social Development. As an essential measurement of species and ecosystem diversity, a healthy biodiversity helps to ensure a comfortable habitat for all animals on earth. In China, the government has elevated biodiversity conservation to a national strategy and established a biodiversity conservation mechanism led by the government and participated by enterprises and citizens. Hence, the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative (BBHI) takes public education on biodiversity as the core objective and means. Since the programme s launch in 2021, BBHI has been committed to contributing to China s biodiversity conservation and ecological civilisation, which is now a strong response to the call of the 20th CPC National Congress for maintaining harmony between humanity and nature in the path towards modernisation and pushing forward Beautiful China Initiative. In order to promote local and indigenous knowledge of biodiversity, we have embraced a range of innovative approaches to promote biodiversity education, with the aim of boosting public awareness and laying the groundwork for transformative shifts in behaviour. On August 5th, BBHI Green Summer Camp live streaming was successfully carried out at Liaoning Liaohekou National Nature Reserve, creating a real buzz online. The live streaming was conducted on China Newsweek Weibo and BMW Group WeChat Channels synchronously, and total views on China Newsweek Weibo reached 3. 4 mio. Souvenirs of Native Species First-ever biodiversity-themed courses were developed and launched through the partnership with the China Green Foundation, delivering a wide coverage of theme promotions. Natural Education Courses Corporate Citizenship INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 83 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 In 2022, BMW reaffirms its responsibility towards promoting traffic safety by continuing the BMW Children s T raffic Safety Education (CTSE) programme, which aims to raise public awareness and enhance traffic safety capacity in a creative way. Since 2020, CTSE programme has integrated the Chinese traditional culture of propriety into the traffic scenarios, aiming to spread the idea of Travel with Propriety through innovative approaches. Under the guidance of the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, we explored the connections between traditional cultures and the modern contexts by experimenting with accessible media and communication channels to realise the true meaning of Travel with Propriety. Recognising the scarcity of traffic safety education and social resources, the CTSE programme left its trails in western China. We co-developed the Travel with Propriety traffic safety propriety package with the China Education Development Foundation and the China Children s Press & Publication Group to provide sufficient educational resources. In addition, we hosted CTSE in the West Public Welfare Workshop, attracting 74 representatives from the media, government departments, social partners and BMW warm heart customer. Moreover, the 2022 CTSE training workshop in Qinghai Province engaged 95 participants from different groups, including volunteers, media, government departments, social partners, etc. Volunteers are trained with themed knowledge. Children Traffic Safety Education instructor introduced the Travel with Propriety traffic safety propriety package to volunteers. In 2022, online live streaming received more than 1 million views, and a total of 392 CSR activities related to the CTSE were conducted by dealerships nationwide. The CTSE programme also cooperates with dealers, car owners, and partners to promote the safety project and maximise the influence of traffic safety education. With the support of 100 exemplary volunteer teams from the volunteering service project of the Youth Volunteer Action Tutorial Center of the Communist Youth League of China Central Committee, over 10, 000 children from the local community were benefited from the traffic safety experience courses during the summer vacation. Children Traffic Safety Education activities were conducted by dealers nationwide in 2022. 10, 000 Children were benefited from the traffic safety experience courses. Corporate Citizenship INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 84 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), the Social Development Goals (SDGs) are grouped around the economic, social, and environmental objectives as the three pillars of sustainable development, with culture and creativity contributing to each of these pillars transversally. In line with this concept, the BMW Group China is committed to cultural conservation by promoting the harmonious development and integration of culture, art and science. In 2016, BMW co-founded the Tsinghua BMW Innovation Centre for Intangible Cultural Heritage Safeguarding with Tsinghua University s Academy of Arts and Design. Through innovative thinking, BMW enables cultural heritage inheritors to design and develop cultural creations. Over the past six years, seven social innovation deliverables exhibitions and more than 20 seminars have been organised together with Tsinghua University s Academy of Arts and Design, benefiting nearly 500 intangible cultural heritage inheritors from all over BMW CHINA CUL TURE JOURNEY 1. Intangible Cultural Heritage nurtured under the Tsinghua BMW Innovation Centre for Intangible Cultural Heritage Safeguarding - Heqing silveries. At the innovation centre, inheritors from Sichuan, Hunan, Qinghai Yushu, Hainan, Liaoning, Hubei, and Yunnan, receive tailored training and one-on-one innovation empowerment. In 2022, BMW China Culture Journey officially launched Beautiful China Collection of Creative Cases of Intangible Cultural Heritage, which showcases the social innovation deliverables produced by the faculty and students from the Innovation Centre and intangible cultural heritage inheritors. The collection features 29 intangible cultural heritage inheritors and their thinking processes, exploration, and innovative practices, shortening the distance between the tradition and the innovation. In February 2023, the BMW China Culture Journey Intangible Cultural Heritage Protection Innovation Deliverables Exhibition was launched, which demonstrated BMW s continuous efforts in protecting intangible cultural heritage and celebrated the 20th anniversary of UNESCO s Convention for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage with practical actions. The exhibition also reflected BMW s sustainability philosophy of circular, with a total of 75 exhibition materials made out of recyclable materials, and 30 sourced from recyclable paper materials. At the exhibition, many remarkable intangible cultural artworks were displayed, such as the Bai Tie-dyeing technique that draws the materials from nature, as well as the first ever Scented Intangible Cultural Heritage created by olfactory design installations, providing an immersive experience for visitors to fully appreciate the beauty of the harmonious coexistence among mankind, culture and nature. Corporate Citizenship The BMW Group China also organised culture- related activities, culture salon live streams, and other online media channels which covered over 17 million audiences to expand its influence on preserving tangible heritage. Besides, we initiated the Weibo hashtag topic Protect intangible cultural heritage through Culture Journey, reaching over 140, 000, 000 page views and 27, 000 engagements. INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 85 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 BMW JOY Home has been constantly addressing the social needs of rural revitalisation and rural education with stakeholders and caring members through an innovative enabling approach. Since initiation in 2011, a total of 114 BMW JOY Home schools have been established in 29 provinces, benefiting over 150, 000 left- behind and migrant children and involving over 10, 000 BMW stakeholders in volunteer activities. In 2022, we arranged 84 physical education teachers from 19 rural schools in Guangxi, Guizhou, and Yunnan with online training to enhance their physical education curriculum. As one of the highlights for the movement, the Amazing Kids BMW JOY Home Summer Camp for 2022 was held at the Siyuan Experimental School in Xide County, Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan Province. The Self-strengthening Movement Upon a great victory scored in China s fight against poverty, rural revitalisation has become an important topic in China s new development stage. In 2021, BMW JOY Home pooled its strength and jointly launched the future-oriented Self-Strengthening Movement in partnership with the China Education Development Foundation in response to the call of Improving School Physical Education raised by the Ministry of Education. cnBBHI Social Responsibility of the Year QCTT Lanling AwardsCJCSR Gold Award 2022 Golden Flag AwardCTSEChina Automotive CSR Golden Key Award Auto-FirstCTSE2022 Responsible Corporate China Newsweek BMW China Automotive Trading Ltd. BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. BMW Beautiful Homeland InitiativeBBHI BMW Children Traffic Safety EducationCTSE BMW China Cultural Journey CJ Corporate Citizenship INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 86 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Our BMW Corporate Volunteer Association represents our corporate values by encouraging associates to actively participate in volunteer activities. We are proud of our BMW associate volunteers, who have always worked together to contribute to the sustainable development of the community. In 2022, the volunteer programmes were expanded with more flexibility to provide deeper engagement opportunities for associates, ranging from environmental protection efforts to improving children's awareness of traffic safety and supporting migrant and left-behind children with a focus on their physical and mental well-being. In the event of crisis, the BMW Group China responds to the urgent matters and gives back to the society in meaningful ways. VOLUNTEERING ACTIVITIES SOCIAL DONATIONSEMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING As part of our At Home in China philosophy, the BMW Group China prioritises to serving our customers and communities and adding value to the automotive industry in China. In 2022, the uncertainty of external environment did not dampen the enthusiasm of BMW associates to take social responsibility. Sustainability has become a major topic and each function and every associate of BMW has contributed their effort to participate the volunteer activities, with a total of 916 participants in seven CSR activities and contributed 1, 960 hours to the local community this year. Volunteering with Chinese Traditional Culture Museum In 2022, as an integral part of corporate social responsibility, BMW corporate volunteer activities were featured by deeper engagement and more flexible forms to encourage more associates to participate online and offline. Deeper and more flexible engagement forms Attracted hundreds of associates and children to participate. Encouraged volunteers to cultivate trees and build ecological trails, bringing associates closer to nature and enhancing their cohesion and recognition of corporate social responsibility values. The first-ever online course on children's traffic safety, which virtually brought together BMW Children's Traffic Safety Ambassador and children from remote areas to educate them on traffic safety. Online Engagement Voice for Kids programme, which successfully invited associates and their families to use voice recording to send encouraging messages to left-behind children. Voice for Kids Corporate Citizenship INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 87 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT Establishing deep connections with stakeholders, and focusing on local community development, have always been integral to our development. Adhering to the At Home in China philosophy, the BMW Group China has launched cultural projects to achieve mutual benefits and common development in Shenyang the birthplace of BMW in China. This initiative has inspired our people to develop a deeper understanding and appreciation for the city, while promoting cross- cultural exchange and prosperity. We are committed to sustainable development, maximising our effectiveness, proactively identifying and addressing the needs of our stakeholders, meeting real social demands and aligning with the 20th CPC National Congress Strategy. For example, BMW China Culture Journey looks into the future and will integrate the circular economy into intangible cultural heritage protection, effectively promoting sustainable development through culture. The collaboration between BMW Brilliance and the HuZ-German School in Shenyang has been instrumental in promoting Sino-German cultural and educational exchange. Since its establishment in 2018, with special support from BMW Group China, the school has experienced steady growth, serving now more than 70 students from primary school to high school. The school follows the German education system, with transcripts recognised by German schools. It offers qualifications in different collaboration formats and preparation phases. The school is expected to move into new premises designed according to international standards. This effort by BMW Group China will continue to support Shenyang s reputation as a diverse and international city. community, integrating corporate culture with local culture, and seeking opportunities to support the advancement of local electrification. With our strong R&D and innovative technologies, we promote the local electrification process in Shenyang, demonstrating our commitment to an electric, digital and circular future of mobility. In 2022, at the Second China (Shenyang) Intelligent Connected Vehicle International Conference, we shared our progress with local partners on electrification by showcasing our global research and development for BMW Intelligent Connected Vehicles and the new, pure electric BMW i3. Diverse indoor and outdoor celebrations, over two days, gave our people a deeper understanding of this city. Talented singers, dancers and musicians from BMW Group China showcased a rich diversity of music and culture, giving our expats a unique and memorable experience of local culture. Corporate Citizenship INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 88 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 CHAPTER 6 GRI Content IndexSustainability Data Summary Limited Assurance Report Basis of Reporting9589 106 108OTHER INFORMATION 6 INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 89 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 SUSTAINABILITY DATA SUMMARY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 Revenues from operations (in RMB million) 141, 918 172, 692 189, 006 214, 787 - - 334, 3122 T ax (in RMB billion) 31 35 38 43 49 14. 0 80 Vehicles produced (in unit) 491, 888 536, 537 602, 936 700, 787 674, 663 -3. 7 674, 663 Retail vehicle deliveries3 (in unit) - - - - - - 791, 985 Engines produced (number) 491, 488 478, 588 598, 316 656, 956 668, 336 1. 7 668, 336 Authorised dealer outlets nationwide (number) 625 647 666 683 707 3. 5 893 Note 1. Additional information on Revenues from operations of BMW Brilliance is not disclosed for reasons of confidentiality. This figure is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2022 by MIIT on April 10th, 2023. PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 Average fleet CO2 emissions (domestic) (in g km) 139 137. 8 142. 1 152. 8 144. 1 -5. 7 144. 1 Average fleet CO2 emissions (imported)4 (in g km) - - - - - - 171. 6 Corporate average fuel consumption (domestic) (in l 100 km) 5. 84 5. 79 5. 97 6. 42 6. 085-5. 3 6. 085 Corporate average fuel consumption (imported)4 (in l 100 km) - - - - - - 7. 245 Retail New Energy Vehicles deliveries3 (in unit) - - - - - - 59, 118 High-voltage batteries recycled (in pieces) - 3, 262 4, 347 6, 173 10, 153 64. 5 10, 318 High-voltage batteries recycled (in kg) - 78, 875 98, 261 123, 111 579, 231 370. 5 589, 384 Spare parts recycled (number) 217, 50 0 124, 600 108, 070 278, 000 275, 421 -0. 9 275, 421 Spare parts recycled (in t) 800 563 669 867 595 -31. 4 595 Public charging pillars provided in China (number) 81, 585 130, 405 306, 891 365, 713 470, 534 28. 7 470, 534 Sustainability Data Summary INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 90 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 PRODUCTION AND OPERATION BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 T otal Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) 14, 190, 033 15, 417, 955 17, 741, 0 47 21, 392, 395 24, 767, 228 15. 8 31, 406, 640 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) 35, 733 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 6. 6 54, 306 Natural Gas (in t) 35, 733 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 6. 6 54, 306 Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) 281, 753 68, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 6. 3 76, 121 Electricity heat purchased by BMW Brilliance (in t) 281, 753 68, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 6. 3 76, 121 Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in t) 13, 872, 546 15, 307, 212 17, 626, 158 21, 269, 854 24, 636, 801 15. 8 31, 276, 213 Upstream chain2 (in t) 3, 408, 077 3, 981, 487 4, 339, 177 5, 071, 706 5, 179, 693 2. 1 6, 410, 297 Logistics3 (in t) - 173, 102 175, 113 310, 772 519, 304 67. 1 711, 850 Utilisation phase4 (in t) 10, 219, 060 11, 058, 404 12, 799, 547 15, 521, 957 18, 562, 014 19. 6 23, 693, 045 Disposal2 (in t) 245, 409 267, 321 300, 866 352, 059 361, 245 2. 6 444, 234 Business trips5 (in t) 2, 933 8, 815 2, 105 2, 606 2, 560 -1. 8 4, 802 Employees commuting6 (in t) - 9, 065 9, 351 10, 754 11, 985 11. 4 11, 985 CO2 emissions per vehicle produced (in t vehicle) 0. 63 0. 20 0. 18 0. 17 0. 19 11. 8 0. 19 Share of renewable electricity (in ) 43 100 100 100 100 0 100 Total energy consumption (in MWh) 841, 518 974, 642 1, 026, 890 1, 106, 295 1, 169, 425 5. 7 1, 189, 231 Total fuel consumption from non-renewable resources (in MWh) 196, 553 233, 127 238, 834 295, 209 297, 7 27 0. 9 297, 7 27 Total electricity consumption (in MWh) 475, 702 557, 572 590, 214 590, 662 625, 039 5. 8 644, 845 Total heating consumption (in MWh) 169, 263 183, 943 197, 8 42 220, 424 246, 659 11. 9 246, 659 Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle) 1. 65 1. 63 1. 51 1. 40 1. 60 14. 3 1. 60 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)0. 56 0. 52 0. 50 0. 12 0. 12 0 0. 12 Total water consumption7 (in m3) 1, 214, 892 1, 332, 876 1, 188, 228 1, 275, 998 1, 191, 954 -6. 6 1, 191, 954 Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) 2. 47 2. 40 1. 97 1. 82 1. 77 -2. 7 1. 77 Process wastewater per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle ) 0. 42 0. 44 0. 44 0. 47 0. 50 6. 4 0. 50Note 1. Emissions from the upstream chain and disposal processes are based on the carbon footprint of representative vehicles from the BMW Group s product lines, calculated by using the LCA tool GaBi provided by Sphera which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the adjustments to emissions factors and reporting scope expansion. Leveraged on improved data traceability, we managed to track and report CO2 emissions from local aftersales logistics (Spare Parts Distribution Centres to local dealerships) and from international outbound logistics of exported vehicles (China ports-global dealers) in 2022. The fleet emissions are extrapolated from the average fleet CO2 emissions and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km. The year-on-year reduction for this figure was mainly due to the implementation of the sludge drying project in Plant Dadong in which the water content of sludge has been reduced and leading to a reduction in waste for disposal per vehicle. Figures for Employees in Shanghai and other cities of BMW Brilliance in 2018-2021 were disclosed in the Employees in Beijing category. Sustainability Data Summary INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 93 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 Female employees in management positions2 (in ) 30. 0 30. 6 30. 2 31. 4 31. 8 1. 3 37. 1 Local employees in management positions2 (in ) 87. 2 86. 7 87. 2 90. 0 91. 7 1. 9 91. 3 Share of employees with fixed-term contract (in ) 49. 7 48. 1 41. 0 41. 4 48. 8 17. 8 47. 8 T otal local new employee hires3 (number) 3, 148 1, 628 1, 691 3, 510 4, 716 34. 4 5, 044 Total local new employee hires3 (in ) 16. 6 8. 2 8. 2 15. 4 18. 3 18. 9 18. 0 Female local new employee hires3 (number) 284 240 155 371 366 -1. 3 515 Female local new employee hires3 (in ) 1. 5 1. 2 0. 7 1. 6 1. 4 -12. 7 1. 8 Male local new employee hires3 (number) 2, 864 1, 388 1, 536 3, 139 4, 350 38. 6 4, 529 Male local new employee hires3 (in ) 15. 1 7. 0 7. 4 13. 8 16. 9 22. 6 16. 2 Local new employees in Shenyang3 (number) 3, 010 1, 538 1, 619 3, 089 4, 228 36. 9 4, 233 Local new employees in Shenyang3 (in ) 15. 9 7. 8 7. 8 13. 5 16. 4 21. 1 15. 1 Local new employees in Beijing3 (number) 112 78 53 177 241 36. 2 500 Local new employees in Beijing3 (in ) 0. 6 0. 4 0. 3 0. 8 0. 9 20. 5 1. 8 Local new employees in Shanghai3 (number) 8 4 6 8 8 0 65 Local new employees in Shanghai3 (in ) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0. 2 Local new employees in other cities3 (number) 18 8 13 236 239 1. 3 246 Local new employees in other cities3 (in ) 0. 1 0 0. 1 1. 0 0. 9 -10. 4 0. 9 Local new employees, age 303 (number) 2, 520 1, 208 1, 333 2, 213 2, 916 31. 8 2, 989 Local new employees, age 303 (in ) 13. 3 6. 1 6. 4 9. 7 11. 3 16. 6 10. 7 Local new employees, age 30-503 (number) 628 418 358 1, 297 1, 800 38. 8 2, 055 Local new employees, age 30-503 (in ) 3. 3 2. 1 1. 7 5. 7 7. 0 22. 8 7. 3 Local new employees, age 503 (number) 0 2 0 0 0 0 0Note 1. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. 3. This figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. The previous years figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. Sustainability Data Summary INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 94 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Change 2022 Local new employees, age 502 (in ) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Local attrition rate3 (in ) 4. 9 3. 7 3. 8 7. 4 6. 9 -7. 6 7. 1 Local voluntary attrition rate3 (in ) 3. 7 2. 6 2. 9 6. 6 6. 0 -8. 0 6. 2 Local involuntary attrition rate3 (in ) 1. 2 1. 1 0. 8 0. 9 0. 8 -4. 5 0. 9 Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked) 0. 28 0. 17 0. 09 0. 13 0. 084-38. 5 0. 08 T raining days of training organised by the Human Resources Department5 (in day)33, 804 24, 311 15, 491 19, 524 25, 844 32. 4 28, 241 Average days of further training per employee (in day person) 1. 79 1. 23 0. 75 0. 86 1. 00 16. 5 1. 01 Training attendee satisfaction rate (in ) 97. 0 98. 2 98. 4 99. 0 99. 8 0. 8 99. 4 Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number) 80, 292 2, 628, 710 11, 568, 364 11, 459, 458 - - 31, 885, 4746 Accumulated beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number) 237, 892 2, 866, 602 14, 434, 966 25, 894, 424 - - 57, 779, 898 Expenditure on social commitment activities (in RMB) 15, 575, 085 16, 513, 831 36, 619, 722 23, 439, 759 - - 24, 210, 755 T otal participants of CSR activities7 (number) - 212 85 300 - - 9168 T otal hours of volunteer service7 (in hour) - 1, 915 923 1, 914 - - 1, 960 Note 1. This figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. The previous years figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. This figure does not include employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death. The previous years figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. This figure includes offline training only. In 2022, the overall offline training was less affected by the epidemic, the number of offline training organised has increased and the number of course participants has increased, which was the main reason for the increase in the number of days of the overall trainees compared with that in 2021. 6. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase in online video and Iive-streaming activitles in which the number of beneficiaries is counted by visiting times. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the scope expansion by including employees children and other public into the scope and the launch of online progrom for the first time to attracted associate volunteers to participate. Sustainability Data Summary INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 95 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 GRI CONTENT INDEX GRI 2 GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021The BMW Group China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1st, 2022 to December 31st, 2022 with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-1 Organisation details 09 -- -- GRI 2-2 Entities included in the organisation's sustainability reporting 02 -- -- GRI 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 02 -- -- GRI 2-4 Restatements of information -- Where necessary and possible, restatements are explained in footnotes to the respective groups. GRI 2-5 External assurance 106 -- -- GRI 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 10, 56-65 -- -- GRI 2-7 Employees 92-94, 67-80 -- 6GRI 1 FOUNDATION GRI 1 applied GRI 1 Foundation 2021 Applicable GRI Sector Standard (s) None GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 96 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-8 Workers who are not employees -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition 22 -- -- GRI 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 22 -- -- GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 04-06 -- -- GRI 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 22 -- -- GRI 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 22 -- -- GRI 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 22 -- -- GRI 2-15 Conflicts of interest -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 18-21 -- -- GRI 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 22 -- -- GRI 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-19 Remuneration policies -- This information is subject to internal confidentiallity regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-20 Process to determine remuneration -- This information is subject to internal confidentiallity regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio -- This information is subject to internal confidentiallity regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 04-06 -- -- GRI 2-23 Policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-24 Embedding policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 24-25 -- -- GRI 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 24-25 -- -- GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 24-25 -- -- GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 97 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-28 Membership associations -- CAAM (China Association of Automobile Manufacturers) CAEFI (China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) IAC (The Investment Association of China) LNAEFI (Liaoning Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) SYAEFI (Shenyang Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) BAEFI (Beijing Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) ABNEA (Association of Beijing New Energy Automotive) AHK (German Chamber of Commerce in China) EFQM (European Foundation for Quality Management) Road Vehicle Committee of China Intelligent Transportation Systems Association (ITS China) CBCSD (China Business Council for Sustainable Development) Global Compact Network China-- GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 18-21 -- -- GRI 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 72-74 100 of local employees are members of the BMW Brilliance Trade Union, and all Union members are covered by the Collective Contract on Labour Remuneration. This excludes expatriates, who are not eligible for the Trade Union. For reasons of confidentiality, we do not disclose on the personnel and financial resources that are used for the management of these topics. Sustainable Product Portfolio GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 11, 48-49 -- -- Product Quality and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- GRI 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 30-31 -- -- GRI 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services-- BMW Group China did not have significant non-compliance with laws regulations in 2022 that resulted in a financially material impact.-- GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 99 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Decarbonisation across the Value Chain GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 90 -- -- GRI 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 302-3 Energy intensity 90 -- -- GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 11, 48-49 -- -- GRI 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 22, 47-49 -- -- Circular Economy GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 34 -- -- GRI 301-2 Recycled input materials used 34 -- -- GRI 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 34 -- -- Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 90 -- -- GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 100 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 90 -- -- GRI 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 90 -- -- GRI 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 90 -- -- GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 11, 47-48 -- -- Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 45, 49-51 -- -- GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 45, 49-51 -- -- GRI 306-3 Waste generated 91 -- -- GRI 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 12 This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 303-4 Water discharge 49-51 -- -- GRI 303-5 Water consumption 49-51, 90 -- --(CONT D) GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 101 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity 50 -- -- GRI 304-3 Habitats protected or restored 82 -- -- Responsible Sourcing GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 1-10 GRI 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 63-64 -- -- GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 63-65 -- -- GRI 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 91 -- -- Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 4, 5, 6 GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 72-74 -- --(CONT D) GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 102 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Occupational Health and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21, 76 -- -- GRI 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 76 -- -- GRI 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 75-76 -- -- GRI 403-3 Occupational health services 77-78 -- -- GRI 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 79 -- -- GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 76-78 -- -- GRI 403-6 Promotion of worker health 76-78 -- -- GRI 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships76-78 -- -- GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 76-78 -- -- GRI 403-9 Work-related injuries 75-76 -- -- GRI 403-10 Work-related ill health -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. CONT D) GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 103 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Employee Development and Talent Retention GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- GRI 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 69-71 -- -- GRI 404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes 69-71 -- -- GRI 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews -- Some of BMW Group China s entity carries out a company-wide portfolio process on an annual basis to assess associates performance and career development. The percentage information is not currently available due to the complexity of the portfolio process and variations among different job functions.-- Attractive Workplace GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- GRI 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 78 -- -- Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10 GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 104 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 24-25 We define governance bodies as those committees which receive active regular reports by the compliance function. All committee members are informed about each entities anti-corruption policies and procedures. All committee members who are BMW Group China employees have also received training on anti-corruption. Committee members representing our shareholders are covered by the compliance programmes of BMW Group respectively. Our compliance training includes mandatory online training for all non-production employees, additional classroom training for new employees and managers, and special workshops and training for specific target groups (e. g. Sales, Purchasing, and Finance). Information unavailable The number of business partners that policies and procedures have been communicated to is not reported.-- GRI 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices 24-25 In 2022, there were no legal actions regarding anti-competitive behaviour or violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation.-- Information Security and Privacy Protection GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data-- BMW Group China did not encounter substantiated complaints in 2022 concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.--(CONT D) GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 105 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Sustainable Governance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- Public Policy Participation GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 19-21 -- -- GRI Content Index INTRODUCTION FUNDAMENTALS PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS PRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYOTHER INFORMATION 106 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022 Limited Assurance Report LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER S ASSURANCE REPORT We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2022 key data of BMW Group China as defined below in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (the Company ). The criteria used by the Company to prepare the selected key data in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report is set out in the basis of reporting in Chapter 6 of the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report (the basis of reporting ). The Board of Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report in accordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the selected key data in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. It is our responsibility to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report based on our work. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the BMW Group China 2022 Sustainability Report whether due to fraud or error, and responding to the assessed risks. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engagement risk. Within the scope of our work, we have performed the following procedures in Beijing Office, Tiexi Plant, Dadong Plant, Powertrain Plant and Lydia Plant of the Company 1. Examination, on a test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 4. Other procedures deemed necessary. The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement tech - niques and can affect comparability between entities. Our report has been prepared for and only for the Board of Manage - ment of the Company and for no other purpose. We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirement of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The figure does not include BMW Motorrad dealer outlets. The calculation is based on the GB 27999-2019 Fuel Consumption Evalua - tion Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People s Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2022 of the MIIT of the People s Republic of China on April 10th, 2023. The calculation is based on the GB 27999-2019 Fuel Consumption Evalua - tion Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People s Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2022 of the MIIT of the People s Republic of China on April 10th, 2023. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Associa - tion of the Automotive Industry (VDA). The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Emission factors of the supply chain and the disposal are based on the carbon footprints of represent - ative vehicles from the product lines, calculated by using the LCA tool GaBi provided by Sphera. Logis - tics emissions are based on the transaction mode and region. Emissions factors of logistics applied the international GLEC Framework V2. 0 directive, CleanCargo and DIN EN 16258. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO2 emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (as per VDA 900-100). Employee commuting emissions include trips by shuttle bus between Shenyang downtown and BMW Brilliance production sites. Business trips emissions include employees air travel of BMW Group China entities for business purposes. Share of renewable electricity (in ) The ratio of renewable electricity consumed to the total electricity consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings). Renewable electricity includes the generation of solar power electricity, Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), and the International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs). Total energy consumption (in MWh) Total energy consumption generated by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and by other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings) of the year, including purchased electricity, purchased heating, and natural gas. VOCs solvent emissions are mainly generated during the painting process. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal utilisation. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal utilisation. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal utilisation. The figure does not include interns, while it includes dispatched employees. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Local employees in management positions (in )The ratio of local employees in management positions at year-end to total employees in management positions at year-end. Local refers to managers with local contracts. People deployed to work at the location who do not have a local employment contract are not included. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Total local new employee hires (in ) The ratio of newly hired local employees of the year to the total workforce at year-end. The figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China enti - ties. Local attrition rate (in ) Departures of local employees divided by the number of monthly average local employees of the year. Employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death are not included. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked)The scope only covers directly contracted employees in BMW Brilliance plants. Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number)Number of times people benefited from CSR activities organised by the BMW CSR team, BMW Bril - liance Trade Union in Chinese mainland and BMW Brilliance Shenyang Associate Social Responsibility Programme. Beneficiaries of online video and live stream activities is counted by visiting times. Total participants of CSR activities (number)Total number of times volunteers attended voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association in Chinese mainland. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Total hours of volunteer service (in hour)Total hours that volunteers spend on voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Associa - tion in Chinese mainland, including direct service hours and indirect service hours. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Direct service hours refer to activity hours, and indirect service hours refer to the hours that volunteers spend on transportation, on-site preparation, and lunch hours during the activities. Basis of Reporting Contact for questions regarding this report BMW Group China Corporate Sustainability 28th Floor, Tower B, Gateway Plaza, 18 Xiaguangli, North Road East Third Ring, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100027, P. R. China Tel 86(0)10 8455 7000 Further information and publications are available at http www. In 2022, Bank of China supported the Silk Road Artists' Rendezvous art exhibition, which showcased the charm of cultural integration through the unique perspectives of artists from countries along the Belt and Road, representing the Bank's effort to work together with all parties to promote sustainable economic, social and environmental development. The work Peace displayed in the Silk Road Artists' Rendezvous art exhibition was created by Leila Shili, a Tunisian painter. The colorful, free and dynamic silhouettes of plants and animals in the picture are endowed with the best wishes for building a shared future of all life on earth. Restructured into a wholly state-owned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy to be designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 12 consecutive years. As China s most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local note-issuing banks in their respective markets. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of duty and commitment. Over its 111 years of development, the Bank constantly cared about the nation, dedicated to contribute to the country, and continued to strive for prosperity of the country and rejuvenation of the nation. Being deeply rooted in people and committed to providing excellent services, it has fulfilled its responsibilities of delivering financial services for the people, bringing benefits and convenience to the people, and improving the living standards of the people. It has always followed the law, innovated with prudence, and upheld the spirit of integrity and innovation to strengthen the Bank. As a large state-owned commercial bank on a new journey towards fully building a modern socialist country, the Bank, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, will carry forward the Bank s century-old tradition of pursuing excellence, take full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development philosophy, contribute to the new development pattern; consciously uphold the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good; practice the values of provide excellent service, innovate with prudence, uphold openness and inclusiveness, collaborate for mutual growth; move faster to build a first-class modern global banking group, bolster the Chinese modernisation, promote high-quality economic and social development, and make an even greater contribution to realising the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation in all respects. Corporate Culture Concept SystemCorporate Culture Concept System MissionMission ValuesValues VisionVision Bridge China and the World for the Common Good Provide Excellent Services Uphold Openness and Inclusiveness Innovate with Prudence Collaborate for Mutual Growth Build a First-class Global Banking Group Inheriting the fine tradition of serving the people, BOC will leverage its characteristic advantages in globalised services, and respond to the calling of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. Through financial services, the Bank will help build a new development paradigm featuring a dual circulation, and boost financing connectivity, smooth trade, and mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world. With in-depth insights into customer demands, agile response to market changes, and efficient coordination, the Head Office serves branches, the back line serves the front line, and the Bank serves its customers as BOC believes that sincere attitude and excellent services will help it win more customers. BOC always seeks for inclusiveness, learns widely from the strengths of others, keeps pace with the trends of the times, constantly adjusts its strategies and policies in accordance with changing circumstances, and takes the initiative to integrate into society and people s livelihood, the new development paradigm and community with a shared future for mankind. In this way, it aims to realize the win-win cooperation of the Bank and its customers, as well as the joint growth and flourishment between employees and the Bank. Introduction Awards and HonorsAwards and Honors Award Issued by ComprehensiveComprehensiveRanked 4th in Top 1000 World Banks in 2022 The BankerRanked 4th in Top 500 Global Banking Brands in 2022 Ranked 42nd in Global 500 in 2022 Fortune MSCI ESG rating of A in 2022 MSCI 2022 Market Leader rankings EuromoneyEnvironmental, Social, and Corporate Governance (ESG) - Tier 1 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) - Tier 1 Best ESG Bank in China for 2022 Asiamoney 2022 Best Cases of A-share Listed Companies ESG PracticeChina Association for Public Companies Jinnuo - Top 10 Socially Responsible Organisations of the Year in the Chinese Financial SectorChina Banking and Insurance NewsJinnuo - Top 10 CSR Reports of the Year in the Chinese Financial Sector EnvironmentalEnvironmentalIFF Global Green Finance Award - Innovation AwardInternational Finance Forum (IFF) Best Progress AwardGreen Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative Awards including the Best Sustainable Finance Issuer, Best Sustainability-related Bonds, and Best Carbon Neutrality-themed Green BondsThe Asset Global Awards Outstanding Leadership in ESG-linked Loans Global FinanceRegional Awards - Asia Pacific Outstanding Leadership in Transition Sustainability-linked Loans, Outstanding Leadership in Sustainable Project Finance, and Outstanding Leadership in ESG-linked Loans National Regional Awards 2022 Sustainable Finance Award in China Stars of China Best Sustainability Bank Exemplary Units for Green BankingChina Banking Association Low-carbon Pioneers of the Year at the 14th Annual Conference on Social Responsibility of Chinese EnterprisesSouthern Weekly Award Issued by SocialSocialBest Employers of the Year 2022, Most Sustainable Employers, and Most Digital Responsible EmployersForbes China FinTech Development AwardPeople s Bank of China 2022 Innovation China Innovations for Digital and Inclusive FinanceChina Association for Science and Technology, China Institute of Communications Typical Cases for Inclusive Finance in China (2022)China Banking Association, 21st Century Institute of Finance 2022 Excellent Case of Inclusive Finance in the Banking IndustryChina. cn Typical Cases of Financial Services for Small and Micro Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Refined Management, Distinction, and Innovation in 2022China Banking Association, China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises Exemplary Cases in Digital Transformation of Financial Institutions in 202221st Century Business Herald GovernanceGovernanceNine Party branches were included in the Party Branches of CPC Central Committee and State Council Organs Strong in Four Aspects Working Committee of Organs Directly under the CPC Central Committee and the State Council The 17th Round Table Award for Boards of China s Listed Companies - Special Contribution to Corporate GovernanceDirectors & Boards The Best Investor Relations and Best Investor Relations Board of Directors at the 13th Tianma Awards for Investor Relations of Chinese Listed CompaniesSecurities Times The highest rating of A in the annual evaluation of information disclosureShanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) Top Boards of Supervisors of Listed Companies in 2022 - Best Practice AwardChina Association for Public Companies AspirationCommitted to Implementing National StrategiesBearing in mind the country s most fundamental interestsBearing in mind the country s most fundamental interests Being Committed to serving the country with financeBeing Committed to serving the country with finance This year, BOC kept in mind to actively implement the national strategy, actively served the real economy, and acted as a financial bridge to boost the domestic and international dual circulation. Appearing on the stage of the China International Import Expo for five consecutive years, BOC provided a full range of financial services to global guests and blossomed its own distinctive elegance in the stage of high- standard opening-up. Performance Highlights As the real economy serves as the foundation of financial industry, serving the real economy is of prime importance to the continuous development of finance. As a large state-owned commercial bank, BOC closely aligned its own situation with national reform and development, shared weal and woe with the country, continuously strengthened its support to the real economy, and fulfilled its responsibilities in serving the high-quality development of the real economy. In 2022, BOC closely followed the national strategic development, improved the quality and efficiency of financial service for the real economy, actively served to build the country into a world power of science and technology, helped advance greater self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology, and supported the high-quality development of strategic emerging industries and specialized, refined, featured and innovative enterprises. Relying on the inclusive financial brand Inclusive Loan, the Bank made all-out efforts to develop an inclusive financial service system featuring openness, shared benefits, rich resources and convenient services, so as to continuously expand the coverage of its inclusive financial services. It also increased financial support for rural revitalization, optimized the structure for agriculture-related credit, and helped modernize agriculture and rural areas. The Bank increased resources input in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Guangdong- Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area with a focus on key areas, promoted infrastructure connectivity, and gave greater play to the effect of industry cluster. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries amounted to RMB1, 122. 1 billion, an increase of RMB600. 5 billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises was RMB1, 228. 3 billion, with a growth rate of 39. 34 during the year, and the number of accounts of such loans went up 20. 87 to 747, 900, seeing a growth rate of 39. 28 in loans granted to micro and small enterprises; the balance of agriculture-related loan was RMB2, 074. 8 billion, up 19. 55 this year, and the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loan reached RMB260. 3 billion, up 37. 91 this year; the balance of loans to the projects of the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region was RMB376. 4 billion, with RMB165. 3 billion newly invested during the year, and the total verified credit approved for the construction projects and enterprises in the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province reached RMB340. 8 billion; the Bank established overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions, including 42 BRI countries. Growth rate of loans for micro and small enterprises ( ) 202133. 60 202239. 28 20, 748Balance of agriculture-related loans (RMB100 million) 2022 202115, 18517, 408 2020202021. 43 Balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries (RMB100 million) 20215, 215. 78 202211, 220. 73 20202, 222. 43 805, 861 2021 2022 2020497, 300644, 037 Number of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans Balance of loans to individual business start-up (RMB100 million) 2020 2021 202222. 7326. 3234. 78 Amount of new loans granted to various transportation sectors (RMB100 million) 3, 2534, 6864, 834 2020 2021 2022 19 18 BOC released in cooperation with the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People s Republic of China the Action Plan on Implementing the One Mainstay, Two Engines Strategy to Help Enterprises Become More Innovative. Promoting Greater Self-sufficiency and Strength in Science and TechnologyPromoting Greater Self-sufficiency and Strength in Science and Technology BOC has been dedicated to serving the drive to build China s strength in science and technology, developing technology finance with quality and efficiency further assured. By the end of 2022, the Bank provided credit support worth RMB1, 006, 800 million1 to high-tech enterprises, along with an array of comprehensive financial services worth RMB455. 9 billion, including equity investment, bond investment, bond underwriting, asset management, and financial leasing. Pilot program was launched Pilot program was launched to provide efficient financial to provide efficient financial servicesservices Accurate profiling made it possible Accurate profiling made it possible to provide customers with appropriate product solutionsto provide customers with appropriate product solutions Investment-loan linkage was createdInvestment-loan linkage was created to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities The pilot program for technology finance was innovatively launched, where a fast and efficient channel could be opened up to meet financing needs of high-tech enterprises b y optimising the traditional credit granting process and approving financing applications of enterprises faster. After the launch of the pilot program, 1, 467 applications were approved, which involved loans worth RMB66, 571 million. Focused on the business needs of high-tech and start-up enterprises throughout the whole life cycle, 54 products in ten scenarios were integrated to create a full spectrum of technology finance products. An evaluation model for high-tech enterprises was constructed, in which indicators from technological, financial, and enterprise value dimensions were used to score these enterprises, and special scorecards were tailored to facilitate the approval processes for specific key industries, taking into account the developments and characteristics of these industries. Focused on the characteristics of technology finance, an all-round service system was built in which direct and indirect financing could complement each other and domestic and foreign financing would promote each other, and business models combining loan and direct investment, commercial banking and diversified finance, and raising funds and great minds together were explored to provide high-tech enterprises with financial solutions for access to the Bank s global resources and services at any point of contact. As at the end of 2022, the medium and long-term loans to the manufacturing sector grew by RMB227 billion throughout the year; the balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB1, 122. 1 billion, the balance of technology finance loans exceeded RMB1 trillion; and the balance of loans to more than 18, 000 specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new and unique products surpassed RMB345 billion. Professional services were providedProfessional services were provided to facilitate the formation of a pool of international scientists to facilitate the formation of a pool of international scientists BOC provided foreign experts of the Chinese Academy of Sciences with a wide range of professional financial services, such as exclusive service outlets, bilingual services, debit and credit card opening facilitation, and payroll foreign exchange (FX) purchase. Aware that Yuhang District is committed to developing digital economy, BOC Zhejiang Branch joined hands with Zhejiang Digital Economy Society to actively explore and design Digital Innovation Loan, a scenario-specific credit solution that could meet the financing needs and risk characteristics of small and micro enterprises in the digital economy. Specifically, experts from Zhejiang Digital Economy Society would be invited to conduct professional evaluation by taking into account many non-financial factors such as the background of the founding team, external evaluation, development results, the development trend of an industry, market application, and project progress, and the technical strength, stability, and willingness ability to perform of the actual controller and core team. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans granted by the Bank to strategic emerging industries was RMB1, 122, 100 million, an increase of RMB600, 500 million, or 115, from the beginning of the year. Propelling Quality-oriented Development of Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Propelling Quality-oriented Development of Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Refined Management, Distinction, and InnovationRefined Management, Distinction, and Innovation Focused on small and medium enterprises featuring specialty, refined management, distinction, and innovation, BOC continues to optimise financial services and innovate financing models. BOC provides these enterprises with financial products to meet their needs at all stages of their life cycle. The Growth Path service model is created to ensure these enterprises can get financial support whenever they need along the way to grow rapidly from innovative SMEs to little giant enterprises to single-product specialists in the manufacturing industry. Focusing on one channel Focusing on one channel 20 BOC relies on its advantages in integrated operation and internal cooperation mechanism to offer these enterprises real- sense one-stop services. Relying on two engines Relying on two engines Comprehensive financial servicesComprehensive financial servicesCredit supportCredit support A comprehensive service system covering investment, loan, bond, securities, leasing, and insurance, among other business areas is created to effectively meet the diversified financial needs of these enterprises. Meanwhile, a corporate-private banking linkage mechanism is established to provide private banking services for the owners of these enterprises. The information channels between commercial banking and investment banking are opened up to offer these enterprises diversified financing support. BOC furnishes these enterprises with differentiated credit support by tailoring exclusive products for different levels of customers under varying scenarios. By the end of 2022, the balance of credit the Bank provided for 18, 000 such enterprises exceeded RMB345 billion. Keenly aware of the difficulties and challenges facing these enterprises, BOC provides them with precise financial support in three key areas, that is, innovation and transformation, supply chain consolidation & improvement, and international development. Conscious of the high-tech and asset-light characteristics of these enterprises, BOC established the Intellectual Property Rights Financing Innovation Lab with the China National Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA), to develop and launch the Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, an IPR- pledged financing product. With this product, enterprises in catering, cultural tourism, and other industries in trouble could apply for credit support by pledging their trademarks. Highlighting three key areas Highlighting three key areas Innovation and transformationInnovation and transformation Supply chain consolidation & improvementSupply chain consolidation & improvement International developmentInternational development Relying on the Inclusive Loan for Supply Chain customer acquisition model, BOC increased its cooperation with the leading enterprises in communications, manufacturing, and other industries at the top of their supply chains, and launched exclusive solutions for key supply chains where these enterprises are concentrated. The Bank piloted the cross-border financing facilitation project for these enterprises in many places, helping them use foreign debt funds more efficiently. Relying on the BOC E-cooperation platform, it rendered these enterprises with cross-border matchmaking services, both online and offline. BOC has created four tools by relying on its personnel and channels to better serve these enterprises. A host of digitalised platforms such as the BOC E-cooperation platform, Inclusive Loan app, and applets allowed these enterprises to apply for financial products, conduct business matchmaking activities, find partners, and share patent resources, greatly enhancing the accessibility of financial services for them. A team of FinTech specialists was built to regularly conduct policy interpretation and business training. An inclusive finance-themed activity was launched for these enterprises, to provide them with precise services through many forms of bank-enterprise matchmaking, product promotion, business training, and policy interpretation. Meanwhile, government departments, industrial parks, investment institutions, and other parties were invited. So far, the activity has been held over 1, 400 sessions nationwide to help these enterprises get the much-needed financial resources. Relying on the Inclusive Loan inclusive finance brand, the Bank took digitalised transformation and scenario-based customer acquisition as two engines to promote the integrated development of channels, products, and services, strengthen the bank-government, banking-insurance, banking-guarantee, and bank- enterprise collaboration, and build a system of comprehensive services for small and micro enterprises, which would be intelligent, automated, professional, diversified, and meticulous. It helped micro and small enterprises to improve their ability to resist risks and production and operation conditions through sound financial health, so as to achieve sustainable development. By the end of 2022, the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements was RMB1, 228. 3 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 39. 34. The number of loan customers was 747, 900, representing an annual growth rate of 20. 87. Some of these measures included establishing sound fault-tolerant arrangements and risk mitigation mechanisms, building funding channels, and innovating products and services with the help of technology, all of which would improve the quality and efficiency of services for small and micro enterprises in all aspects. At the same time, BOC launched specific initiatives and action plans in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shenzhen, Chongqing, and Qinghai, among other places, to support small and micro enterprises. These initiatives and plans addressed the most urgent needs of small and micro enterprises from various dimensions, such as policy resources, platform connection, products and services, special scenarios, bank-guarantee cooperation, and fee reduction and concession, so that the Bank could accompany its customers through their difficult times together. Informed of the financing needs of small and micro enterprises, BOC introduced a number of measures to help them ensure business continuity. For example, the Bank announced a new round of deferred loan repayment, and provided financial support for enterprises with temporary operating difficulties through various means such as extended loans, roll- over loans, and loan renewals without repayment of principal. The intelligent Global Transaction Banking (iGTB) platform was added with a series of online functions, such as loan application, archiving, demand analysis, mortgage calculator, and inquiry, allowing customers to apply for loans and check the progress of their applications online anytime, anywhere. By the end of 2022, BOCHK took 520 online loan applications through the iGTB platform, with 36 loans approved and disbursed in a cumulative amount of HKD70. 76 million. These loans were all government-guaranteed loans with lower interest rates than the average unsecured loans for SMEs, which could effectively help applicants reduce their high financing costs. Integrated digital solutions for inclusive financial servicesIntegrated digital solutions for inclusive financial services Using Technology to Achieve Service Availability Around the ClockUsing Technology to Achieve Service Availability Around the Clock BOC has seized the opportunities presented by the digital economy to accelerate the digital transformation of inclusive finance, and used cutting-edge technologies to upgrade its online products and services on all fronts. In 2022, BOC launched a number of new products, which included the E Mortgage Loan and Business E Loan, two inclusive financial products for personal customers; the Guaranteed Inclusive Loan, a guaranteed product for corporate customers, the Sci-tech Innovation Loan, a corporate product exclusive for high-tech enterprises; and the Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, an IPR-pledged product. Some of the products could support the online operation of the whole process, consisting of loan application, review and approval, contracting, money withdrawal, payment, and repayment, providing small and micro enterprises with efficient, convenient and contactless online financial services. These online services and products greatly supported small and micro enterprises, further enhancing the accessibility of inclusive financial services. A wide range of online digitalised inclusive financial productsA wide range of online digitalised inclusive financial products Relying on its superior FinTech, BOC independently developed and launched the Inclusive Loan app, a comprehensive inclusive financial service platform for small and micro enterprises, self-employed individuals, entrepreneurs, agriculture- related business entities, and other customer groups. The app is committed to building a model that integrates financing, consulting, and commercial services, promoting the sustainable development of inclusive finance by reducing service costs and improving the adoption of digital means, and enhancing the ability to serve the real economy. With the help of big data, cloud computing, and other technologies, the Inclusiv e Loan app has created a unified portal to online services covering the entire lineup of corporate and personal products, synchronously integrated financial tools such as online account opening, credit line measurement, and tax authorisation, and incorporated value-added services such as small and micro enterprise classes and supply-demand alignment. With the service radius extended effectively, the app succeeded in bridging the last-mile gap in the provision of financial services. Convenient access to digitalised inclusive financial servicesConvenient access to digitalised inclusive financial services 27 26Focusing on Employment Stabilisation and ExpansionFocusing on Employment Stabilisation and Expansion to Improve People s Well-beingto Improve People s Well-being In 2022, BOC launched the innovative Job Creation inclusive finance action plan (also known as the Job Creation campaign) with the theme of Promoting Employment, aiming to enhance the role of inclusive finance in driving employment. As part of the campaign, the Inclusive Loan for Employment inclusive financial service programme was formulated to provide multi-channel financing support and comprehensive financial services for small and micro enterprises that could hire a large number of people, be effective in stabilising employment, and strictly comply with labour standards. Besides, BOC entered into a systematic and holistic partnership with the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security to jointly explore a long-term mechanism for stabilising job creation and promoting employment. Relying on the Job Creation campaign, BOC provided a full package of inclusive financial services such as financing support, employment matchmaking, and complimentary insurance to support small and micro enterprises and self-employed individuals that could hire large numbers of new citizens, such as domestic help companies, restaurants, pharmacies, and takeaway delivery firms. The support provided by the Bank covered labour management, employment, capital turnover, personal insurance, etc. The campaign benefited 26, 000 customers, involving credit worth more than RMB80 billion. Relying on the Job Creation zone on the BOC E-cooperation platform, BOC provided a convenient information platform for employers and job seekers, bridging the information divide between the two sides. The Inclusive Loan for Employment inclusive financial service programme was promoted throughout the jurisdiction, mainly targeted at the enterprises that could hire large numbers of new citizens, such as those who have returned to their hometowns to start their own businesses, rural entrepreneurs, retired military personnel, and college graduates. The Inclusive Loan for Supply Chain integrated inclusive financial service programme was tailored for small and micro merchants on cooperative platforms, including restaurants, hotels, retailers, and logistics providers. It supported small and micro merchants in 19 provinces and municipalities including Shanghai, Guangdong, Sichuan, Jiangsu, Beijing, Zhejiang, Jilin, Qinghai, and Yunnan and boost employment. The Bank has integrated the resources of the Group, including personal financial products, credit services, wealth management services, and insurance services, to support the diversified financial needs of two types of new citizens, that is, corporate customers with stable employment and personal customers starting up their own businesses. In Guangdong Province where new citizens are concentrated, the Bank joined hands with the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Guangdong Province to issue the Financing Service Programme to Promote the Cantonese Chefs, Guangdong Technicians, and Southern Guangdong Housekeepers Projects for Enhancing Employment and Business Startup, the first of its kind in the financial industry, to provide precise services for the three types of skilled personnel mentioned in the above document, who are also new citizens, and help them get employed and raise income through their skills. At the same time, the Bank increased its support for enterprises and entities such emergency logistics enterprises, truck drivers, and vehicle owners. In addition, BOC launched a campaign to promote the policy that flexibly employed people could open housing provident fund (HPF) accounts on their own. A total of 18 branches across the Bank participated in the local HPF centre s flexible pilot contribution programme for flexibly employed persons, further broadening the groups benefiting from the HPF system and helping new citizens meet their housing needs. Progress was made towards the full coverage of financial services in 160 national key counties receiving assistance for rural revitalisation. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans extended by institutions of the Bank to key counties receiving assistance stood at RMB25, 037 million, up by RMB3, 739 million, or 17. 56, from the beginning of the year. The Agriculture, Culture and Tourism Loan inclusive financial services programme was created to promote the integrated development of primary, secondary, and tertiary industries in rural areas and make financial services accessible throughout the industry chains of agriculture, culture, and tourism. The Seed Industry Loan, Agricultural Machinery Loan, and other service schemes were rolled out to increase financing support for key areas such as the grain industry chain and agricultural modernisation. Optimised or innovative products in the categories of supply chain, featured industry, and special collateral were introduced in Zhejiang, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Inner Mongolia, and Guangdong, among other places. BOC actively explored developing small loans for people just lifted out of poverty in light of actual conditions. By the end of 2022, the balance of small loans extended to people lifted out of poverty (including small loans for poverty alleviation) was RMB84 million, an increase of 50 compared with the beginning of the year, and 1, 347 new loans were disbursed with a total amount of RMB67 million throughout the year. By the end of 2022, the balance of agriculture-related loans was RMB2, 074. 8 billion, representing a growth rate of 19. 55 for the year, and the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loans stood at RMB260. 3 billion, representing a growth rate of 37. 91 for the year. A total of 28 new institutions were established in counties throughout the year, with service presence extended to 18 new counties compared to the beginning of the year. Outlets in rural areas were built into frontline service stations for the rural revitalisation drive. By the end of 2022, 556 outlets of this type were established by the Bank. As the largest rural bank group in China in terms of the number of institutions and scale of business, it gets its business presence concentrated in the central and western counties that usually have little or no access to financial services. By the end of 2022, BOC Fullerton Community Bank s loan balance was RMB73, 429 million, with the per-account loan reaching RMB161, 700. Of its loans, agriculture-related loans and loans extended to small and micro enterprises accounted for over 94. 09. BOC signed a tripartite strategic cooperation agreement with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the National Rural Revitalization Administration, to innovate the model of financial services for agriculture, rural areas, and farmers by strengthening the basic support for modern agriculture, continuously consolidating and expanding the achievements in poverty eradication, promoting rural development with joint efforts, strongly facilitating rural construction, and accelerating the improvement in rural governance, etc. BOC actively participated in the Credit Express activity organised by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs for agricultural business entities, providing convenient and efficient financial credit support for new agricultural business entities who found financing difficult and expensive. Dangyang is a large grain-producing county in Hubei Province and even China. The product is suitable for enterprises and farmers engaged in rice planting, production and sales. The unsecured credit product is included in the green passage scheme, thus ensuring fast approval procedures and low interest rates. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans in support of the coordinated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region reached RMB376. 4 billion, representing an increase of RMB165. 3 during the year. BOC intensified its services to key regions such as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Xiongan New Area, the Yangtze River Economic Belt, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and the Yangtze River Delta, helping the practical implementation of the national regional development strategy. BOC continuously increased financial support for Xiongan New Area as the Bank took it as a mission to provide high- standard services for the construction of the area. By the end of 2022, a total of RMB340. 8 billion verified credit limits was approved to major projects and enterprises in the area. BOC considered serving the major regional strategies of the country as one of the strategic priorities of its 14th Five-Year Development Plan, gave full play to its leading role in key regions, and provided high-quality and efficient financial services in the investment and construction of major projects such as infrastructure construction and improvement of people s livelihood, contributing its financial strength to the integration of key regions and the high-quality development of the country. Promoting the community rebuilding in the New Area and approving credit limits for enterprises including PowerChina Hebei Xiongan Zhihuicheng Construction and Development Co., LTD, CCCC Xiongan Industrial Development Co., LTD, and HECIG Xiongan Construction and Development Co., LTD. In 2022, BOC Jiangsu Branch granted the first B&B Loan in Jiangsu Province to a hotel in Yixing City. Financial resources were channeled into the B&B industry in rural areas BOC Hubei Branch staff members pay a field visit to the rice planting base in Hongguang Village, Banyue Town, Dangyang City 33 32 Development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay AreaDevelopment of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area In 2022, BOC continued to implement the national development strategy for the Guangdong-Hong Kong- Macao Greater Bay Area, actively support the development of the Guangdong-Macao in-depth cooperation zone in Hengqin and the Northern Metropolis of Hong Kong, and increase financial support for technological innovation and development, infrastructure connectivity, industrial transformation and upgrading, ecological conservation, and improvement of people s livelihood in the Greater Bay Area. Moreover, the Bank created an innovative development mode of technology finance business with BOC characteristics, seeing continuous growth of the credit coverage rate of specialized, refined, differential and innovative enterprises. By the end of 2022, the loan balance of the four major BOC institutions in the Greater Bay Area remained at RMB4. 1 trillion. By the end of 2022, the balance of RMB loans in the 13 branches along the Yangtze River Economic Belt amounted to RMB6. 66 trillion, up RMB0. 78 trillion, or 11. 71, over the beginning of the year. Creating exclusive productsCreating exclusive products BOC launched the individual business loan product Jiangsu Fishing Loan to provide credit support to retired fishermen who intend to start their own businesses. In order to ensure that the credit funds meet the seasonal production needs of fishery in time, the Bank went into the villages and households to study the needs of farmers. It also changed its service model by carrying out the activity of sending loans to the countryside for the benefit of rural residents and adopting video auditing to improve the approval efficiency. GuizhouGuizhou BOC formulated the Thirty Opinions on Supporting Guizhou to Break New Ground in the Great Development of Western China in the New Era, played the advantages of products and services, supported the construction of major projects in science and technology innovation, ecological conservation and security in key areas, helped cultivate various market entities such as sci-tech enterprises, private enterprises and high-quality park enterprises, and provided convenient personal financial services. JiangxiJiangxi Focusing on the outline of the 14th Five-Year Plan of Jiangxi Province, BOC developed a financial work plan to accelerate the rise of Jiangxi in the high-quality development of the central region in the new era and channeled credit resources to areas in favor of high-quality economic development. BOC provided vigorous support to the construction of key areas, helped key infrastructure projects such as Jiujiang-Nanchang Passenger Line, the third phase expansion of Nanchang Changbei International Airport and pumped storage, expanded the layout of new infrastructure construction fields such as broadband infrastructure network and 5G construction and operation, and made all-out efforts to support the expansion and strengthening of such advantageous industries as aviation, electronic information, equipment manufacturing, Traditional Chinese Medicine, new materials and new energy. LiaoningLiaoning BOC issued 22 measures in support of the real economy, helped Liaoning alleviate enterprises burdens and develop the economy, and increased credit investment in areas such as advanced manufacturing, technology finance, supply chain finance, key and major projects, in a bid to advance industries to improve quality and efficiency. Integrated development of Yangtze River DeltaIntegrated development of Yangtze River Delta Since signing the Cooperation Agreement on Promoting the Integration of the Yangtze River Delta with the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office and releasing the first comprehensive financial service plan for the integration of the Yangtze River Delta in the banking sector, BOC has always taken supporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta as the implementation focus of the Group s regional strategy. In this way, the Bank issued RMB1. 4 trillion of new credit throughout the year, fulfilling ahead of schedule its social commitment to increase credit input by RMB1 trillion over five years, demonstrating the Bank s strong support for the development of the real economy and the industrial upgrading in the region. BOC planned to provide intentional financing support of no less than RMB150 billion for infrastructure construction, new urbanization, manufacturing transformation and upgrading, agricultural development and rural revitalization in northern Anhui cities, in a way to contribute its financial strength to narrowing the development gap of the Yangtze River Delta region and promoting common prosperity. Insurance debt financing to boost integrated development of Yangtze River Delta 37 36Supporting High-standard Opening-up As the most globalised and integrated commercial bank in China, BOC has an important mission to facilitate the smooth flow of capital and trade between China and the rest of the world in the high- standard opening-up drive. By the end of 2022, the Bank had established overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions all over the world, including 42 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), making it the Chinese-funded bank with the widest business presence both in the world and along the Belt and Road. Developing Cross-border FinanceDeveloping Cross-border Finance In the face of the complex and severe environment for foreign trade development, BOC in 2022 fully played its role as a major financial service provider for foreign trade and economic development, by taking a series of measures to strengthen the financial supply for stabilising foreign trade and help foreign trade enterprises to maintain stability and improve quality. Domestic institutions of BOC handled a cumulative volume of international settlement business worth USD3. 4 trillion throughout 2022, maintaining year-on-year growth for many consecutive years. The BOC Cross-border Remittance Express product was unveiled to provide contracted customers with second-level automatic crediting services for cross-border inward remittances and domestic inward remittances in foreign currencies. By the end of 2022, the amount of directly credited funds reached nearly USD100 billion. The single-window import and export letter of credit service for international trade was launched to support import and export enterprises in accessing some financial services under their letters of credit online through the single window. The Global Cash Management Platform was continuously optimised as a product lineup to put into operation a number of functions such as the quota management of cash pools for cross-border entities. A pilot programme for RMB and foreign currency-integrated corporate settlement accounts was implemented in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, and Shenzhen, among other places. The inclusive financial solution for small and micro enterprises engaged in foreign trade was released, which brought innovative service modes in eight aspects, that is, orders, support policies, funds, labour, technologies, support services, logistics, and information. Intensifying funding support for foreign trade enterprise of medium, small and micro sizesIntensifying funding support for foreign trade enterprise of medium, small and micro sizes While vigorously promoting the use of RMB for cross-border settlement, BOC strengthened the neutral promotion of exchange rate risks. Through bank-government-guarantee and bank-insurance cooperation, the Bank came up with innovative risk sharing models to help small and micro enterprises hedge against exchange rate risks effectively. activities were organised to support the high-quality development of foreign trade enterprises, directly serving over 33, 000 foreign trade enterprises. BOC provided high-quality services for major exhibitions, helping foreign trade enterprises to march into new markets and expand the scale of imports and exports. Relying on the BOC E-cooperation global enterprise ecosystem, the Bank provided small and medium enterprises with online and offline trade and investment matching services. By the end of 2022, a total of 101 matchmaking events were held within the ecosystem, which provided value-added financial services for more than 50, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions around the world. By the end of 2022, the cross-border custodian services of the Bank exceeded RMB600 billion, a figure maintaining the top position in the Chinese industry for many years. Relying on the Online Shipping Connect solution, BOC Ningbo Branch in 2022 helped a local logistics company make an inter-bank payment of sea freight in USD online, the first deal of its kind in the city, and launched the e-voucher business for a shipping agency. A financial worker using the Online Shipping Connect solution 41 40Implementing the BRI with Joint EffortsImplementing the BRI with Joint Efforts Advancing RMB InternationalisationAdvancing RMB Internationalisation In 2022, BOC continued using its full product lineup, wide network of overseas institutions, and numerous correspondent bank channels to provide Chinese enterprises with various types of financial services in the countries and regions along the Belt and Road, and support enterprises in bidding for overseas projects, engaging in contract negotiations, enhancing credit standing, and landing projects successfully. By the end of 2022, the Bank undertook more than 900 credit projects in the countries regions joining the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), providing them with credit support exceeded USD269 billion in total. Domestic institutions issued letters of guarantee worth USD11. 4 billion for the beneficiaries in such countries regions, which came from 130 countries regions. It has been over a decade since RMB became available for cross-border use in July 2009. As RMB internationalisation went deeper, covered a wider range, and became more convenient, BOC has been deeply involved in the process and played an important role in relevant areas. In 2022, the Group s cross-border RMB settlement volume reached RMB31. 14 trillion1, up 26. 1 over the prior year, among which RMB10. 39 trillion was undertaken by the Bank s domestic institutions, up 23. 61 year on year. BOC launched the Digital Currency Bridge project for cross-border transactions in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong (China), the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Thailand, etc. BOC produced and published the BOC Cross-border RMB Index (CRI), BOC Offshore RMB Index (ORI), the White Paper on RMB Internationalisation, and the new bilingual promotional video for cross-border use of RMB, providing comprehensive and professional information to help global market players understand and use RMB. It completed the first direct exchange of RMB to Argentine Pesos (ARS) and expanded the coverage of home currency settlement between China and Indonesia. By the end of 2022, BOC had 583 CIPS indirect participants, an increase of 76 from the end of the previous year, further expanding the number of countries regions covered by the CIPS global payment network. Spearheaded by the policy of trade and investment facilitation, it steadily expanded the scope of customers participating in the pilot facilitation project, and enhanced the efficiency of fund collection and payment through a number of facilitation products such as the BOC Cross-border Remittance Express and online FX settlement and sale. As a global strategic partner of China International Consumer Products Expo (CICPE), the Bank provided a wide range of services for two consecutive sessions of the event, including exhibitor and investor invitation, financial products, on-site services, and supporting activities. Centenary BOC Exhibition Booth at China International Consumer Products Expo 2022 Customers experience paying a penny via the e-CNY app at BOC s e-CNY exhibition booth BOC releases the results achieved in the Smart Hainan construction drive at China International Consumer Products Expo 2022 43 42Serving Important Exhibitions and ConventionsServing Important Exhibitions and Conventions As a strategic partner, BOC continued to vigorously serve and support a number of major exhibitions in 2022, such as the China International Import Expo, China International Fair for Trade in Services, China International Consumer Products Expo, and China Import and Export Fairs. Fully leveraging its advantages in globalised operation, the Bank assisted these events in exhibitor and investor invitation beforehand and provided comprehensive financial services including trade and investment matchmaking activities in the process, erecting a bridge of financial services for China to give foreign trade and economic cooperation with the rest of the world. On 31 August 2022, the China International Fair for Trade in Services (CIFTS) was inaugurated in China National Convention Centre and Shougang Park, with companies from all over the world getting together. For the second year in a row, BOC served as the exclusive highest-level global partner in the banking industry. Pre-exhibitionPre-exhibition BOC actively participated in and supported the organising committee s various roadshows and investment invitation activities. The Bank held three domestic roadshow activities and three overseas exhibitor invitation activities, with participating customers covering major regions such as Asia Pacific, Europe, and North America. During the exhibitionDuring the exhibition BOC provided all-around support for key events, matchmaking activities, and on-site financial services, among other aspects. The Bank supported the organisation of the Global Entrepreneurs Summit on Trade in Services by the Global Trade in Services Alliance. Meanwhile, it also participated in a number of key events such as the China International Finance Annual Forum, and the Carbon Peaking Economic Dev elopment Forum. Post-exhibitionPost-exhibition BOC strengthened cooperation with the organising committee of the CIFTS and the Global Trade in Services Alliance to provide the enterprises participating in the CIFTS with higher-quality and more efficient financial services through innovation. BOC propelled high-quality development as a strategic partner of China International Fair for Trade in Services The Fifth China International Import Expo (CIIE) took place in Shanghai at a beautiful time when autumn turns into winter. As the sole strategic partner of the CIIE, BOC provided the event with comprehensive financial services for the fifth consecutive year. The Bank hosted trade and investment matchmaking meetings, at which 1, 336 enterprises from 40 countries and regions had 433 rounds of negotiations and reached 338 intentions of cooperation, amounting to over USD6 billion. In collaboration with the International Business Daily of the Ministry of Commerce, China National Seed Association, and other organisations, the Bank held the 2022 Foreign Enterprises ESG and Carbon Peaking & Carbon Neutrality Strategy Summit Forum, the High-end Forum on Development and Cooperation of Seed Industry, and other activities, in an effort to help achieve the dual carbon goal and revitalise the seed industry. Zhou Mengqi, an employee of BOC Shanghai Branch Drawing A Blueprint for Green Development OriginalityBOC serves as a guardian of clear waterBOC serves as a guardian of clear water In 2022, BOC worked to safeguard the clear water and lush mountains with ingenuity. BOC supported the riverfront ecological environment enhancement project in Jiayu County, Xianning City, Hubei Province, helping to create the most beautiful Yangtze River shoreline demonstration site and guarding the mighty flow of the Yangtze River eastward. The report of the 20th National Congress of the CPC pointed out that we must uphold and act on the principle that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, and we must remember to maintain harmony between humanity and nature when planning our development. BOC earnestly implemented the decisions and plans of the Party Central Committee, effectively deepened its green development strategy, promoted the healthy and rapid development of green financial business, and integrated the green development concept into risk management and its own operations, contributing its strength to the achievement of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goal. In 2022, BOC adhered to the goal of becoming the first choice for green financial services, and continued to improve the green financial governance structure, strengthen the policy system and ESG risk management mechanism to serve the green development by focusing on its main responsibility of providing financial services to the real economy and promoting high-quality development. The Bank continuously enriched its products and services, and worked to achieve high-quality development of green financial products and services by leveraging its advantages in globalised and integrated operation. Upholding the concept of promoting development through innovation and pursuing win-win cooperation, BOC actively participated in global climate governance, strengthened green financial capacity building, and joined hands with all stakeholders to promote ecological harmony. The Bank effectively integrated the green concept into the whole process of its own operation and helped boost the organic unification and coordinated development of economic, environmental and social benefits. By the end of 2022, the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (according to CBIRC standard) was equivalent to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, up 41. 08 year-on-year; A total of RMB87. 7 billion equivalent green bonds were issued at home and abroad in 2022, ranking first in Bloomberg s Global Offshore Green Bonds list of among Chinese banks; RMB453. 9 billion of domestic and overseas green bonds were underwritten, ahead of Chinese enterprises listed on the Global Offshore Green Bond by Bloomberg. From 2019 to 2022, the total energy consumption of the whole Group reduced by 4. 86 and the direct GHG emissions volume decreased by 15. 58. Performance Highlights Total water consumption (m ) Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million) 2021 2022358, 887 322, 614322, 614 2022 2021 3. 96 The data only covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing Total office paper consumption (tons) The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million) 202263. 463. 4 202165. 1877877 2022 2021155 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (tons) 2022 202188. 14 70. 7370. 73 20214, 5394, 539 20222, 815 6. 976. 97 49 48 Optimising the Green Governance Policy BOC gives full play to the organisational management role of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the field of green finance, maintains the three-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and professional teams. The Board of Directors (or its special committee) is responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan as well as the green finance targets set by the Senior Management and the green finance reports submitted by it. At the same time, it also supervises and evaluates the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. The Green Finance Committee is responsible for the overall management and professional decision-making of the Group s green financial work, and is chaired by the bank leader in charge of the risk management department. In 2022, BOC has further improved the personnel appraisal mechanism for green finance, by setting up appraisal targets with the same direction, standard, goal and pressure level for the Head Office departments, domestic branches, overseas branches, and comprehensive operation companies to cover management requirements for many areas such as business development, ESG risk management, and personal performance. Meanwhile, we introduced green finance indicators to the senior management personnel appraisal and linked appraisal results with salary distribution. It also formulated nearly 10 credit policies for green industries such as water governance, hydrogen energy, and wind power generation, providing detailed guidance in terms of customer access criteria and credit granting strategies. On the premise of effective risk prevention, the Bank shall channel resources to the green industries on the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries. At the same time, the Bank shall optimize the structure of assets allocated to brown industries, promote production capacity replacement, green transition, and technology upgrading, and get resources concentrated in key areas of advanced capacity, low power consumption of output per unit, technology upgrading and transformation, safe, green, intelligent and efficient operation, etc. In terms of social risks, focus shall be put on checking whether the slaughtering process complies with norms for humane slaughters and respects religious and folk customs. Crop seed industry Customers that have triggered severe environmental accidents, face significant environmental and social risks, and fail to comply with quality control, environmental protection, and other policies provisions of the international crop seed industry shall be included in the category of exit customers. Edible vegetable oil processing, grain processing, dairy and other industries The Bank shall decrease and terminate cooperations with customers who have been inspected by authorized departments or exposed by the media as having major malpractices in food safety, operational and environmental protection. Steel and copper industries Support shall be focused on projects in line with capacity replacement, energy consumption reduction, process optimization, intelligent transformation, green transformation, ultra-low emissions, and gradually withdraw from projects with backward technology and equipment, unqualified product, substandard energy consumption and emissions, and backward production capacity. Aluminum rolling and processing industry Support shall not be provided to projects with significant environmental and social risk potential. Electrolytic aluminum industry Customers must use environmentally friendly large pre- baked electrolyzer technology with high efficiency and low consumption, and shall not use equipment and technology prohibited or eliminated by the state. Petroleum refining industry the Bank shall strictly implement the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects with Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019), as well as pollution discharge-related policies and systems. Natural gas industry The environmental impact assessment documents of large-scale natural gas projects that may have a significant impact on the environment shall be approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People s Republic of China through prescribed procedures. BOC shall adopt strict management and control measures on new coal mining and coal power projects outside China. Intensifying the Management of ESG Risks of Customers BOC identifies and analyses the transmission paths and impacts of climate risk to its key risks such as credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk, country risk, and IT risk from the perspectives of physical risk and transition risk, taking into account the definition and classification of climate risk by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Network of Central Banks and Regulators for Greening the Financial System (NGFS). Meanwhile, it conducted thematic training for relevant account managers and risk managers across the Bank. Comprehensive operation companies formulated their policies related to ESG risk management, covering investment banking, insurance, funds, leasing, wealth management, and investment, among other business areas. BOC classifies customers into three categories, that is, A, B and C, given many factors such as their potential environmental (climate) and social risks, industries to which they belong, and their stage of development, and labels them in the initiator end of relevant business management system; the Bank conducts regular re-examination of the classification and timely updated in the system in case of unexpected events causing changes in rating. Risk Management ProcessRisk Management Process Risk identificationRisk identification Risk measurementRisk measurement 55 54 Customer ESG assessment system of BOC Fund Climate scenario analysis model Climate scenario analysis model With reference to the NGFS scenario, a top-down approach is adopted to analyse how changes in customers financial data under different climate scenarios could impact the Bank. Test results Test results Customers in the eight carbon-intensive industries see their repayment ability declining to varying extents under the stress scenarios. As a result, credit rating downgrades follow, but risks remain under control overall. The Bank calculates the absolute rates of change in loss caused by the physical risk that Bangladesh would suffer due to typhoons and floods under the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change s (IPCC) high carbon emission scenario (RCP8. 5), to obtain the impact of climate physical risk on the value of collateral. The absolute rate of loss caused by typhoons in Bangladesh would range from 0. 57 -0. 67 over the period 2020-2050. The absolute rate of loss caused by floods in Bangladesh would range from 2. 63 -3. 22 over the period 2020- 2050. Transition riskTransition risk Physical risk Physical risk (Taking BOC Singapore Branch s analysis of Bangladesh s power sector as an example)(Taking BOC Singapore Branch s analysis of Bangladesh s power sector as an example) The Bank adds environmental (climate), social, and corporate governance (ESG) risk-related factors to the relevant modules of its internal rating model, explores running the ESG assessment model on a trial basis, and assesses the ESG risk conditions of customers and their projects as well as the resulting business impacts, thus further building up its ability to manage ESG risks. In order to effectively prevent ESG risks arising from our business, BOC increases its due diligence and credit approval efforts to improve ESG risk prevention and control capabilities. Due diligence on customers projects shall be conducted from the following 13 dimensions Risk assessment and management system Labour and working conditions Pollution prevention and control Biodiversity conservation and sustainable management of natural resources Carbon footprint management Community health and safety Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Respect for cultures and customs of indigenous peoples and ethnic minorities Cultural heritage protection Explosives and chemicals management ESG risk management along supply chains Organisational framework and operational management Financial management and risk management Approval process shall be terminated for the customers (projects) that don t undergo due diligence on ESG risks. In case of any disagreement, they may ask customer relationship departments to reassess or adjust related results. For the customers (projects) that may have significant impacts on social stability and public interest, they shall conduct adequate assessment of the ESG risks associated with them. As to the customers committing serious violations of laws and regulations and incurring material risks in the ESG field, they shall strictly restrict credits granted to or investment made in them. Due diligenceDue diligence (Customer relationship departments)(Customer relationship departments) Credit approval Credit approval (Business review and approval departments)(Business review and approval departments)Risk assessmentRisk assessment Scenario analysisScenario analysis 56Risk monitoringRisk monitoring Periodic reportsPeriodic reports BOC regularly monitors the risk exposure to the brown industries and its share given the preset portfolio and industry- level indicators, and sends the assessment results to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors through the group-wide risk report. Meanwhile, it incorporates ESG-related content into the scope of internal control and compliance inspections, and carried out regular reviews of green loan data to effectively reduce the greenwashing risk. Risk early warning Risk early warning For customers and projects in industries and areas identified by the national environmental protection and production safety departments as being in violation of laws and regulations, internal risk alerts or risk warnings shall be issued. Risk level Risk level The Bank divides ESG risk events into four levels general, large, severe, and particularly severe according to work safety accidents or sudden environmental events. For the ESG risk events triggered by customers, the relevant entities are required to immediately activate the contingency plan and deal with such events appropriately. Risk response Risk response For a large ESG risk event, the relevant entity shall report the situation to the Head Office within one working day of being informed of the event. For a severe or particularly severe risk event, the relevant entity shall orally report the event to the Head Office within one hour of being informed of the event. Accelerated reporting is allowed in emergency situations. A formal report shall be subsequently presented as required. BOC shall regularly update the group-wide risk reports, comprehensively screens material ESG risk matters, reports relevant findings to the management in a timely manner, and analyses ESG risks. When customers trigger severe ESG risk events, the Bank shall urge the customers concerned to take corresponding risk disposal measures and report the possible consequences of such events in a timely manner. Risk monitoring and reportingRisk monitoring and reporting For industries with high ESG risk, such as steel, cement, electrolytic aluminum and coal chemical, BOC makes it clear that credit approval under specific conditions shall be granted by the Head Office department. The Bank expands authorisation support for green-related industries in the positive growth category, delegates credit approval authority for photovoltaic industries to lower departments, and raises that for some industries such as coking. BOC pays close attention to the impact that its customers cause on the ecosystem in their business activities, strictly complies with the laws, regulations, and rules on the protection of biodiversity, and prohibits the provision of credit support for acts that seriously damage biodiversity. For controversial projects, after making sure their compliance with the laws and regulations in the countries regions where they are located, the Bank will extensively solicit the suggestions of professional assessment agencies, residents, media, and non-profit environmental protection organisations, among other stakeholders, prudently assess the environmental and social risks and nail down credit strategies, and urge related enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake ecological protection and restoration obligations. BOC incorporates clear biodiversity protection requirements into the credit policy of key industries such as wind power generation, pumped storage and coal, as part of its efforts to safeguard the boundary of natural ecological protection as well as the national ecological safety. Moreover, BOC follows the one-ballot veto rule for environmental protection. For the enterprises projects that are found to go against national policies and regulatory requirements, fail to meet environmental protection standards, and have significant environmental and climate risks; destroy critical habitats, important biodiversity areas and national nature reserves; illegally log, fish and poach wildlife; blindly expand oil palm plantations leading to deforestation; and illegally occupy and destroy forest lands, the Bank requires not providing credit or investment support for these corporate customers or their projects; as to the existing business relations, it shall urge related customers to make rectifications and take effective measures to mitigate risks; and if rectifications are impossible, it shall exit from the business relations with such customers as soon as possible. BOC actively supports the customers and projects that meet biodiversity requirements and obtain international forestry sustainability certification; lists no illegal logging of natural forests, damage to biodiversity, poaching of wildlife, etc. as one of the customer access criteria; reviews the environmental assessments of forestry projects; pays great attention to the environmental and social transition risks and reputational risks of forestry projects, supports forestry projects that have passed FSC PEFC CFCC certification, and does not support the plantation forests that are built at the expense of illegal logging of natural forests, and indicates that the state-certified voluntary emission reductions in the category of forestry carbon sinks that meet the criteria can be included in the scope of collateral and pledge. By the end of 2022, BOC s green credit balance in the Chinese mainland (by the CBIRC standard) equated to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, a year-on- year increase of 41. 08, with a non-performing ratio of less than 0. 5. Relying on its One Mainstay, Two Engines strategy, BOC propels the Chinese society toward low- carbon transition and ecological progress through financial strength. Green credits grew fastGreen credits grew fast BOC Green Financial Product and Service Supermarket BOC supports enterprises with green nance BOC helps retail customers live a green and low-carbon life BOC actively responds to investors green demandsBOC helps customers manage green liquidity and green assets BOC helps keep customers on course with diversi ed green nancial servicesGreen xed asset loans Green project upfront loan Green loans and sustainability-linked loans meeting international standards CEA-backed nancing Green interests-backed loan Renewables subsidy-backed loanGreen M&A loan Green inclusive special creditGreen credit for rural banking Green factoring Green bond investment Green deposit Green enterpeise cash management Green corporate stock underwriting Green equity investment Green industry risks insurance Personal green mortgage loanGreen nancial advisory service Green custodyGreen Blue bond issua nce Sustainability re-linked bond issuanceGreen indicesCarbon market settlement BOC E-commerce Personal green business loanPersonal green credit card installment plan for new energy vehiclesPersonal green and low- carbon themed credit cardCarbon trade margin custodyGreen environmental pollution risk InsuranceGreen transport insuranceGreen finance leasing Energy-efficeint aircraft leasingGreen bond underwriting Green ABSESG Fund Green Fund Green themed wealth management products Green loans Green inclusive nance Green trade nance Green bond investment Green liquidity management Green asset management Green bond underwriting Green stock underwriting Green equity investment Green leasing Green insurance Green carbon market Green advisory Green bond issuance Green custody Green capital market sales Green consumer credit Green personal business loan BOC Green Financial Product and Service Supermarket IssuanceIssuance UnderwritingUnderwriting InvestmentInvestment BOC vigorously develops green bond business. It provides a new engine for China s green, low-carbon development by issuing, underwriting and investing in green bonds. Throughout the year, the Bank issued RMB73. 511 billion loans in carbon emission reduction and RMB16. 361 billion loans for clean and efficient utilisation of coal. Since the establishment of the two relending tools, the total amount of loans granted through the tools was RMB78. 009 billion. The BOC Smart Chain - Green Chain brand was launched, covering various services such as carbon emission reduction bill rediscounting and settlements of the carbon emission quota and the CCER trading volume, while promoting more active and effective carbon reduction actions by core enterprises in cooperation with their upstream and downstream partners along the industry chain. BOC Beijing Branch followed the principle of biodiversity conservation and supported the green building construction and ecological environment protection restoration project in the Yanqing Area of Beijing Winter Olympic Games as the leading bank in syndicated loans. Green initiatives - Green credits The BOC Smart Chain - Green Chain brand Green bonds continued to lead the marketGreen bonds continued to lead the market A total of RMB87. 7 billion equivalent green bonds were issued overseas in 2022, ranking first among Chinese green bond issuers. The Bank helped various institutions issue bonds. The amount of domestic and overseas green bonds underwritten in 2022 reached RMB259. 529 million and USD28, 985 million respectively, ranking first among Chinese institutions on Bloomberg s ranking of the world s offshore green bonds. While continuously and vigorously promoting green bond investments in its RMB portfolio, the Bank ensured the quality and efficiency of green bond investments through meticulous pre-investment preparation, strict in-process risk control, and continuous post-investment monitoring, ranking first on NAFMII s list of investors with green bonds in 2022. 61 60 BOC s green bonds under the Common Ground Taxonomy (Updated Version) win IFF s Global Green Finance Award - Innovation Award Green initiatives - Green bonds The Bank issued the first US dollar-denominated biodiversity-themed green bond for global financial institutions in Europe. The Bank issued the world s first green bond based on the Common Ground Taxonomy (updated version). The Bank, as a joint lead underwriter, helped China International Marine Container (Group) Co., Ltd. issued the first blue bond in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Interbank Market. As a joint lead underwriter, the Bank represented Huaneng Lancang River Hydropower Inc. to issue China s first Sustainability-linked Rural Revitalisation-themed Carbon Neutral green perpetual medium-term note in the interbank market, with the proceeds earmarked for the Yangtze River protection, clean energy, and green projects with significant carbon emission reduction benefits, and other projects significantly effective in carbon emission reduction. As the lead underwriter and bookrunner, the Bank assisted the Hungariangovernmentin successfully issuing RMB2 billion of green sovereign Panda bonds. It is the first green bond issued by a foreign sovereign issuer in China since the official release of the China Green Bond Principles. Green personal business continued to growGreen personal business continued to grow Selling ESG-themed wealth management products by proxySelling ESG-themed wealth management products by proxyRolling out installment programmes for new energy vehiclesRolling out installment programmes for new energy vehicles Since 2021, the Bank launched a string of ESG-themed investment products in various types such as fixed income, fixed income enhanced, hybrid, and holding period. By the end of 2022, it sold 217 ESG-themed investment products to customers by proxy, with an outstanding volume of over RMB40 billion. BOC reached cooperation with mainstream new energy vehicle (NEV) brands in the market to drive green consumption by giving service charge discounts. The Bank joined hands with key NEV manufacturers to carry out various promotional activities such as test drives. A series of online promotional activities such as BOC Sharing Car Green Travel was introduced to create a special brand of NEV installment services. Green initiatives - Globalisation BOC Singapore Branch participated as the lead bank in the sustainability-linked syndicated loan for Lendlease Global Commercial REIT, which is the largest sustainability-linked loan in the Asian REIT market. BOC Sydney Branch launched the multi-currency green deposit scheme (including RMB) that could comply with the Common Ground Taxonomy, a joint initiative of China and the European Union, and participated in the largest ESG-linked loan project financing in Asia Pacific. It was the first project in the region to convert a thermal water desalination plant into a greenfield reverse osmosis facility. BOC actively supports green and low-carbon industries worldwide, leveraging its superior financial services and businesses to promote sustainable development in places where it operates. The credit card is a digital card that identifies green and low-carbon transactions using the personal consumption behaviour data in UnionPay s transaction system. BOC Shanghai Branch upgraded its Green Account Debit Card to Green, Low-carbon Card, creating the industry s first debit card in the waste sorting low carbon concept, which would also support the functions of the government s green account platform. BOC Qinghai Branch innovated and launched personal green accounts, built an account equity framework, and promoted the concept of low-carbon and environmentally friendly lifestyle, in a way to continuously store and add value to the ecological protection endeavor of Qinghai. By the end of 2022, the total number of customers applied for green, low-carbon debit cards reached 1, 156 thousand across the Bank. By the end of 2022, BOC Insurance developed a total of 85 green insurance products, assuming insurance liabilities of RMB165. 6 billion. As at the end of 2022, the investment balance of BOC Asset Investment in green industries stood at RMB28, 599 million, accounting for over 38. 23 of its investment portfolio. BOCG Investment invested 4 green projects in 2022, with the amount of HKD3. 3 billion. BOCIM developed 17 green and ESG mutual fund products under the three categories of low-carbon and green development concept funds, social responsibility funds and ESG concept themed funds, achieving a scale of RMB16. 0 billion. BOCHK cooperated with S&P Dow Jones Indices and launched the first climate transition index covering listed companies in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Focused on the requirements of national strategies for economic restructuring and industrial development, BOC gives full play to its advantages in integrated operation and uses various financial instruments such as equity, bond, investment, funds and asset management to provide green industries with a variety of financial services. The Pilot Program of UK-China The Pilot Program of UK-China Climate and Environmental Climate and Environmental Information DisclosureInformation Disclosure Conducting disclosure and in- group communication as required by the pilot program. ISO TC322ISO TC322 Participating in the development of ISO standards related to sustainable finance. To date, the Bank has signed or participated in more than 10 green and ESG-related initiatives and organisations, contributing its wisdom and solutions to climate change response. President Liu Jin attended via video link the 19th IFF Annual Conference and delivered a keynote speech on Promoting Development of and Cooperation on Green Finance. Collaboration and CommunicationCollaboration and Communication 65 64 BOC keeps building green finance teams with intensified efforts, draws on advanced experiences at home and abroad to train professionals in green finance, and carries out a series of research on green finance to increase the comprehension of green finance-related issues, thus getting intellectually ready for green development. In 2022, BOC released the Green Action Initiative for Employees of Bank of China and the Green Action guidelines of Bank of China to fully implement the green development philosophy, and help achieve the goals of peaking carbon emission and carbon neutrality. In addition, BOC has been actively involved in the communities in which it operates, taking the initiative to participate in public benefit activities such as reforestation and animal protection, which are closely related to making ecological progress. Activities was carried out, which included the training on green finance for the Board of Directors, the green finance day for all employees, and the training course on introducing green finance policies and products. Innovation competitions, labour competitions, business competitions, award-winner selections, and other forms of activities were held, so that employees could build up their abilities and skills with respect to green finance through continuous learning and training. A number of staff members of BOC London Branch and Paris Branch received the Green and Sustainable Finance Certificate by the Chartered Banker Institute (CBI). Branches institutions in London, New York, Paris, Sydney, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, and other places at home and abroad created publications on green finance, ESG, and other themes to communicate and exchange views on the latest industry developments. In the process, the Bank gradually changed from a participant in green finance to a standard formulator. Green initiatives - Awareness enhancement The Head Office launched resource-saving initiatives by pasting energy-saving posters at the entrance of the cafeteria and other venues, and putting up water-saving slogans in restrooms, pantries, and other areas. In 2022, the office areas of the Head Office were awarded three stars in the Model Units in Promoting Green Office Activities organised by the Beijing Social Enterprise Quality Association, Beijing Society of Energy, and Beijing Society for Environmental Science. BOC Qinghai Branch actively explored new measures to facilitate environmental protection and ecological management. BOC (Malaysia) procured eco-friendly reusable lunch boxes for its staff, as a move to advocate a low- carbon and healthy lifestyle. BOC (Malaysia) staff takes part in a beach cleanup organised by the China Enterprises Chamber of Commerce in Malaysia BOC actively organised and participated in a wide array of green ESG-related exchange events to express its professional views and insights on green finance at various important activities and share opportunities presented by green finance with the world, which included COP27, the Part Two of the 15th Meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15), the APEC Business Advisory Council (ABAC), the Asia-Pacific Financial Forum Sustainable Financial Development Network (SFDN) Roundtable, and the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2022. 67 66 1 BOC Wealth Management made its operations carbon neutral in 2021, and had an independent assurance report issued by a relevant agency. BOC Aviation became 100 carbon neutral in direct emissions (including emissions from employees air travel) in 2021. Promoting Low-carbon and Eco-friendly Operations BOC pays close attention to and monitors the energy and other resources consumed in its own operations, implements the Action Plan of Bank of China to achieve the Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Goal, and incorporates green concepts into all aspects of its daily operations. Green outletsGreen outlets The Green Outlets Building Specifications of Bank of China (Trial) was formulated to set out requirements for building green outlets in terms of site selection, interior environment, decoration, resource use, etc. green finance outlets were established. Green servicesGreen services Green lobbies were created, where smart LED screens were installed to support the unified release of publicity information in outlets and intelligent display. Green officeGreen office Offices went paperless by making full use of teleconferencing and videoconferencing systems to reduce conference travel emissions. A total of 3, 258 video conferences were held by the Head Office and facilities in Beijing throughout the year. Energy efficient renovation was made to major buildings of the Bank such as the Head Office Building, BOCHK, London Branch, Shanghai Branch, and Suzhou Branch. Boc Wealth Management, BOC Aviation Leasing, and other comprehensive operation companies continued green operations after achieving operationa carbon neutrality1 in 2021. BOCI developed a low-carbon action plan along with corresponding emission reduction pathways and measures. BOC Shenzhen Branch formulated a carbon neutral programme and three-year action plan. Green procurementGreen procurement Suppliers are inspected in terms of commitment to environmental protection, environmental equipment and measures, etc., and inspection results are considered in the evaluation process. The Green Procurement label is required in centralised procurement projects. Green data centresGreen data centres To implement the requirements put forth in the national campaign of channeling computing resources from the east to the west and the requirements for building green data centres, BOC fully considered green and energy-saving measures in constructing new data centres in in Inner Mongolia and Hefei. In March 2022, the BOC Hefei Cloud Computing Base project was rated one of the 2021 National Green Data Centres by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce, the National Government Offices Administration, CBIRC and the National Energy Administration. BOC strengthens energy conservation and consumption reduction management to reduce energy losses and improve energy efficiency in office activities, which involves water, electricity, paper, and oil. In 2022, the Bank consumed 13. 5356 million cubic meters of water and 12, 100 tons of office paper, generated 45, 700 tons of waste. Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong has achieved Final Platinum rating under BEAM Plus EB V2. 0 Comprehensive Scheme Green Winter Olympic GamesGreen Winter Olympic Games As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. The Winter Olympics green outlets were built as LEED-certified green buildings. Being the Guardian of Good Living SincerityEvery trivial related to people s wellbeing must be taken carefullyEvery trivial related to people s wellbeing must be taken carefully In 2022, BOC endeavored to safeguard people s good life with sincerity and care. The emergence as the only official banking partner of both the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games embodied the continuation of the dream of BOC. On the snowy white track, the youngsters were skiing to the distance with glowing energy. Remaining committed to the mission of bridging China and the World for the Common Good, BOC firmly observed the task of providing finance services for the people s good and took people s satisfaction as an important work objective, in a way to bring more beauty and convenience to the people and meet people s expectation of a better life through financial innovation. In 2022, focusing on the housing, retirement, education and other issues that are in people s concern with heart and soul, BOC continuously enriched the supply of financial products, adhered to the customer-centric business management philosophy, and devoted itself to providing consumers with more heartfelt and convenient financial services and experience. Adhering to the talent-driven development and the strategy of strengthening the bank with talents, the Bank vigorously strengthened the team building of high-caliber personnels, stimulated the vitality of employees, advanced the cultivation and development of talents by promoting their professional qualifications, provided resources for the growth of employees, so as to enable all bank employees to embrace the opportunity of pursuing self-development. On the basis of actively devoting to the public charity, BOC drove and supported willing and capable enterprises, social organizations and individuals to engage in public charity, pooling the power of charity to build a happy and beautiful society. By the end of 2022, the number of monthly active customers of personal mobile banking reached 76. 2 million; a total of 8, 515 portable smart counters were put in place, and government services were introduced to smart counters in 5, 300 outlets in total. In 2022, all complaints were handled, and the satisfaction rate of individual customers was 90. 9, an increase of 0. 6 percentage points compared with the previous year; the BOC Philanthropy platform enrolled 117 social organizations, with a total of 221 charitable fundraising activities launched and published, raising a total of RMB44, 789, 000 and 682, 600 donations; and provided more than RMB79 million anti-poverty grant funding to the four counties in Xianyang, and purchased and sold RMB187 million of agricultural products in poverty-stricken areas nationwide, as part of its efforts to strongly support local social and economic development. Performance Highlights Coverage of county-level institutions ( ) Balance of loans granted to poverty- stricken areas (RMB100 million) 2020 2021 2022 3, 028. 88 3, 608. 76 Number of ethnic minority employees (persons) Number of customers in mobile banking (in 10, 000) Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)Number of people receiving financial education (in 10, 000) 2020 9, 997 56, 29573, 744 2021 2022 2020 13, 073 2021 13, 260 202213, 4872020 2021 2022 62. 07 62. 5263. 13 2020 2021 2022 21, 055 23, 51825, 4414, 122. 754, 122. 75 2020 2021 2022 40. 63 43. 5544. 12 73 72 Committed to developing finance for the people, BOC keeps innovating financial products and services, takes more initiatives to benefit the people, and prioritises solving the issues of the greatest concern to the people. In other words, the Bank leverages its financial strength to help the people improve the quality of life, meet their growing needs for a better life, and march towards common prosperity. By the end of 2022, the pension funds under the custody of BOC reached RMB170, 243 million; the individual enterprise annuity accounts under the management of BOC numbered 3, 898, 700; and the working capital under pension custody was RMB906, 602 million. Throughout the year, BOCIM issued one more new target-date pension fund, and managed five pension target funds totaling RMB396 million. By the end of 2022, BOC University for the Elderly provided about 480 online courses, and generated over 2 million visits. Education for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual lifeEducation for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual life Grey-hair Map (Version 2. 0) was introduced, which was home to more types of institutions, covering nursing homes, offline universities for the elderly, medical institutions, community cafeterias, featured merchants, and featured outlets, to provide 15-minute door-to-door services. By the end of 2022, 2, 715 institutions of all types became operational, which came from 30 provinces and municipalities. Quality partners were introduced to offer a variety of services such as video medical consultation, online purchase of medicine, family doctor, home care, pension planning, and investor education. By the end of 2022, the silver economy zone accumulated 107. 42 million visits and 4. 66 million users. A special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly servicesA special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly services BOC Pension Cards for silver-haired people and their children Access to HousingAccess to Housing Always adhering to the principle that housing is for living in and not for speculation, BOC has earnestly implemented the requirements of national policies, fully supported the efforts to ensure the delivery of housing projects, people s livelihood, and stability, and taken multiple measures to promote the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Bank signed the Head Office-to-Headquarters Strategic Cooperation Agreements with more than ten real estate enterprises, including Vanke Group and Longfor, to deepen all-round cooperation in key business areas such as real estate development loans, M&A loans, bond underwriting and investment, personal housing loans, and letters of guarantee, with a view to fully meeting the reasonable financing needs of real estate enterprises. M&A financing and other financial means were used to buy time for some real estate enterprises with temporary liquidity difficulties, and close attention was paid to the special financing for ensuring the delivery of housing projects, in a bid to help resolve risks in the real estate industry. BOC formulated special measures to provide corporate credit support for the whole chain of government- subsidised rental housing projects, which consisted of construction, acquisition, renovation, and decoration, as well as the daily operation of rental housing enterprises. It launched the International High Schools in China database on the studying abroad channel of the BOC Cross-border GO app, providing comprehensive, objective, and convenient information for persons planning to study abroad at the undergraduate level. BOC joined hands with the Ministry of Education of the People s Republic of China to carry out a massive online job fair for the third consecutive year. By the end of 2022, a total of nearly 520, 000 jobs were provided in total, of which 310, 000 were offered in 2022. These videos were played for over 8. 5 million times by the end of 2022. ParentsParents BOC upgraded the Campus Pass service to support e-CNY transactions. By the end of 2022, it cooperated with 96 universities on the service. BOC improved the information service platforms in the education industry, brought education and training funds under whole-process online supervision, and got the BOC Intelligent Management System connected with the Ministry of Education s National Comprehensive Service Platform for Out-of-School Tutoring Supervision, to serve the implementation of the national policy for easing the burden of excessive homework and off-campus tutoring for students undergoing compulsory education. BOC and the Ministry of Education jointly launched an action plan for supporting development of vocational education, according to which the two would give in-depth cooperation in nine areas, including campus construction of vocational colleges, IT adoption of vocational colleges, personnel training for modern manufacturing, and national skills competitions for vocational colleges, with a view to promoting the high- quality development of vocational education in China. BOC and the Ministry of Education jointly launched the Future of Smart Education training programme for 10, 000 primary and secondary school principals and heads of education authorities. By the end of 2022, on- site training was provided in 26 places of 13 provinces and municipalities across China, with an attendance of more than 1, 300. Schools and education authoritiesSchools and education authorities Student loans helped young people to pursue their dreams BOC Sichuan Branch launches the Alipay-Life e-CNY online tuition and fee payment scenario at Xihua University BOC Suzhou Branch and Suzhou Institute of Industrial Technology co-launch the first e-CNY campus card hardware wallet for universities in China BOC undertakes national student loans In 2022, while implementing the policy for interest exemption and deferred repayment of national student loans, BOC took into account the migration of graduates and other changes to launch the BOC Student Loan Assistant applet, which allowed students to conveniently apply for deferred repayment of their national student loans over their mobile phone. As one of the first commercial banks to undertake national student loans, BOC has been implementing the national student loan policy with quality and efficient financial services for 23 consecutive years since 1999. By the end of 2022, it disbursed RMB25, 746 million in loans to help more than 1. 8 million economically disadvantaged students complete their studies, contributing to the buoyant development of national education. Convenient Health Insurance ServicesConvenient Health Insurance Services Advocating Healthy LifestylesAdvocating Healthy Lifestyles BOC actively promoted the concept of building China into a beautiful country and a country strong on sports and released the Action Plan of Bank of China for Supporting Sports Development in 2022, thus opening a new chapter of financial support for sports development; the Bank fully supported the establishment of government sports public service platform and promoted the innovative integration of sports finance; the Bank carried out fitness campaign nationwide to promote the high-quality development of the sports industry, worked to build a strong country on sports, and promoted the sharing of healthy lifestyle. BOC builds convenient health insurance service stations BOC intelligent sports service system included sub-systems for sports event management, sports association services, sports welfare consumption and ERP of sports venues, which widely met the core needs of sports authorities and associations at all levels and were implemented in many provinces and cities across China. Financial servicesFinancial services the Bank created several zones for special products such as the credit cards themed with Winter Olympics, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Cards, and the Great Wall Ice and Snow Debit Cards to realize the overlay of basic product benefits and exclusive offers in the zones, so as to enrich customer experience. Non-financial servicesNon-financial services the Bank added venues booking services for table tennis, swimming and other sports under its national fitness campaign, and launched the equipment center to f acilitate customers for the purchasing of sports equipment. Echoing with sports day such as the International Olympic Day and National Fitness Day, the Bank launched a series of national fitness activities to bring the public both inter esting and professional sports and fitness experience. In 2022, a total of 150 activities themed with ice and snow spor ts and national fitness were carried out, registering participation of more than 11, 768, 000 people. By the end of 2022, 26. 69 million mobile banking users of the Bank were authorised medical insurance e-card holders. The Family Consumption Reserve Fund, BOC E-instalment, and other branded services were promoted to meet the diversified consumption needs of the public through the collateral-free and unsecured reserve funds. com, Meituan, and other mainstream payment institutions who would bind their bank cards to their platform accounts, and giving discounts along with platforms and brands such as Tmall, Hema, Sinopec, and Heytea. In 2022, BOC launched an open e-CNY ecosystem, which was built and shared by all sectors of society, such as customers, banks, and third parties. In Hainan, BOC fully exploited the zero-fee advantage of e-CNY to build up the electronic payment and collection capacity for business districts and merchants. Discounts and reduced exempted collection fees were offered to help merchants increase their business income. Meanwhile, the Bank actively participated in Have Fun in Hainan, the first government- sponsored duty-free shopping festival, as well as the e-CNY discount marketing campaigns sponsored by Wenchang, Tunchang, and Qiongzhong governments. The inclusive and secure e-CNY was used to facilitate people s spending. Since the Master Construction Plan for Venues and Support Infrastructure for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022 was published in 2018, BOC have increased loans for the construction of major venues, infrastructure and support facilities for the Winter Olympics, which provided firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. The Bank customized comprehensive financing plans for several venues including National Speed Skating Oval, Big Air Shougang and National Alpine Skiing Centre, provided loans to support the construction of Beijing section of Yanqing- Chongli Expressway, Beijing-Zhangjiakou Intercity Railway and Chongli branch railway, and provided funds for utilities projects for China National Convention Centre Phase II related to the Winter Olympics, which gave firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. By the end of 2022, a total of more than RMB30 billion was granted to high-quality ice and snow projects in more than ten provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, including Beijing, Hebei, Jilin, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang, to promote the construction and renewal of ice and snow stadiums and sports facilities. BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. At the same time, BOC launched a pilot project for e-CNY in Winter Olympics-related scenarios, with digital RMB transactions volume accounting for approximately 45 of the total, which meets the mobile payment needs of domestic and foreign personnels in the Winter Olympics scenario and enhancing the customer payment experience. During the Winter (Paralympic) Games, the Bank s Winter Olympic outlets received a total of 8, 687 institutional and individual customers, processed 500, 000 transactions, and provided foreign language consulting services 307 times through 95566 human customer service hotline. Meanwhile, we opened a foreign currency green channel, according to which overseas individuals, by presenting their Accreditation Card for the Winter Olympics, can exchange foreign currencies rapidly and expediently at our outlets in the three zones, and can enjoy small-sum foreign currency exchange services through self-service exchange machines or hotel-based foreign currency exchange points on a 24-hour basis. Under the guidance of the PBOC, we acted as the sole provider of e-CNY services piloted in the area of the Winter Olympics, providing whole-process services of exchanging, top-up, use and redemption of software and hardware wallets in BOC outlets, contracted hotels and other sites within the area. The Winter lympics- themed hardware wallet (Ice Chip. Snow Band) was the first e-CNY hardware wallet in China. Meanwhile, POS terminals accepting e-CNY were applied in merchants, contracted hotels, designated hospitals at various venues of the Winter Olympics. Clients can make payments through the Scan or Touch functions. We fulfilled the commitments made as a partner of the Winter Olympics, provided services for the Games in Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish and Arabic languages, and further upgraded functions of telephone banking, audio guide and customer service platform to provide specialised, efficient and highquality services to improve the event participants financial service experience. Comprehensive financial servicesComprehensive financial services E-CNY servicesE-CNY services Online customer services during Winter OlympicsOnline customer services during Winter Olympics 83 82 Olympic and Winter Olympic athletes gather at the event on-site of Centenary BOC witnessing glory - Dual Olympic Bank We promote the popularization of winter sports, help more people fulfill their dreams of participating in winter sports, and inspire the general public to contribute to the development of the ice and snow sports industry. Promoting ice and snow sports developmentPromoting ice and snow sports development We launched a series of ski pass, enabling customers to access several top ski resorts in Chongli, Beijing, Jilin and other major skiing areas. This allows skiers to have more skiing options and brings them better and diversified skiing experience. We launched a one-stop winter sports zone to support smart Winter Olympics with FinTech, which covered over 100 ice and snow rinks in China and abroad. We also launched a series of Winter Olympics-related products including ski pass and precious metal products to create a brand featuring ice and snow outdoor services. We held a variety of activities themed with ice and snow such as Centenary BOC witnessing glory - Dual Olympic Bank, Welcome the 20th National Congress, promoting the popularization of ice and snow sports, and organised Bank of China VISA Credit Card Cup Super FixedPoint Skiing Open and National College Curling League etc. We organised Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Tongchuan of Shaanxi, Liupanshui of Guizhou and Dujiangyan of Sichuan, enabling about 2, 000 students nationwide to experience ice and snow sports, have a deep understanding of the Winter Olympics culture, have fun in winter sports, and arouse their enthusiasm for winter sports. Launching ski pass products in an innovative wayLaunching ski pass products in an innovative way Winter sports zone of mobile banking Winter sports zone of mobile banking Organising colourful events themed on ice and snow sportsOrganising colourful events themed on ice and snow sports 85 84 Improving the Customer ExperienceImproving the Customer Experience More considerate servicesMore considerate services BOC has taken the initiative to reduce fees and forgo profits. From February 1, 2022, the Bank abolished the annual fees for personal debit cards and the RMB management fees for small-amount personal demand deposit accounts. A total of 800 products were covered to effectively reduce transaction costs of customers. At the same time, BOC provided featured services for different customer groups, making financial services more inclusive and attentive. Pursuing a customer-centric approach, BOC quickens up its transition to digitalised operation, continuously improves customer experiences, safeguards customers legitimate rights and interests, and raises basic financial literacy among the public. In summary, it strives to be the most caring financial advisor for customers. Customers in counties and rural areasCustomers in counties and rural areas The debit cards themed with new urban residents, new card was launched on a pilot basis; a simple account opening service was unveiled for flexibly employed people. New Card was introduced as a new citizen-themed debit card. New citizens as a customer groupNew citizens as a customer group The elderly version of mobile banking was launched, which supports large-font display for frequently- used functions and on-screen reading for key functions to meet the needs of visually impaired users. Closed cash counters are brought back to outlets to effectively take into account the needs of some elderly customers and other groups for manual counter services. All outlets are equipped with seats and presbyopic glasses, and provided wheelchair accessible passages or alternative services to ensure smooth access to outlets for customers with reduced mobility, such as the elderly and people with disabilities. Vulnerable groupsVulnerable groups The Uyghur version of mobile banking was launched to display frequently used functions such as account view and transfer & remittance in Uyghur, a move aiming to improve the accessibility of financial services in ethnic minority areas. Customers in ethnic minority areasCustomers in ethnic minority areas Elderly customers reading in a space for older people partitioned by BOC Hubei Branch New urban residents enjoy more flexible, convenient and inclusive consumer loans through BOC consumer finance BOC Suzhou Branch sets up a community activity experience centre, a smart senior care technology centre, and an age-friendly retrofitting demonstration centre at Jinchang Senior Care Service Demonstration Site cum the Financial Pioneer Party-mass Service Centre 87 86 The BOC Smart Investment, asset diagnosis service, could render customers with professional and intelligent asset allocation advice. It served 4. 69 million customers in 2022. Relying on the Online Wealth Account platform, BOC intensified investor education and guided customer services. By the end of 2022, 31 financial institutions, including funds, insur ers, bond brokers, and wealth management subsidiaries, joined the platform, posting 10, 971 articles and getting 550, 000 subscribers. BOC improved the standardised service process for financial managers, implemented a code of conduct for financial managers, and ensured that financial managers could provide compliant and professional services while enhancing the customer service experience. The BOC Wealth Management Assistant app was upgraded to create a mobile phone-based customer relationship management system, with a view to building up remote customer service capabilities. As employees were close to the market and customers, BOC selected branch employees to form a team of customer experience specialists, made dynamic adjustments to team members, and helped them sharpen business skills through online qualification certification, business competence assessment, and exchange training programmes. More professional and considerate servicesMore professional and considerate services More intelligent and convenient servicesMore intelligent and convenient services BOC relied on smart operations to advance outlet transformation, provided digital services through mobile banking, and promoted digital outlet management platform. It better conducted outlet management and service through intelligent and digital technologies. In 2022, BOC launched mobile banking version 8. 0, optimised the processes of such functions as management of security tools and online customer service, and created the Payroll Manager function to provide comprehensive wealth management solutions for payroll customers. At the same time, the New Citizen Service Zone was put into services, and the Beautiful Village version of mobile banking was introduced to enrich non-financial scenarios ecosystem and foster a better life service platform closely related to people s livelihood. By the end of 2022, personal mobile banking had over 76. 20 million monthly active customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 7. 26. Mobile banking making a better life within reachProfessional asset allocation servicesProfessional asset allocation services Enhancing the professionalism of financial managersEnhancing the professionalism of financial managers Building a contingent of customer experience specialistsBuilding a contingent of customer experience specialists In 2022, BOC deepened the offline intelligent service ecosystem and promoted the portable smart counters to enhance customer experience with convenient and fast financial services. By the end of 2022, BOC had installed 8, 515 portable smart counters, representing a year-on-year increase of 53. 8. Government affairs services were introduced to smart counters at 5, 300 outlets. Smart counter services covered 60 categories and 305 sub-categories. The card replacement and claiming scenario was launched, so that customers who needed to replace bank cards in bulk claimed and activated their cards quickly. The scope of availability for no-card services at smart counters was expanded, so that Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and foreign customers could scan the QR code for identity authentication through mobile banking, providing customers with a convenient card-free and contactless service experience. The integrated online platform for government affairs services were provided over 4, 612 smart counters at 2, 178 outlets in the Yangtze River Delta. Smart counters for more convenient services 89 88 Protecting Rights and Interests of CustomersProtecting Rights and Interests of Customers BOC attaches great importance to the protection of the rights and interests of financial consumers, always puts the rights and interests of financial consumers in the first place, and incorporates consumer protection into its corporate governance, corporate culture building, and business development strategy. Organisational structureOrganisational structure Institutional developmentInstitutional developmentResource availabilityResource availability The Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee, an arm of the Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing the Bank s consumer protection strategies, policies, objectives, etc., making recommendations to the Board of Directors, and supervising and evaluating the work done in relation to consumer protection. The Consumer Protection Committee, an arm of the Executive Committee, is responsible for coordinating the planning, supervision, and guidance with respect to consumer protection. The Consumer Protection Office, which is a dedicated department for consumer protection, is responsible for implementing the resolutions reached and work requirements put forth by the two committees and leading institutions at all levels to take various consumer protection initiatives. A series of rules and documents on consumer protection, operational policy, performance appraisal, consumer protection review, marketing and publicity, information disclosure, information protection, complaint management, awareness enhancement, and emergency response management was formulated to come up with refined requirements for consumer protection and improve the consumer protection system continuously. The staffing for consumer protection was increased. The establishment of a pool of consumer protection personnel, regular on-the-job training, and other methods were used to turn out consumer protection professionals, while more resources were input. Performance appraisalPerformance appraisal An internal appraisal system for consumer protection was established, to assign weights reasonably, incorporated the internal assessment results into the comprehensive performance appraisal system, human resource management system and accountability system, and gave full play to incentives and constraints. Employee trainingEmployee training Training on consumer protection is conducted on a regular basis, which covers related laws, regulations, and policies, regulatory requirements, and internal documents and deals with a wide range of areas such as complaints management, consumer protection review, information disclosure, marketing campaigns, information protection for personal customers, and awareness enhancement. Training audience consists of middle and senior management, primary-level business personnel, and new employees. The purpose of training is to enhance staff awareness of and capability for consumer protection and to get related work done better. In 2022, consumer protection training courses recorded a total attendance of over 670, 000. A collection of methods such as regular briefings on typical cases, risk alerts and all-employee participation in special tests was used to effectively enhance employees awareness of and capability for information protection compliance. Consumer protection reviewConsumer protection review BOC released the Measures for Managing Consumer Protection of Bank of China Limited and refined the Key Points for Approval of Consumer Protection Appraisal, setting out the reviewed entities, the scope of review, key points of review, and review process, stipulating that in the processes of product service design and development, pricing management, and agreement formulation, aspects of content that may affect consumers shall be assessed and reviewed, which included products and services, rules and policies, agreement texts, pricing standards, and marketing campaigns, and incorporating consumer protection reviews into the risk management and internal control framework. Account managementAccount management Model developmentModel development Police-bank joint actionPolice-bank joint action Security measuresSecurity measures Awareness enhancementAwareness enhancement Strengthening the control and categorised graded management of newly opened accounts, carrying out due diligence on account opening properly, and conducting strict reviews on the opening of non-counter payment services. Launching a 100-day campaign in which the Bank worked with police to crack down on telecom fraud, as part of the efforts to assist public security authorities in comprehensively addressing the stark problems of the black and gray industries. Customer complaints and satisfaction managementCustomer complaints and satisfaction management In 2022, BOC further implemented the Customer Complaints Management Measures of Bank of China Limited to strengthen complaint management efforts. BOC listens carefully to the voice of customers, uses customer feedback as a guide, and forms a closed-loop workflow that consists of collection, analysis, evaluation, and improvement. The Bank also invites third-party professional research agencies to conduct customer satisfaction surveys every year, in the hope of fully understanding how customers evaluate its financial products and services. In 2022, the Bank s overall consumer satisfaction rate went up by 0. 6 percentage point from last year to 90. 9. Verifying the matter complained about with a person who has no direct interest in the matter, ensuring that there is no direct interest between the complainant and the person handling the complaint, and protecting customers as complainants from retaliation. Focusing on areas where customer complaints were concentrated, assembling a list of issues to be corrected, and reducing customer complaints from the business end. The above three types of complaints accounted for 82. 6 of the total. Focusing on key groups such as the elderly, people with disabilities, young people, and new citizens, the Bank has adopted a combination of online and offline means to carry out differentiated education and publicity activities, advance intensive awareness-raising efforts on regulatory themes and regular financial literacy measures, and help customers comprehend financial products and services correctly, thus enhancing the financial literacy of the public and helping the people to raise their awareness of financial health. In 2022, BOC conducted 56, 000 consumer protection awareness activities, which covered 737 million consumers, and the original promotional scripts released through online channels generated 179, 442, 400 views. A series of awareness-raising activities were carried out, which included the March 15 Consumer Protection Awareness Week, Protecting Your Money & Popularizing Financial Knowledge, and Financial Knowledge Popularisation Month. Online channels such as the official website, WeChat public account, video account, Weibo, and TikTok were used to create a cloud-based financial literacy platform that could integrate web articles, long posters, short videos, and other widely beloved media forms. OfflineOffline OnlineOnline New citizensNew citizens Financial literacy zones were set up for new citizens at some outlets. At the same time, outlet staff went to construction sites, enterprises, and business districts, where awareness-raising activities were carried out for groups such as migrant workers, deliverymen, doorkeepers security personnel, and small and micro business owners, to explain the risks of common illegal financial activities and help new citizens enhance their a wareness of risk prevention and rights protection. The elderlyThe elderly BOC provided financial literacy instruction for elderly customers visiting its business outlets, and organised special lectures, knowledge quizzes, and other activities at venues frequently visited by the elderly such as nursing homes and senior citizen universities, all of which were intended to popularise the concepts of rational investment and anti-fraud knowledge and enhance the awareness of fraud prevention and self-protection among elderly consumers. Promoting Financial LiteracyPromoting Financial Literacy StudentsStudents Focused on areas closely related to young people, especially school students, such as rational spending, reasonable borrowing, and payment security, BOC conducted on-campus financial literacy activities to guide students to rationally choose and correctly use financial products and services, enhance their ability to detect financial fraud, and establish a rational view of consumption. People with disabilitiesPeople with disabilities BOC collaborated with special education establishments to carry out financial literacy activities, where language interpreters were present and access manuals were distributed, to help people with disabilities using smart technology in the financial sector. BOC Guangxi Branch carries out financial literacy activities in communities 4-5BOC Beijing Branch sends volunteers to a construction site for financial literacy instruction 1 2 BOC Beijing Branch sends volunteers to provide financial literacy instruction for food deliverymen 3 BOC Hubei Branch carries out the Protecting Your Money financial literacy campaign at a plant area 1 2 3 4 5 1 BOC Beijing Branch visits Beijing Normal University, University of Science and Technology Beijing, Beijing Jiaotong University, and other universities to promote financial literacy among student groups 2 BOC Guangdong Branch conducts the telecom fraud prevention awareness campaign at Zhuhai Fifth Primary School 3 BOC Hubei Branch staff gives a lively financial course to children who stay behind in an area receiving its targeted assistance 4 BOC Shandong Branch creates an experimental base for financial education for special groups and conducts an activity to experience a barrier-free environment 1 2 3 4 95 94 BOC is committed to the strategy for building prosperity through talent building, works hard to recruit a workforce capable of taking on important responsibilities, and makes it a mission to attract, train, retain, and care for talents, so as to develop into a stage for quality talents to play their role and promote quality-oriented development with high-caliber staff. Pursuing A People-oriented Approach Talent Attraction and RetentionTalent Attraction and Retention Focused on its strategic development needs, BOC works harder to attract quality talents, and provides employees with smooth career development paths, allowing them to feel and act as owners. It never deems gender, ethnicity, religion, family status, physical illness, or other factors as recruitment and employment criteria. BOC has implemented the strategy of prioritising employment and proactively expanded the scale of recruitment. In 2022, the Bank cooperated with universities to conduct campus recruitment fairs, strengthened online promotion efforts, optimised written tests and interview sessions, and created a great candidate experience in an effort to attract more quality talents. Through the autumn recruitment, spring recruitment, and internship recruitment in 2022, which started in September 2021, the Bank created a total of 11, 000 jobs. By the end of 2022, 12, 100 graduates were actually hired by the Bank. Vacancy releaseVacancy release Strictly reviewing the terms of recruitment and promptly removing modifying expressions that may lead to discriminatory misunderstandings. Recruitment and appointmentRecruitment and appointment Strictly verifying the recruitment results to eliminate discriminatory and other irregularities. Internal promotion and selectionInternal promotion and selection Candidates are assessed and selected given their competencies and performance in accordance with the Recruitment and Appointment Management Measures (Version 2020). Talent retentionTalent retention BOC strengthens the lifecycle management of talent career development, forms a hierarchy of talents at all levels and in all fields, builds a career development platform attractive to employees, and provides remuneration and benefits that match well with what employees can do. It has devised early warning criteria, prompts institutions with high or fluctuating turnover rates to analyse the causes thereof in a timely manner and develop talent retention measures. Performance appraisalPerformance appraisal An employee performance management system was established, through which various methods such as KPI (Key Performance Indicators), OKR (Objectives and Key Results), and 360-degree evaluation could be used to carry out process management measures such as performance objectives and planning, tutoring and communication, appraisal and feedback, and rewarding and improvement following the basic principles of equal emphasis on incentives and disincentives, objectivity, fairness and impartiality, timeliness, accuracy and reasonableness, and strict compliance with the law. The annual appraisal is complemented by both longer and shorter terms of appraisal. Employees of all levels and categories are guided to establish a correct view of performance, enhance their recognition of corporate culture, and improve their professional competence and skills. The appraisal results are fed back to staff in an appropriate form and applied to various fields such as salary distribution, promotion, training and development, and awarding. Salary managementSalary management Employee remuneration consists of basic pay, performance-related pay, and benefits. Base pay depends on the job value and an employee s duty performance ability. Performance-related pay depends on the performance assessment results of the Group, the institution or department with which the employee is affiliated, and the employee himself herself. The Bank defers payment of over 40 of performance-related pay to personnel who take significant risks and assume risk management duties. The deferred payment usually lasts for three years at least. Employee engagement surveyEmployee engagement survey An employee engagement survey mechanism was established, to understand employees recognition of the corporate culture, management mechanisms, and working environment. Employees of various institutions at all levels would give their scores online anonymously. In 2022, the survey covers approximately 30, 000 people. In 2022, BOC formulated the Talent Development Programme for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and the Education and Training Programme for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, both of which systematically planned the training of employees across the Bank. Centred on the strategic tasks set out in the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China and targeted at all employees, especially those working at the primary level, the Bank increased investment in resources, innovated talent training models and materials, improved online learning platforms, and enhanced professional training capabilities, shaping a culture of all-employee learning. In the process, it could help employees grow, while better responding to and solving business problems. Personnel Training and DevelopmentPersonnel Training and Development 97 96 Diversifying training programmesDiversifying training programmes BOC continues to improve its system of internal training programmes. To date, a comprehensive set of well-functioning internal training programmes have taken shape to meet the development needs of staff at different levels and in different business lines. Party school training Daily business training Training on job qualification and capacity building Training on strategic key notes Personnel development training System of internal training programmes Objective Dimension Deepening the leading role of Party building Solving business problems Promoting employee developmentDeliver a better performance in the period Promote strategic development New employeesNew employees Online and offline training programmes were provided for new employees recruited by the Head Office from fresh graduates in 2022; The New Employee Development Community activity was launched for new employees in the branches and integrated operation companies to clear up their job confusions during on-duty period, and the Young Employee Development Community activity was carried out within the jurisdiction to improve their capability weakness in digital transformation to advance their rapid growth. A total of 57 recommended courses in the new employee training series were developed throughout 2022. A boat race in the training programmes for accelerated leadership reform Employees in professional positionsEmployees in professional positions Training was intensified for high-caliber leading personnel, financial technology (FinTech) personnel, personnel proficient in globalised and integrated operations, and professional financial personnel, and a diversity of training programmes were rolled out around key business fields such as the eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, digitalised innovation, customer service, and risk management. The 2022 Plan to Bring Professional Sequences Online was formulated to continuously promote the development of professional qualification training system and the improvement of a curriculum system and examination database. Managerial personnelManagerial personnel For primary-level managerial personnel, training, exchange and mutual learning programmes for outlet heads were implemented to improve their comprehensive management capabilities. The training programmes for accelerated leadership reform were launched to develop innovative thinking among managers and enhance the management s ability to drive change. These programmes trained 80 senior managers, 980 middle managers, 197 junior managers, and 2, 000 well-performing employees throughout 2022. An online training course for new middle managers called Stimulate Vitality to Take Missions and Responsibilities was organised to help 44 new middle managers accelerate their role transition. All employeesAll employees BOC Grand LectureBOC Grand Lecture Five sessions were held throughout the year, where renowned experts and scholars were invited to give lectures and share their views on macro-economics, international politics, and other domains, with a total of about 30, 000 employees attending the courses. Third Staff Learning DayThird Staff Learning Day Diverse learning activities such as roundtable forums, course displays, and Q&A sessions took place, attracting the attendance of more than 90, 000 employees at home and abroad and registering more than one million viewers of learning videos. ESG training in BOC (New Zealand) In March 2022, the BOC training cloud platform launched the Tree of Knowledge in Eight Priority Areas for Enhancing Financial Service Capability column (hereinafter referred to as the column ), which consists of five sections, i. e. courses, classes, quizzes, live-streaming, and Q&A sessions. Centred on empowering learners and supporting business development, the column brings together learning resources in eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities such as the cases, teaching materials, courses, and micro-courses. The column has effectively expanded the reach of training, allowing primary-level staff to access high-quality learning resources in a real-time and convenient manner through keyword search and online knowledge labels. In addition, the column is linked to external partners such as government departments, universities, and consultancies, thus setting up a knowledge sharing platform. By the end of 2022, the column uploaded 1, 815 courses, live-streamed 55 courses, and gave 210 quizzes. Tree of Knowledge in Eight Priority Areas for Enhancing Financial Service Capability column 99 98Optimising online training platformsOptimising online training platforms Building a stronger teaching forceBuilding a stronger teaching force Supporting employees in learning after workSupporting employees in learning after work BOC has vigorously promoted the construction of online learning platforms. The BOC Training online learning platform launched more than 42, 000 courses, and provided more than 9, 500 online training sessions, with a daily average of more than 43, 000 users online. BOC advocates and encourages self-learning among staff, provides necessary resources and financial support for after- work learning of all employees (including regular and dispatched employees), relies on online platforms to procure books and learning materials, and re-examines the scope of fully reimbursable professional qualifications, which could cover a wide range of fields such as finance, accounting, risk compliance, IT, comprehensive management, and foreign language learning. The Master Classes campaign focused on primary-level development. It developed 128 courses in the areas of business development and customer service, digitalised transformation and innovation, etc., to foster a team of excellent internal trainers. The BOC Good Cases campaign extracted 121 practical and replicable vivid cases, which covered topics such as Party building, eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, risk management, and corporate culture, to effectively support improvement of the practicality and applicability of primary-level training. The Master Classes and BOC Good Cases campaignsThe Master Classes and BOC Good Cases campaigns The happy teacher s day card was co-signed and issued by Chairman, President, and Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank, teacher representatives shared their views in various forms, and commemorative medals were granted to staff who had long been engaged in personnel training. The activity offered effective incentives for all educators and trainers across the Bank. The Global Teacher s Day serial activityThe Global Teacher s Day serial activity The Learning Power Leap training campThe Learning Power Leap training camp An online learning community was established to help more than 200 training managers and internal trainers at the Head Office and branch levels to improve their in-depth learning skills. Social learning activities were organised to facilitate the conversion of what had been learned into actual use, thus enhancing the professional competence of internal trainers and educators. The Modern Learning Practices online learning programmeThe Modern Learning Practices online learning programme The training on the basic theories of modern learning and the sharing of the best practices at home and abroad were conducted and the learning effects were consolidated through after-class quizzes. The programme helped more than 300 practitioners in education and training managers, full-time or part-time, internal trainers, and core business staff who were interested in joining the team of internal trainers become aware of the new trends of digitalised learning and online learning, and improve their professional competences. The professional competence programmesThe professional competence programmes Cementing cooperation among enterprises, universities and research institutionsCementing cooperation among enterprises, universities and research institutions BOC works with external partners such as universities, industry associations, professional education and training agencies, and consultancies to deepen cooperation around personnel development and innovation in training programmes, thus promoting in-depth integration of enterprises, universities, and research institutions. In 2022, the BOC Intelligent Valley practical training base to align classroom education with real-world needs teamed up with over 20 universities and vocational schools nationwide, setting up a platform where students could take internships and practices. This is a fruitful attempt made by the Bank to explore a new model of talent training, promote the close connection of education chain, talent chain, industry chain, and innovation chain, and turn out much-needed talents. The SJTU-BOC Institute of Technology & Finance (SJTU-BOC ITF) was inaugurated on July 30, 2022. The SJTU-BOC ITF is committed to implementing the national strategy of building prosperity through science and education, building a strong country in science, technology, and human capital, growing into one of the world s top institutes of technology and finance that shape the future, and cultivating the top-notch innovative personnel proficient in technology and finance who embrace the future. BOC and the SJTU-BOC ITF co-organised a BOC Technology Finance Summit Forum and the joint training programmes for digital leading talents and outstanding young talents, under which the two sides worked together to train inter-disciplinary research personnel and specialised application personnel, accelerate the growth of outstanding young staff at the Bank, and conduct research on technology and finance, with a view to deepening the alignment of classroom education with real world needs. Since 2020, BOC has organised the Industry-Education-Research-Innovation Integration Seminar in the Yangtze River Delta for three consecutive years. Centred on the four strategic emerging industries of the Yangtze River Delta region, i. e. industrial Internet, artificial intelligence (AI), integrated circuits, and biomedicine, the seminar held training and learning activities from four dimensions, that is, industry, education, research, and innovation, and invited experts and scholars from the China Centre for Promotion of SME Development (an arm of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China), China SME Development Fund Co., Ltd., Chinese Academy of Engineering, China Semiconductor Industry Association, and renowned enterprises in the industry to give lectures, facilitating the training of personnel proficient in technology and finance for the Yangtze River Delta region. The seminar produced 27 special reports, 50 online micro-courses, and eight high-quality courses, and trained more than 600 persons excelling in industry, technology, and finance. While attaching equal importance to globalising expatriates and localising foreign employees, the Bank introduces a comprehensive set of training measures for both expatriate and foreign workers. BOC builds a people-oriented corporate culture, takes good care of its employees, and establishes a comprehensive staff benefits system, with the aim to enhance their sense of identity and belonging to the Bank. Employee CareEmployee Care Protecting the rights and interests of employeesProtecting the rights and interests of employees While strictly complying with national labour laws and regulations, BOC also buys five insurances and two funds in full for its employees, provides staff benefits such as critical illness insurance and annual medical check-up, allows female employees during pregnancy, childbirth, and breastfeeding to take various types of leave such as maternity leave, breastfeeding leave, and parental leave, and ensures the Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Female Employees at the Head Office of Bank of China was signed in 2022 to effectively protect female employees. BOC fully respects and safeguards employees rights to be informed, to participate, to be heard, and to oversee with respect to the operation and management activities of the Bank. In January 2022, BOC held its first session of the Second Workers Congress in parallel with the bank-wide working conference, which was the first attempt for the Bank to do so. The convening of the workers congress ensured that staff representatives could participate in the decision-making process on major matters across the Bank. At the same time, employees opinions and suggestions were directly made known to the Senior Management through group discussions, a move that closely combined the protection of employees legitimate rights and interests with the promotion of the overall development of the Bank. Employees and their children are expected to enhance their understanding of China s history and culture in a pleasant tour. Female staff members were organised to carry out activities such as lunchtime reading salon and family weekend with parents and children walking and reading together. All of these activities created a strong atmosphere of reading and enriched the spiritual and cultural life of employees. A gathering around it allowed young employees to increase teamwork skills, enhance communication, and feel relaxed while playing. The Tour to Chinese Cultural Heritage Sites child-parent activityThe Tour to Chinese Cultural Heritage Sites child-parent activity Reading activities for female employees to celebrate the 20th CPC National CongressReading activities for female employees to celebrate the 20th CPC National Congress A frisbee-themed youth gatheringA frisbee-themed youth gathering The BOC Smart Union digital service platform launched a host of functional modules for the Head Office, which included video medical consultation, online mall, management of inter est groups, movie and TV drama viewing, staff activities, and walking, to create a multi-angle, multi-form, and multi-channel digitalised trade union service system, making staff feel better taken care of at the Bank. BOC Smart Trade Union digital service platform BOC has actively advanced the Mutual Aid Scheme among staff members, formulated the Measures for Managing the Mutual Aid Scheme for Staff of Bank of China, provided allowances for employees in difficulties caused by major diseases, natural disasters, accidents, etc., and cared about family members of the employees working overseas by arranging medical consultations for their aging parents and help their children get access to school. In 2022, the Bank visited 2, 659 employees in difficulties, providing them with allowances worth RMB11, 649, 900. BOC advocates being happy and healthy at work and provides employees with a wide range of cultural and sporting activities. In addition, the Bank pays particular attention to the mental health of its employees. It cooperates with professional mental health service providers to render staff members in need with timely guidance and counselling. BOC Insurance holds a leather handicrafts making activity to celebrate the International Women s Day on March 8 BOC Panama Branch staff members have a team building activity outdoors BOC is committed to a path of professional public-interest development, planning philanthropic activities in a science-based manner, and linking finance with philanthropy to realise wealth growth and social development. In 2022, the platform was connected to the Featured zone and Public Welfare zone on the Life channel of the BOC app, allowing mobile banking users nationwide to make public-interest donations through the Bank of China Philanthropy platform. In the year, the platform attracted 117 social organisations as members and rolled out 221 public-benefit fundraising activities, raising RMB44, 789, 000 from 682, 600 donations. Launching innovative products that combined finance with charityLaunching innovative products that combined finance with charity Implementing charitable trustsImplementing charitable trusts To meet customers personalised needs for doing public good, though the year BOC helped private banking customers set up 38 charitable trusts, and innovatively implemented the industry s first points-based charitable trust to promote the in-depth integration of charity and private banking services. It helped 42 social practice-themed public benefit projects initiated by 32 universities raise RMB2. 29 million in funds from 77, 000 donations, effectively broadening fundraising channels for universities. The Mutual Support Time Capsule immersive community interaction app was rolled out, which brought 30 fun online tasks for helping older people. Users could donate or redeem the points earned by completing tasks, answering questions related to helping the elderly, and signing in. Promoting e-CNY for public goodPromoting e-CNY for public good E-CNY-based public donation scenarios were created in Hainan Province, and related activities, online and offline, were carried out. It contributes to the building of a better society through professional public benefit practices. In 2022, the Bank launched 91 assistance projects through external donations totaling RMB45, 749, 200. Targeted assistance for well-being enhancementTargeted assistance for well-being enhancement The annual work plan was formulated in support of the four counties in Xianyang City, Shaanxi receiving targeted assistance, that is, Yongshou, Xunyi, Chunhua, and Changwu in rural revitalisation to be pursued by building on success in poverty alleviation. In 2022, the Bank invested more than RMB79 million (donations of RMB30, 600, 600) in assistance funds and RMB700 million in credit funds in the four counties of Xianyang City, introduced RMB210 million in investment to the counties, and gave training to an attendance of over 30, 000, which consisted of community-level officials, leaders in rural revitalisation, and professional technicians. Reimbursable funds worth over RMB700 million were invested throughout the year in support of key industrial projects in the four counties, including agrivoltaic, livestock and dairy projects. Modes for investment invitation were innovated. Eight branches in economically developed regions paired with the four counties to help them attract investments. A series of activities, such as the Tour of Investors to the Four Counties of Xianyang City and the Visit of Jiangsu and Zhejiang Merchants to Xianyang City, invited corporate investments worth RMB210 million in total. A number of measures such as assisting in the construction of industrial development projects and supporting the establishment of agricultural machinery cooperatives were adopted to help collective economies of villages grow larger and stronger, create jobs, and transfer more than 1, 100 people to locations where they could find employment during the year. Assistance through industrial developmentAssistance through industrial development The Public Welfare of China consumption-based assistance platform got connected to the Mobile Banking app, as a move to broaden the consumer base. Various preferential activities were held to encourage customers to purchase agricultural products from the areas lifted out of poverty. The Apple Tree Adoption public welfare project was carried out, in which over 11, 000 apple trees were adopted in the four counties of Xianyang City throughout the year, involving a total amount of nearly RMB1. 2 million. BOC joined hands with the Quicklook broadcast room of Xinhua News Agency and Xianyang Municipal Bureau of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to hold a live-streaming activity called BOC Starts A New Journey towards the Better Countryside to advance poverty alleviation through consumption, in which high-quality agricultural products from the four counties were available for sale, attracting 530, 000 viewers. Through CCTV, online new media, high-speed train and other channels, BOC supported the four counties of Xianyang City in the promotion of special agricultural products and red culture and tourism, reaching a total of about 1 billion people. Assistance by boosting the consumption of goods produced by areas lifted out of povertyAssistance by boosting the consumption of goods produced by areas lifted out of poverty The BOC Rural Revitalisation Schools were built to provide systematic training for community-level officials, rural cooperative leaders, personnel engaged in agricultural production and operation, and other groups by combining online and offline means and through bank-university cooperation. Eleven online courses on rural revitalisation were developed for village officials, rural revitalisation leaders, and professional technicians in the four counties of Xianyang City, covering topics such as interpretation of rural revitalisation policies, featured industries of agriculture and cultivation, Internet Plus marketing of agricultural products, and animal and plant breeding techniques. Assistance in the form of personnel trainingAssistance in the form of personnel training 107 106 In 2022, BOC invested RMB3. 8 million in non-reimbursable funds to implement the Insurance against Poverty project, which covered 447, 000 rural residents in the four counties of Xianyang County. For rural households at risk of slipping back to poverty, each of which had a per capita income of less than RMB6, 000 a year due to illness, disaster, schooling, accident, or other reasons, assistance was provided through the procedures of verification and assessment, door-to-door survey, public announcement, and fund disbursement, helping local communities to ensure that people would not sink back into poverty in large numbers. The insurance against poverty was launched to guard the bottom line for rural revitalisation The selenium-rich rice planting demonstration plots project supported by BOC Heilongjiang Branch reaps a good harvest Linjiang Village, Jiangqiao Town, Tailai County, Qiqihar City is a village receiving targeted assistance from BOC Heilongjiang Branch. In order to innovate the assistance model in villages and expand the channels for their incomes increase,, the branch cooperated with local grain processing enterprises to set up an agricultural products manufacturing and marketing centre, which planted about 13. 33 hectares of selenium-rich rice as demonstration plots, giving rise to a new assistance model covering planting, acquisition, processing, and sale. In 2022, the demonstration plots produced 70 tons of selenium-rich rice, and the income of the village collective, rice growers, and households lifted out of poverty increased by RMB75, 000 compared with last year. The mode for assistance produced remarkable results. An assistance project for selenium-rich rice planting demonstration plots Over RMB10 million was invested in the four counties of Xianyang City to support campus infrastructure construction and teaching & learning environment improvement at primary and secondary schools and kindergartens. These activities had an attendance of over 2, 500. Educational assistanceEducational assistance BOC supported the areas receiving assistance in flood control and post-disaster reconstruction, by getting involved in repair of damaged houses, repair of flood-damaged roads, and purchase of relief supplies to ensure that local people could quickly return to normal life and work. A rural toilet revolution project was implemented, to effectively ease the shortage of toilets and upgrade poor facilities, which directly benefited nearly 1, 000 households. New water supply facilities were built, and rain-sewage shunting, rural drinking water purification, and other projects were carried out to improve the water quality and living environment for rural residents, directly benefiting more than 4, 000 people. Improvement of human habitatsImprovement of human habitats 1 2 3 5 4 The BOC Charity Foundation finances a new water tower and supporting facilities in Dujiazhuang Village, Ganjing Town, Yongshou County, Xianyang City, to stabilise the supply of water for production and domestic uses and ease the seasonal shortage of water for local residents 1 The English and Chinese versions of the volumes BOC in Xianyang and Apple Blossom are published in more than 50 countries and regions worldwide to tell the story of China s poverty reduction to the world 2 Adopting fruit trees to show support for farmers 3 BOC staff members market agricultural products from the rural areas receiving targeted assistance at the China International Import Expo (CIIE) 4 BOC Fujian Branch actively participates in the local public benefit programs, including the I have a land plot in the countryside farming activity 5 109 108Small dribs and drabs adding up to big loveSmall dribs and drabs adding up to big love BOC continues to explore and innovate in a number of public welfare areas, and joins hands with more partners to create greater value for society. BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects The scholarship was jointly founded with China Education Development Foundation, to reward and subsidise outstanding graduate and doctoral students who major in 30 key basic disciplines at the fist-class universities of the world in China. In 2022, a total of 60 students stood out and received the scholarship. BOC Private Enjoyment Love-Spring Bud Project BOC Private Enjoyment Love-Spring Bud Project For the nine consecutive years, the project, launched in cooperation with the China Children and Teenagers Fund as a public welfare platform for the Bank s customers and employees, has provided financial support for junior and senior high school girls in remote areas of Yunnan and Shaanxi. To date, it has donated over RMB10 million to more than 2, 600 girl students. Education donationsEducation donations Disaster reliefDisaster relief After a 6. 8-magnitude earthquake hit Luding County, Ganzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, BOC Sichuan Branch initiated the contingency plan, according to which makeshift service stations were set up around its outlets, a green passage for earthquake relief was opened up with donations made through special accounts exempted from remittance fees, and more credit resources were channeled towards the affected areas to fully support post-disaster reconstruction. BOC Insurance immediately launched a rapid response mechanism for claims settlement, by paying return visits to customers in key areas, opening up a green channel for claims settlement, simplifying documents required by claims settlement, and prepaying claims for customers with losses of less than RMB50, 000, with a view to providing maximum convenience for the affected people. BOC Guangdong Branch joined hands with the Guangdong Youth Development Foundation and the Shenzhen One Foundation to raise funds for flood and earthquake relief, respectively. The fundraising campaigns were intended to support the flood victims in Southern China and the earthquake victims in Luding, in which 15, 696 donations from customers and staff were made, amounting to RMB114, 423. Relying on the Bank of China Philanthropy platform, the Bank supported the China Population Welfare Foundation in carrying out the Happiness Project - Action to Help Mothers in Distress. The initiative raised funds of RMB72, 000, which would be used to provide small grants, skills training sessions, and health check- ups, with a view to raising the living standards of mothers in rural areas The BOC Charity Foundation, together with some social organisations, donated solar bathroom heaters to five schools in Chunhua County, Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, to provide more than 1, 000 local teachers and students with affordable access to hot water and reduce the cost of electricity in schools. BOC Fujian Branch and Fujian Provincial Foundation for Disabled Persons jointly launched the Families with More Than One Handicapped Members project and put it on the Bank of China Philanthropy Platform. The funds raised would be used to help disabled people in difficult circumstances and improve the living conditions of families with more than one handicapped members. BOC Fujian Branch, in cooperation with the Fujian Anti-poverty Charity Association and other social organisations, built an audio library at the Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, by donating thousands of e-books and Beijing Winter Olympics mascots to let children feel the joy of reading in a child-friendly clinic. The Bank supports diverse forms of cultural and artistic activities, helping the Chinese culture spread all over the world. Cultural exchangeCultural exchange In 2022, a total of 547 volunteer service activities were carried out by the Communist of Youth League (CYL) organisations at all levels, involving a total of over 28, 933 CYL members, who served more than 1. 18 million people in a total of over 22, 000 hours. Volunteers were organised to provide services for important events such as the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, the China International Import Expo, the China International Fair for Trade in Services, the China International Consumer Products Expo, and the China-ASEAN Exposition. Volunteer servicesVolunteer services 111 110 In August 2022, BOC supported the Silk Road Artists Rendezvous art exhibition organised by the China International Culture Association, the UNESCO Representative Office in China, and the National Art Museum of China, among others. The exhibition brought together 193 artistic works from 112 countries regions to showcase the extraordinary charm of different cultures through the unique perspectives of artists from the countries regions joining the implementation of the BRI. Art binds people together The Melody of Orient Chamber Concert in Luxembourg From October to November 2022, the Europe Tour of the Melody of the Orient Chamber Concert, for which BOC acted as a strategic partner, took place in Belgium, France, Malta, and Luxembourg. The musicians from China and Europe performed a collection of masterpieces. The musical dialogue between the East and the West impressed the audience with the unique charm of different musical cultures, greatly promoting cultural exchanges. Melody of Orient Chamber Concert a musical dialogue between China and Europe 2022 Glimmering Programme - Astronomy Classes in the Countryside In 2022, BOC Jiangsu Branch joined hands with Netease Jiangsu and Nanjing Amateur Astronomers Association to launch the 2022 Glimmering Programme - Astronomy Classes in the Countryside in 12 cities across the province, bringing professional astronomy knowledge to rural schools in a vivid and interesting way and activity instilling a dream of attaining scientific and technological self-reliance into the minds of rural children. During the day, students assembled and launched a mock rocket with their own hands, using what they had learned from the science lectures and exhibitions. At night, under the guidance of experts, they looked up at the stars through a professional electronic telescope, exploring the glimmering light from afar. Astronomy Classes in the Countryside lighting up the space dream of rural children 113 112 1 2 3 4 BOC (Malaysia) and Chinese companies in the country donate 10 lifeboats to help with the local flood relief efforts 1 Happiness Project - Action to Help Mothers in Distress initiative 2 The launching ceremony of an online fundraising campaign to help people with disabilities on the Bank of China Philanthropy platform 3 An audio library at the Fujian Medical University Union Hospital 4 1 2 3 BOC supports the Harmonious Co-existence joint exhibition of collections from the Palace Museum and the National Museum of China and signs a strategic cooperation agreement with the two 1 As a strategic partner of Hong Kong Palace Museum, BOCHK sponsors the Hong Kong Palace Museum and the Hong Kong Gaudeamus Dunhuang Ensemble to organise A Dialogue between Dunhuang and the Palace Museum Across 2, 000 Years of Chinese Cultural Heritage concert and cultural lecture 2 BOC Luxembourg Branch and the local Confucius Institute jointly organise a calligraphy competition to showcase the charm of Chinese calligraphy 3 BOC (Djibouti) provides financial support for GX Foundation s Cataract Surgery Program 4 4 115 114 Being a Practitioner of Steady Development PerseveranceUpholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground Upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground to pursue steady and sustained progressto pursue steady and sustained progress In2022, BOC deeply integrated sustainable development into its corporate governance and daily operations, and made efforts to modernize governance system and capacity. Upholding the ESG concept, BOC continued to enhance the resilience of sustainable development through a sound corporate governance system, aiming to build momentum for high-quality development. Performance Highlights Entering a new stage of development, it is an inevitable requirement for financial institutions to better serve the real economy, constantly meet the needs of economic and social development and the people, and contribute to the high-quality economic development by maintaining the political and people-oriented role of financial work, effectively enhancing professionalism and autonomy, and actively exploring and practicing the road of financial development with Chinese characteristics. BOC firmly follows the correct political direction of financial work, unswervingly takes on the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics, takes on the responsibility bravely, works hard and steadily, and speeds up the construction of a world-class modern banking group. In 2022, BOC fully implemented the general requirements for Party building in the new era, and built a stronger political guarantee for high-quality development. By scientifically and accurately coordinating development and security, continuously strengthening the effectiveness of risk prevention and control and internal control compliance, and effectively deepening the construction of compliance culture, BOC laid a more solid foundation for high-quality development. BOC persevered in upholding integrity, discipline and anti-corruption, constantly strengthened the atmosphere of strict governance, and made the political ecology cleaner for high-quality development. As of the end of 2022, there were two female directors and six independent directors on the Board of Directors, accounting for 13. 3 and 40. 0 respectively, and all the 15 directors had working backgrounds in the economic or financial fields. BOC conducted 20 training sessions for board members throughout the year, with an average of 25. 5 hours for each member. Total profit (RMB million) Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million) 246, 378 2, 038, 419 276, 620 2, 225, 153284, 595 2, 427, 589Net profit (RMB million) 2022 237, 5042022 237, 504 2021 227, 339 2020 205, 096 Non-performing loan ratio ( )2020 20202021 20212022 2022 1. 46 1. 33 1. 32 2020 2021 2022 2020 565, 531 2021 605, 5592022 618, 009 Operating income (RMB million) Total assets (RMB million) 2020 2021 24, 402, 659 26, 722, 40828, 913, 857 2022 119 118Party Building as A Guiding Beacon The 20th CPC National Congress was convened in 2022. Firmly implementing the important requirements of Five Firm Grasps of General Secretary Xi Jinping and with a strong sense of political responsibility, a positive mindset, and a down-to-earth work style, BOC made meticulous arrangements to comprehensively learn, understand, and implement the guiding principles conveyed in the report to the congress, and constantly unify the thoughts and actions of executives and employees across the Bank with these guiding principles. Intensifying organisational leadershipIntensifying organisational leadership Diversifying forms of learningDiversifying forms of learning Holding extensive lecturesHolding extensive lectures Conducting intensive trainingConducting intensive training Using a diversity of publicity means togetherUsing a diversity of publicity means together A bank-wide steering group for the learning, promotion, and implementation of the guiding principles conveyed at the 20th CPC National Congress was set up, with the Party Committee Secretary of the Bank as the head, the Deputy Secretaries to the Party Committee of the Bank as the deputy heads, and members of the Party Committee leadership and senior management as team members. The group formulated a bank-wide plan for learning, promotion, and implementation and coordinated all related actions as a whole. In 2022, members of the Party Committee and senior management took the lead to participate in dual organisational life 84 times. Party leaders at all levels made full use of meetings, business trips, and surveys to actively promote the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress. A special training programme was formulated. Party leadership members at all levels were organised to attend training on a rotating basis, and all Party members across the Bank were organised to learn the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress. Meanwhile, applicants for Party membership and young employees were invited to attend related training. Special columns such as Anchor of the New Mission and Learning the 20th CPC National Congress were added to the internal media platforms, to promote the learning and implementation of the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress at all levels of the Bank. Relevant learning initiatives were introduced in the Bulletin of the Central and State Organs Working Committee, and 34 pieces of work information came out in the Central and State Organs Anthology of Party Classes, Qizhi magazine, Research on Party Building in State Organs, qizhiwang. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby laying a solid foundation for the long-term steady operation of the Bank. Shareholders Meeting BOC continues to raise the level of corporate governance by consolidating the governance foundation, enhancing the efficiency of the Board of Directors, promoting the fulfillment of ESG responsibilities, and deepening investor communication and information disclosure. Board of Directors Board SecretariatBoard of Supervisors Board of Supervisors OfficeSenior Management Strategic Development Committee Green Finance Committee Asset Disposal Committee Connected Transactions Office Anti-money Laundering Committee FinTech Committee Audit Committee Audit Department Connected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management Committee Risk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee Credit Risk Management and Decision-making Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Asset and Liability Management Committee Duty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Finance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Risk Management and Internal Control Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Securities Investment and Management Committee Asset Management Business Committee Consumer Protection Committee Financial Digitalisation Committee Cross-border Finance Committee 121 120 BOC strives to enhance the operation mechanism of corporate governance. Focusing on ESG compliance and supervisionFocusing on ESG compliance and supervision Enabling the Board of Directors to produce a greater effectEnabling the Board of Directors to produce a greater effect Intensifying corporate governance of overseas institutionsIntensifying corporate governance of overseas institutions In 2022, the Board of Directors of the Bank paid its attention to ESG-related topics such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection, and targeted assistance. In the year, we held a symposium for directors, supervisors, and senior management members to discuss issues related to corporate governance, green finance, and corporate culture building, taking into account their professional background, work experience, and research findings. For the next step, the Senior Management would make improvements given the comments and suggestions. The Board of Supervisors of the Bank has performed supervision responsibilities in terms of strategy, duty performance, financial management, risk management, and internal control diligently. Meanwhile, it conducted a number of themed surveys on financial services for the rural revitalisation strategy, IT management, high-standard opening up, and cross-border risk management, put forth supervision comments and recommendations on key ESG issues such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection, information security, risk prevention and control, environmental and climate risk management. In summary, the Board of Supervisors played a supervisory role in making sure the Bank could fulfill its ESG responsibilities effectively. The Articles of Association of Bank of China Limited provides for the composition, powers, and meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees with legal effects to ensure the independence and effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In addition, BOC has formulated the Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited, which focuses on increasing the diversity of Board members, making sure the Board members appointed should possess the skills and experience required for the good functioning of the Board as a whole, fully considering the objectives and requirements for the diversity of Board members in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, and other aspects, and implementing such objectives and requirement throughout the entire process of Board member selection appointment. Renowned experts and scholars are invited to provide Board members with training on topics such as green finance, with a view to enhancing the performance of the Board of Directors in duty performance and governance. BOC has continuously standardised the corporate governance operation mechanism of its overseas subsidiaries and continued to raise the level of the corporate governance of such subsidiaries. In 2022, BOC revised the policies for overseas subsidiaries, optimised the composition of the boards of directors and the boards of supervisors of overseas institutions, enhanced the professionalism and diversity of the directors and supervisors, and helped directors and supervisors to better perform their duties. BOC maintains close communication with investors through a variety of channels and in a number of forms. The Bank carries out more than one hundred investor exchanges in various forms each year, covering thousands of institutions. The work it did with respect to investor relations has been highly recognised by different sectors of society. Prior to the results release, an announcement is made to solicit the concerns of minority shareholders, and a full response is provided at the release. Live-streaming, replay, interactive texts, and downloadable presentation materials of the release are available to fully protect the rights of small and medium-sized investors to know and participate in. A number of communication sessions were held taking into account the issues of concern to the market to actively update market participants on the progress made by BOC in key areas such as wealth management, green finance, and ESG development. BOC takes seriously the requests of minority shareholders for daily inquiry and communication, by actively responding to their visits and calls, and answering their questions in a professional and patient way. BOC effectively guarantees minority shareholders rights to participate shareholders meetings, actively serves minority shareholders present at such meetings, displays investor protection awareness material, and understands their claims and answers their questions. BOC takes an active part in investor education activities such as the May 15th National Investor Protection Publicity Day, and uses its official website and SSE E-interaction platform to promote the themes and impacts of the activities. As per the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, justice, conciseness, and clarity, BOC establishes a comprehensive set of information disclosure policies, strictly fulfills statutory disclosure obligations, actively explores best practices for voluntary disclosure, upholds the investor demand-oriented disclosure concept, and continuously enhances the relevance and effectiveness of disclosure. BOC reviews the completeness and effectiveness of existing information disclosure rules and policies in a timely manner. All disclosure documents are in strict compliance with related requirements, and the content in both English and Chinese is clear and easy to understand. BOC always discloses information from the perspective of investors and readers. BOC continuously improves the relevance, effectiveness, and transparency of information disclosure, guides investors to gain a deeper understanding of its development strategies such as one mainstay, two engines and eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, and provides investors with timely, adequate, and effective information for their value-assessing and decision-making processes in clear, simple, and easy-to-understand language. On the basis of the Comprehensive Risk Management Policy of the Bank of China Limited, BOC formulated the Plan on Improving Comprehensive Risk Management and its Effectiveness across the Bank, which aimed to continuously enhance the competitiveness and effectiveness of risk management as per the overall principle of being forward-looking, proactive, adaptive, and applicable. Major business departments establish a middle office for risk control, hire a risk director, and designate the lead department for each type of risk. BOC continues to optimise the disclosure format and content of periodic reports with a view to enhancing the reading experience. China has entered a period of development where strategic opportunities and challenges co-exist and uncertain and unpredictable factors increase. In this context, black swans and gray rhinoceros events may occur at any time. Effectively Forestalling and Mitigating Financial RisksEffectively Forestalling and Mitigating Financial Risks Assessing and identifying risks through a more systemic, standardised, Assessing and identifying risks through a more systemic, standardised, concerted, and effective mannerconcerted, and effective manner Carrying out stress testing and preparing response plans with save clause Carrying out stress testing and preparing response plans with save clause through concrete effortsthrough concrete effortsBuilding a multi-tiered and all-round risk emergency response management systemBuilding a multi-tiered and all-round risk emergency response management system Accelerating the realisation of intelligent risk control and digital transformationAccelerating the realisation of intelligent risk control and digital transformation The Senior Management closely followed up on changes in the international situation and market fluctuations through taskforce recruitment, risk assessment, and thematic research, among other methods. Eight risk assessments and two risk screenings were conducted throughout 2022. Meanwhile, special inspections were carried out from time to time in case of unexpected risk matters and various risk hazards. Three integrated stress tests were conducted, including the PBOC solvency and the recovery and resolution plan (RRP), and seven special stress tests were held in the fields of real estate, Fed rate hikes, etc. The key RRPs with save clause were updated in a timely manner, and the asset and personnel security programmes for overseas institutions were formulated. A functional blueprint was charted for intelligent risk control applications, to form a smart risk control framework with data, models, systems, and mechanisms as four pillars. BOC focused on comprehensive risk management and personnel training in the field of risk management, mapped out the areas where risk management personnel was concentrated, selected leading and expert talents, and gave proper training to persons in key positions such as heads of institutions at all levels and deputy heads in charge of risk management, so as to build a professional and dedicated team engaged in risk control within the Group. At the same time, BOC continued to promote its risk culture, conducted risk management-related training for management and front-line staff, developed all-employee courses on comprehensive risk management, intelligent risk control, and other topics, and helped staff at all levels and in different positions enhance their risk management and response capabilities. Relying on the BOC Training Institute Cloud Platform, the Bank invited middle and senior risk managers from financial institutions and large corporations to share their views through live-streaming, to share the latest development in the risk management industry as well as the explorations and experiences of Chinese and international financial institutions, and to help all employees improve their professional management and business skills. A total of 20 seminars were held throughout 2022. Eight micro-courses were developed and produced to effectively enhance the risk identification and risk response capabilities of the front-line staff, with an attendance of over 540, 000 in 2022. 127 126Ensuring Operational Compliance BOC is committed to optimising compliance risk governance mechanisms and management processes, building a comprehensive compliance management system, pressing ahead with anti- money laundering (AML) and sanctions compliance management mechanisms and AML compliance training mechanisms, strengthening the construction of a compliance culture, and making progress in the construction of a long-term compliance management mechanism for overseas institutions, so as to safeguard the Group s sound operation and sustainable development. BOC has established an AML management structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the Senior Management, each of which performs their assigned duties diligently, providing a solid organisational mechanism for AML management. BOC further improved the internal control working mechanism and strengthened the building of the internal control system. The Bank formulated the Internal Control Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), a document applicable to the entire Group, in accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks and other requirements of the CBIRC and in light of its actual working needs, which was considered and approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting. The Board of Directors, senior management and the special committees of the Bank earnestly performed their duties regarding internal control and supervision, emphasising early risk warning and prevention, so as to improve the level of compliance operation. The Bank paid close attention to fraud risk prevention and control, proactively identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating risks. The Board of Supervisors assumes the supervisory responsibility for money laundering risk management. The Senior Management assumes the implementation responsibility for money laundering risk management, and delegates the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee to set up the AML Working Committee, responsible for the coordinated management of money laundering risks across the Group. Fully implementing the risk-oriented concept and requirements, BOC strengthened risk assessment, due diligence, training, and other aspects of related work effectively to make the Group s financial crime prevention efforts more effective steadily. BOC have established a sound framework for employee conduct management, where the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the Senior Management, as well all employer units and functional departments shall jointly carry out employee conduct management according to their division of work and duties. Specifically, the Board of Directors assumes the ultimate responsibility for the conduct management of employees, the Board of Supervisors monitors and evaluates the performance of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the conduct management of employees, the Senior Management assumes the implementation responsibility for the conduct management of employees, and each employer unit assumes the first responsibility for the conduct management of employees. Meanwhile, the Bank conducts an annual evaluation of the conduct of employees across the board, summarises the work done with respect to employee management in the year, and analyses and formulates the work plan for the next year, to raise staff management standards and enhance compliance awareness among employees continuously. The Bank fosters a compliance culture through the BOC Training platform and other online and offline channels, and forwards the Group s compliance ideas and requirements to both domestic and overseas staff through various forms such as knowledge manuals, themed courses, case studies, live lectures, offline seminars, and regular briefings on cases as deterrents. Risk monitoring, analysis, and evaluationRisk monitoring, analysis, and evaluation Due diligenceDue diligence Internal trainingInternal training A set of qualitative and quantitative assessment indicators was created with reference to regulatory requirements, so as to improve the money laundering risk assessment methodology and enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of the assessment. The suspicious transaction monitoring process and models were optimised to enhance monitoring and analysis capabilities and the information value of suspicious transaction reports. A sound risk-based customer due diligence system was put in place, which could set out management standards and processes for the entire life cycle of customers, consisting of access, business duration, and exit. In line with the know your customer principle, the Bank adopted varying controls for customers, business relationships, or transactions with different money laundering risks, verified the identity of customers through reliable and independently sourced documents, information, and materials, and got informed of the purpose and nature of the business relationships established and maintained by customers. The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management attended annual AML and sanctions compliance training to further enhance their understanding and comprehension of the regulatory policies and the internal control requirements for AML and sanctions compliance. The Bank has explored a carbon accounting methodology suitable for the Bank s asset portfolios and launched a trial calculation of carbon footprints for asset portfolios in carbon-intensive industries. On the premise of ensuring energy security and industrial chain supply chain stability, it keeps reducing the carbon intensity of asset portfolios in a progressive way until they finally become carbon neutral, as a response to the dual carbon goal of the State. In 2022, the balance of domestic credit extended to green industries as a share of corporate credit continued to go down and fall below 10. In strict accordance with the Energy Conservation Law of the People s Republic of China, the Energy Conservation Management Measures for Key Energy-consuming Institutions, and the Evaluation Standards for Green Buildings, among other requirements, BOC has established an energy management system, in which building energy conservation is regarded as important reference for its construction, purchase and leasing of offices, and priority is given to energy conservation in the entire process including the approval, design, tendering, construction, and use of office building projects. As a result, the energy efficiency of the Bank s office buildings has reached the nationally advanced level. As estimated, these measures would save about 91 tons of coal equivalent. Proportion of credit to brown industries in corporate credit by the end of 2022 Proportion of loans to other industries in corporate credit exceeded 90 Chemical engineering Non-ferrous metal smelting Civil aviation Cement Thermal power Coal Petrochemical engineering Paper-making Iron & steel Proportion of loans to brown industries in corporate credit fell below 10 Proportion of loans to brown industries in Proportion of loans to brown industries in corporate credit went down year by yearcorporate credit went down year by year 2022 2022 20 15 10 5 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB100 million)19, 872 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )41 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)4, 539 The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)877 CO2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20, 410 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)3, 909 Water conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20, 969 Standard coal conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8, 920 COD emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)63 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)4, 326Indicator (unit) Indicator (unit) Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Greenhouse gas emissionGreenhouse gas emissionWaste gas managementWaste gas management BOC has managed the main pollutants discharged by the Head Office building (such as oily fume, particulate matters, non-methane total hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide), and hired professional institutions to test the fumes and boiler emissions for the purpose of ensuring that the emissions could meet the provisions set out in the Law of the People s Republic of China on Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control, the Ordinance on Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control in Beijing, the Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Catering Industry, the Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Boiler, and other pertinent laws, regulations and standards. In addition, the gas boilers burners were installed at the Head Office Building and the oil fume filters were installed in some office areas of the Head Office Building. Note 1 10 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group during 2020-2022. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and other types of energy by the canteens in office places, electric power by office buildings and the Data Centre, and heat by office places in the northern region. The greenhouse gas emission from the operation of the Group during 2020-2022 was mainly incurred by energy consumption and included the emissions within Scope 1 and Scope 2. Scope 1 refers to the direct emissions from combustion of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal and coke. Scope 2 refers to the indirect emissions embodied in electric power and heat consumption. The Head Office purchased 650 tons of carbon credits in total throughout the year. Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 688, 308 2, 754, 463 2, 717, 945 Energy consumption per FTE (MWh)8. 78 8. 95 8. 79 Gasoline consumption (ton)11, 049 12, 400 12, 658 Diesel oil consumption (ton)540 463 482 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m )1, 763 1, 779 1, 638 Electrical power consumption by offices (MWh)1, 272, 768 1, 279, 768 1, 164, 930 Electric power consumption by the Data Centre (MWh)536, 492 506, 101 585, 547 Heat consumption (MkJ)1, 955, 218 2, 214, 424 2, 251, 532 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e)1, 537, 546 1, 534, 060 1, 512, 554 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 174, 899 79, 309 77, 214 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 21, 462, 647 1, 454, 751 1, 435, 340 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO2e FTE)5. 02 4. 99 4. 89 Indicator (unit)Direct energy consumption Indirect energy consumption 131 130 Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Sewage and waste managementSewage and waste managementEnvironmental complianceEnvironmental complianceMaterials and packingMaterials and packing The Bank strictly complies with the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, the Notice on the Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in the Offices of Central State Organs in 2018, the Implementation Plan on the Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in the Offices of Central State Organs, and other pertinent laws, regulations, and policies. It implements the waste sorting and reduction campaign in office areas of the Head Office Building, with all trash cans replaced with waste sorting bins, food waste & garbage disposal units installed in some working areas of the Head Office Building, and a qualified agency hired to dispose of hazardous waste. Social PerformanceSocial Performance Human resources structureHuman resources structure Water resource useWater resource use The Bank complies with the requirements set out in the pertinent laws, regulations and standards including the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People s Republic of China, the Ordinance on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Measures for the Administration of Drainage and Water Recycling in Beijing, and the Integrated Water Pollutants Discharge Standards. Water used by the Bank is sourced from municipal water supply, without its own water source. The Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing set their water consumption target and develop their water use plan and water conservancy plan each year as per the Notice on the Planned Water Use Indicator issued by the Beijing Water Conservancy Management Centre. Water consumption target for the Head Office and other three offices based in Beijing in 2022 was 350, 995 cubic meters. The Bank only produces domestic sewage from daily office operations, which is discharged into municipal sewer networks. It engages a qualified third-party testing agency to regularly monitor sewage discharge. Total water consumption (m3)322, 614 358, 887 336, 100 Total cycling use of water (m3)56, 044 54, 477 66, 188 Water consumption per FTE (m3)32. 92 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)0 6. 34 0 Discharge of non- hazardous waste (tons)1, 071 1, 120 1, 064 Office paper consumption (tons)63. 4 65. 1 53. 4 Paper conservation (tons)1. 7 -11. 7 6. 34 Number of credit cards issued this year (10, 000)319. 39 332. 83 679. 39 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (10, 000)1, 253. 01 1, 561. 41 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (tons)70. 73 88. 14 Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million)6. 97 3. 96 2. 57 Number of employees 306, 182 306, 322 309, 084 Number of male employees131, 164 131, 387 131, 916 Number of female employees175, 018 174, 935 177, 168 Number of employees aged 30 and below68, 054 66, 995 73, 355 Number of employees aged 31-50179, 513 185, 917 189, 454 Number of employees aged above 5058, 615 53, 410 46, 275 Number of employees divided by gender Number of employees divided by age The Bank didn t receive any punishment for violation of environmental laws and regulations in 2022. Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Number of employees receiving physical examination at the Head Office5, 250 4, 985 4, 144 Number of occupational injury cases4 3 7 Number of service- attributable death incidents0 0 0 Number of service- attributable deaths0 0 0 Ratio of service- attributable deaths ( )0 0 0 Workdays lost due to service-attributable injury120 100 Note The number of employees receiving physical examination at the Head Office did not include employees at the Software Centre and some persons dispatched by the Head Office. It firmly opposes and prohibits any employment of child labour and any form of forced labour; emphasizes employee diversity and works hard to create an inclusive and equal workplace; and bans any disrespect or discrimination based on nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, gender, colour, family background, education, etc. For any violations in the employee recruitment process, the Bank carried out accountability in strict accordance with the Measures for Handling of Employee Violations of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022) and the Measures for Management Accountability of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022). Diversity and employee protectionDiversity and employee protectionOccupational health and safety (OHS)Occupational health and safety (OHS) Employee TurnoverEmployee Turnover Number of employees divided by employment type Number of full-time employees306, 182 Number of part-time employees0 Number of employees divided by region Number of employees in the Chinese mainland281, 793 280, 908 283, 312 Number of expatriates 2, 038 2, 051 1, 956 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan18, 439 19, 445 19, 495 Number of new hires in the year12, 695 10, 221 11, 468 Number of employees from campus recruitment12, 140 9, 610 9, 218 Number of employees from social recruitment555 611 1, 005 Number of interns accepted893 665 517 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications8, 200 6, 280 4, 308 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications250, 000 196, 000 35, 000 Percentage of scientific and technical personnel ( )3. 32 3. 07 2. 49 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees ( )57. 16 57. 11 57. 32 Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( )30. 59 30. 79 33. 24 Percentage of male mid-to-senior-level managers ( )69. 41 69. 21 66. 76 Number of local employees at overseas institutions23, 033 23, 992 24, 370 Number of minority employees13, 487 13, 260 13, 073 Employee turnover ( ) 1. 9 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( ) 1. 88 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( ) 1. 92 2. 6Number of employees divided by employment type Number of employees divided by regionIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 133 132MarketingMarketing Product ManagementProduct Management Loan repayment policyLoan repayment policy BOC treated credit card customers who had difficulties in repayment or were at risk of overdue repayment on a case-by-case basis. For the customers at risk of overdue repayment, the Bank encouraged them to use the existing installment products to alleviate their repayment pressure for the short term, thus reducing the default risk and protecting credit records. For the customers who were already overdue and indeed had difficulties in repayment due to special circumstances, the Bank actively provided them with personalised credit card installment services by adopting flexible interest rates, extending the maximum repayment period (up to five years), reducing exempting late fees, all of which effectively relieved the repayment pressure of related customers. In addition, BOC continued to humanise debt collection. Collection was ceased for the customers who had difficulties in repayment difficulties after signing personalised installment repayment agreements and making repayments as per the signed agreements. Collection compliance was ensured by various means such as the issuance of notices and documents, case sharing, special meetings, special training, and business inspection. Outsourced collection activities were put under intensified management, by establishing a pool of outsourcing service providers across the Bank and strengthening compliance management for service providers through regular meetings, on-site and off- site inspections, etc. BOC stipulates that the content of marketing and promotional materials must be clear and easy to understand, the wording must not violate public morality, the content is marked in a conspicuous manner as per regulatory requirements without omission, and risk reminders are complete and accurate. At the same time, the Bank continues to improve the monitoring mechanism for financial marketing and promotional activities, strengthens daily management, prioritises intensifying the monitoring of the marketing and promotional activities at business outlets and partner institutions, and rectifies in a timely manner any marketing and promotional activities that violate the laws and regulations on consumer protection and other pertinent provisions. In 2022, the Financial Digitalisation Committee under the Senior Management integrated the responsibilities of the former Innovation and Product Management Committee to strengthen the coordinated management of product innovation and digitalised development. BOC has formulated the Management Measures for Products of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Guideline for the Management of Products Sold by Proxy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2018), and other product management policies systems, to intensify holistic product planning and risk control, put in place a product management system that could run through the lifecycle, and boost product innovation and sound development. In 2022, the Bank reinforced the lifecycle product management that could cover product launch, existence, and exit; reviewed old products in 2021 and evaluated new products in 2020 in an effort to enhance the product structure; and re-checked the policies on agency sale business and the products sold by proxy, and released the catalogue of products sold by proxy in 2022. For new products, product departments shall comprehensively self-assess the R&D design and the associated risks to reveal changes in risk characteristics and formulate risk mitigation measures. Risk management departments and business departments shall identify risks associated with new products, propose risk control measures requirements, and assist in improving product design R&D. Products departments shall implement differentiated launch approval processes according to product risk levels. Risks of new products under assessment include reputational risks, legal and money laundering risks, operational risks, and consumer protection risks, among other types. For old products, product departments shall carry out reviews in light of product characteristics, market environment, customer demands, policy requirements, risk changes, and other aspects. Risk management departments shall review risk assessment results of the products launched within one year, the key old products, and the products with elevated risk levels after re- inspection, and issue comprehensive risk assessment reports. Product departments shall take follow-up measures such as product rectification, suspension of sales, and exit from the market depending on different reinspection results. From 2021, the Bank conducted training on product management policies, and in 2022, it continued to explain and answer questions on the content of the relevant policies for all branches, thus laying a solid foundation for product innovation and business development. Consumer complaint managementConsumer complaint management In strict accordance with the pertinent laws, regulations, and regulatory documents such as the Cyber Security Law of the People s Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People s Republic of China, and the Guidelines for Data Governance for Banking Financial Institutions, BOC has formulated a series of policies covering the data lifecycle, data security management, information system data security, and application system security & development, among other aspects of content. The organizational structure was further improved. The Chairman of the Bank takes primary responsibility for cybersecurity, the Financial Digitisation Committee is the leading body for cybersecurity, and the Chief Cybersecurity Officer is the highest-level person overseeing the Bank s intranet, information, and data security. The Bank incorporates the information security management into the performance appraisal system of the Group s institutions and their senior managements, to assess from such perspectives as mechanism establishment, personnel training, formulation of contingency plans and conduct of drills, and loophole screening & problem rectification. The appraisal mainly covers leakage, destruction, and tampering of sensitive information, virus infection and transmission, external penetration or attack on internal networks or systems, etc. The defense capacity was further enhanced. In response to potential network, information, and data security risk events and vulnerabilities, the Bank formulated the Working Mechanism for Reporting Cyber Threat Events (Version 2022) and the Emergency Management Measures for Data Security of Bank of China Limited, which set out clear reporting and response processes. Meanwhile, it formulated contingency plans for multiple scenarios, such as DDoS attacks, network intrusions, wireless network attacks, robot attacks, system- layer ultra-high-risk vulnerabilities, local failure, and carried out actual operational drills, simulation drills, and desktop drills on these plans annually. A cybersecurity attack and defence laboratory at the Group level was established, and a cybersecurity taskforce of over 300 people was recruited to enhance the professional capabilities for ensuring cyber and information security through routine drills. The Bank s cyber and information security systems have been certified by a number of Chinese and international standards such as ISO 20000 Information Technology Service Management System Certification, ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification, ISO 27001 Information Security Management System, and PCI-DSS Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. At the same time, the Bank conducts internal and external audits on the organisational structure, management policies and measures, and systems related to cyber and information security every year. Cybersecurity and information securityCybersecurity and information security BOC strictly complies with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and other pertinent laws and regulations, and has established an organisational structure for data governance and customer information protection management, which covers the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and Senior Management as well as its subordinate Financial Digitisation Committee, lead departments, business departments and technical departments. Under the overall framework of customer information protection, the Bank follows the principle of business necessity and minimum authorisation. It has formulated the Personal Customer Information Protection Management Measures of Bank of China Limited, which sets out management requirements and prohibited acts throughout the entire lifecycle of personal data, consisting of collection, storage, enquiry, use, transmission, deletion, and destruction. It strengthens its information protection as per the principle of fully covering personnel, systems, positions, processes, institutions, and emergency response management flows. Currently, all e-channels available to personal customers, such as Apps, applets, and PC software comply with the principles of openness and transparency. The Bank has released nine privacy policies, including the Mobile Banking Privacy Policy of Bank of China Limited and the Colorful Life Privacy Policy of Bank of China Limited, discloses the rules for processing personal information, and proactively informs customers of the purpose, manner and scope of personal information processing as well as the protection of their personal information. Individual privacy policies of the Bank do not apply to the corporate business line. Customers have the right to access, correct and update personal information through mobile banking channels; they can enable or disable permissions for location services, access to contact, or call through mobile phone settings; they can view the privacy policy or revoke consent through My- Privacy Policy on the mobile banking app. BOC will sign strict confidentiality agreements with third parties when providing customers personal information to them with the consent and authorisation of customers, to specify the purpose, manner and scope of use of customers personal information by both parties, require third parties to handle personal information in strict accordance with the agreed confidentiality and security measures, and ask them not to use the shared personal information for any other purposes. It incorporates the requirements related to personal information protection into the access requirements for partner organisations. Intensifying personal information protectionIntensifying personal information protection Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000)18. 2 14. 8 18. 8 Number of customer complaints settled (10, 000)18. 2 14. 8 Ratio of customer complaints closed ( )100 100 In 2022, the Bank did not trigger any cyber and information security incidents or privacy breaches for technical reasons. Note 2 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s management refers to the number of personal accounts with the Bank serving as the manager of the enterprise annuity accounts. Number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system (the Cyber Defence system) (10, 000)122. 74 87. 90 52. 00 Amount of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence system (RMB100 million)223. 30 150. 70 119. 84 Investments into employee training (RMB10, 000)70, 927 81, 386 53, 804 Participation in training (person-times)2, 782, 623 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Percentage of employees trained ( )97. 52 97. 01 95. 89 Female employees trained171, 602 175, 377 174, 054 Male employees trained 123, 724 130, 847 127, 438 Senior management members trained12, 527 14, 293 15, 948 Mid-level management members trained329, 658 265, 698 321, 541 Non-management employees trained2, 440, 438 2, 383, 705 2, 161, 168 Average length of employee training (hours)48. 16 48. 32 59. 35 Average length of female employee training (hours)52. 03 51. 74 62. 10 Average length of male employee training (hours)45. 72 45. 83 55. 60 Average length of training attended by senior management members (hours)47. 62 46. 30 51. 24 Average length of training attended by mid-level management members (hours)58. 37 61. 99 87. 92 Average length of training attended by non- management employees (hours)47. 34 41. 92 58. 80 Number of registered users on the BOC training cloud platform302, 835 315, 674 314, 411 Number of average monthly active users on the BOC training cloud platform245, 656 234, 170 137, 331 Number of courses provided on the BOC training cloud platform42, 689 25, 072 14, 463 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (person-times)2, 782, 623 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)44. 12 43. 55 40. 63 Donations (RMB1 million) 89. 09 98. 54 162. 28 Social contribution per share (RMB)2. 81 2. 60 1. 98 Balance of loans granted to areas lifted out of poverty (RMB100 million)4, 122. 75 3, 608. 76 3, 028. 88 Balance of government- sponsored student loansNote1 (RMB1 million)2, 317. 09 2, 138. 53 2, 190. 82 Amount of government- sponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB100 million)257. 46 250. 72 246. 12 Amount of pension funds in the Bank s custody (RMB100 million)1, 702. 43 1, 415. 45 1, 017. 92 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s managementNote 2 (10, 000)389. 87 367. 59 341. 36 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB100 million)9, 066. 02 7, 835. 02 5, 928. 72 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public55, 866 59, 722 22, 211 Number of people receiving financial education (10, 000)73, 744 56, 295 9, 997 Number of anti-counterfeit money education events 11, 106 5, 600 5, 600 Number of customers receiving anti-counterfeit money education (10, 000)747 1, 225 212 Number of anti-counterfeit money materials distributed (10, 000 copies)303 277 244 Number of employees trained by gender Number of employees trained by worker type Average length of employee training by gender Average length of employee training by worker typeIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Service channelsService channels Note 1 For national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties, please refer to the list of (160) national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties released by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Administration in August 2021. Number of mobile banking customers (10, 000)25, 441 23, 518 21, 055 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB1 trillion)46. 73 39. 38 32. 28 Number of monthly active users of the Mobile Banking app (10, 000)7, 620. 15 7, 104. 41 6, 031. 09 Number of operating outlets in the mainland10, 312 10, 382 10, 487 Number of intelligent outlets10, 312 10, 382 10, 487 Number of ATMs 25, 166 27, 729 33, 314 Number of smart counters33, 089 32, 367 31, 960 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tablet- version smart counters13, 793 10, 853 Number of outlets in national-level rural revitalisation assistance countiesNote137 34 32 Number of county-level outlets2, 948 2, 934 2, 981 Coverage ratio of county-level institutions ( )63. 13 62. 52 62. 07 Rate of 95566 call centre arrival ( )93. 45 Satisfaction of 95566 call centre service ( )99. 50 Growth rate of loans for small and micro enterprisesNote 2 ( )39. 28 33. 60 21. 43 Balance of loans for small and micro enterprises (RMB100 million)35, 602. 15 25, 560. 85 19, 131. 77 Balance of loans for small and micro enterprises as a proportion of the total balance of all loans of the Bank ( )24. 90 19. 97 16. 77 Number of small and micro enterprises to which the Bank granted loans805, 861 644, 037 497, 300 Growth rate of small and micro enterprises to which the Bank granted loans ( )25. 13 29. 51 10. 19 Balance of loans for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)Note3 (RMB100 million)51, 044. 66 42, 935. 60 37, 417. 55 Growth rate of loans for SMEs ( )18. 89 14. 75 11. 09 Balance of personal business start-up loans (RMB100 million)34. 78 26. 32 22. 73 Number of beneficiaries of personal business start-up loans17, 602 15, 458 18, 119 Balance of loans for private enterprises (RMB1 trillion)2. 92 2. 44 1. 76 Balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries (RMB100 million)11, 220. 73 5, 215. 78 2, 222. 43 Balance of government- subsidised housing loans (RMB100 million)1, 742. 49 1, 494. 41 1, 514. 45 Loans newly extended to a variety of transportation fields (RMB100 million)4, 834 4, 686 3, 253 Balance of agriculture- related loans (RMB100 million)20, 748 17, 408 15, 185 Liquidity support provided for core enterprises in the supply chain (RMB100 million)2. 46 2. 16 Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirementsNote 1 (RMB1 million)1, 228, 283. 09 881, 502. 25 611, 661. 62 Growth rate of the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements ( )39. 34 53. 15 48. 12 2020 Supporting economic developmentSupporting economic development Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 137 136 Note 1 Inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements By the standard of the CBIRC, they refer to the loans for small and micro enterprises with a total single-account credit amount of RMB10 million or below. Governance PerformanceGovernance Performance Value creationValue creation In 2022, taking into account all factors of the directors, three independent directors and one non-executive director were added, in a way to further enhance the Board diversity. By the end of 2022, the Board of Directors of the Bank consisted of 15 members, including two female directors, which accounted for 13. 3. Independent directors did not assume any other position at the Bank, and were not subject to the influence of the Bank s substantial shareholders, de facto controller or any other institution or individual that had a major stake in the Bank. At the same time, the Bank requires in its Articles of Association that directors, who have a stake in the enterprise involved in the matter reviewed at the Board meeting, may not vote on the matter, and that resolutions made at the Board meeting shall be passed by more than half of the directors who do not have a stake in the matterNote 1. As at the end of 2022, chairmen of special committees of the Board, such as the Audit Committee, the Personnel and Remuneration Committee, and the Connected Transactions Control Committee were assumed by independent directors. Note 1 F or details, please refer to the A rticles of Association of Bank of China Limited https www. cn investor ir6 200812 t20081222 508231. html Director independenceDirector independence On- and off-balance-sheet trade financing support provided for upstream and downstream enterprises in the supply chain (RMB100 million)2. 23 1. 70 Balance of loans in support of the marine economy (RMB100 million)1, 010 708 553 Board members 15 Executive directors 4 26. 7 Non-executive directors 5 33. 3 Independent directors 6 40. 0 Male directors 13 86. 7 Female directors 2 13. 3 Directors aged below 55 2 13. 3 Directors aged 55-60 8 53. 3 Directors aged above 70 2 13. 3 Directors from the Chinese mainland11 73. 3 Directors from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan2 13. 3 Directors from other countries regions2 13. 3 Directors with work experience in economy15 100 Directors with work experience in finance15 100Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Total assets (RMB1 million)28, 913, 857 26, 722, 408 24, 402, 659 Operating income (RMB1 million)618, 009 605, 559 565, 531 Operating expenses (RMB1 million)333, 313 329, 428 320, 407 Total profit before income tax (RMB1 million)284, 595 276, 620 246, 378 Profit for the year (RMB1 million)237, 504 227, 339 205, 096 Return on average total assets ( )0. 85 0. 89 0. 87 Return on average equity ( )10. 81 11. 28 10. 61 Capital adequacy ratio ( )17. 52 16. 53 16. 22 Non-performing loans to total loans ( )1. 32 1. 33 1. 46 Income tax expense (RMB1 million)47, 091 49, 281 41, 282 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB1 million)2, 427, 589 2, 225, 153 2, 038, 419 In 2022, the Bank held eight meetings of the Board of Directors in total, during which time the average attendance rate of the Board of Directors was 92, and 70 proposals were reviewed. Meanwhile, upon authorisation, committees of the Board of Directors vigorously assisted the Board of Directors in duty performance. Meetings were held in the form of onsite meeting or via written proposal. Attendance of Board meetingsAttendance of Board meetings Number of meetings attended in person number of meetings convened during term of office In 2022, the Bank organised 20 director training courses, with 63 attendees and 25. 5 hours of training per Board member. Director trainingDirector training The Bank continued to improve the information disclosure management policy system. BOC asks employees to comply with business ethics and organises learning sessions on the Code of Conduct and Measures for Handling of Employee Violations and other pertinent policies to inform staff of related management norms constantly. Meanwhile, the Bank screens abnormal behaviour of employees regularly to eliminate case risks in a timely manner. Information discourse and communication with Information discourse and communication with investorsinvestors Compliance and business ethicsCompliance and business ethics Special CommitteesDirector Chairman of CommitteeShareholders MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Liu Liange 3 3 8 8 Liu Jin 3 3 8 8 Wang Wei 3 3 7 8 Lin Jingzhen 3 3 8 8 Xiao Lihong 3 3 8 8 Wang Xiaoya 3 3 8 8 Zhang Jiangang 3 3 8 8 Chen Jianbo 3 3 8 8 Huang Binghua 2 2 6 6 Jiang Guohua 3 3 7 8 Martin Cheung Kong Liao3 3 7 8 Chui Sai Peng Jose 3 3 8 8 Ekra Jean Louis 1 2 5 5 E Weinan 1 1 4 4 Giovanni Tria 1 1 4 4 Former Directors Zhao Jie 1 1 1 1 Wang Changyun 2 2 4 4 Angela Chao 2 2 3 4 Chen Chunhua 2 2 4 4 Strategic Development CommitteeLiu Liange Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeHuang Binghua Audit Committee Jiang Guohua Risk Policy Committee Xiao Lihong Personnel and Remuneration CommitteeChui Sai Peng Jose Connected Transactions Control CommitteeMartin Cheung Kong Liao Number of publicly disclosed documents389 388 Including Documents issued at A share market123 126 Including Chinese documents issued at H share market139 132 Including English documents issued at H share market127 130 Number of events for communication with investors405 419 Including Investor conferences held179 178 Including Investor hotlines answered125 111 Including Responses to enquiries posted on e-interaction online platform run by the SSE27 57 Including Responses to emails through the IR mailbox74 73Incumbent Directors Former DirectorsIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 139 138 BOC works hard to prevent integrity risks, resolutely punishes corruption, keeps close eyes on key areas such as credit management, non-performing loan disposal, and centralised procurement, and puts in place a sound supervision and restraint mechanism. In short, it cracks down on corruption rigorously. The Bank makes headway in the construction of a long-term anti-corruption mechanism, in which no one would dare to corrupt, is able to corrupt, or is willing to corrupt, launches the full-scale crackdown on violations of laws and disciplines, improves checks on the exercise on powers, and further enforces strict discipline. Building and spreading its excellent integrity culture that advocates aspiration, integrity, and resolution, the Bank works out concrete measures, continues to carry out warning education, holds warning education conferences that cover tier-2 institutions, announces 22 typical cases (including the serious case of He Xingxiang and other cases investigated in the Bank), and compiles and publishes typical positive and negative cases, getting all employees ideologically ready for anti-corruption. The Bank attaches great importance to the integrity building and anti-corruption supervision of overseas institutions, improving a leading mechanism for the prevention and control of integrity risks and corruption management. Overseas institutions are required to strengthen their anti- corruption efforts and risk prevention and control measures given the actual conditions in the countries and regions where they are located, while enhancing related education and supervision to promote a strong atmosphere of operational integrity and compliance. Meanwhile, the Bank also improves the integrity supervision system for overseas Clean office and anti-corruptionClean office and anti-corruption The Bank has formulated and revised the Guidelines of Bank of China Limited for Managing Letter-or-visit Matters to further improve the related working mechanism. Citizens, legal persons or other organisations can report facts and give opinions through phone calls, letters, visits, etc. All those efforts are to process letters, phone calls and visits received and listen to opinions, suggestions and appeals of related customers. The Bank also accepts letter-or-visit matters reflected by stakeholders in a real-name or anonymous way, safeguards the privacy and safety of whistleblowers, and disallows retaliation against whistleblowers in any form by anyone. In 2022, the Bank launched a series of initiatives to solidify the foundation of the letter-or-visit work. The Party committees at all levels were arranged to learn and implement the Letter-or-visit Work Rules; continuous headway was made in reducing the backlog of cases, with the timing brought forward, and moves were taken to intensify territorial management and prevent cases from the source; the internal letter-or-visit management system was put into full use, which supported information sharing, early warning against incidents and other functions, thus further digitalizing letter-or-visit management and better controlling related risk events. Safeguarding intellectual property rights (IPRs)Safeguarding intellectual property rights (IPRs) In accordance with the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People s Republic of China, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Anti-Money Laundering and Counter- Terrorist Financing by Financial Institutions, the Administrative Measures for Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing of Financial Institutions in the Banking Sector, and other AML laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, as well as with reference to the industry guidelines issued by the United Nations (the UN), the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and other international organisations, the Bank has established a set of AML policies and systems in which the Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2020) provides the guiding principles, with the Measures for Managing Institutional Self-Assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks at Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Measures of Bank of China Limited for Managing the Risk-oriented Customer Due Diligence (Revision 2018), the Measures of Bank of China Limited for the Management of Reporting Large-amount and Suspicious Transactions (Version 2021), and the Measures of Bank of China Limited for Sanctions Compliance Management (Version 2020) at the core. Of these, the Anti-Money Laundering, Counter- Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2020) is approved by the Board of Directors and other policies are approved by the Anti-Money Laundering Committee and bank leaders in charge. Anti-money laundering (AML)Anti-money laundering (AML) institutions, allocates more supervision resources, develops guidelines for performance of supervisions duties, increases supervision and discipline efforts, and implements various requirements for integrity building. The Bank ensures that the procurement work can follow the principle of openness, fairness, impartiality, good faith and effectiveness to assume social responsibility proactively through a host of rules and policies such as the Charter of the Centralised Procurement Management Committee of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and the Procurement Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021). The selection of procurement methods shall follow the principle of being lawful, compliant, competitive and merit-based. Public tendering shall be prioritised, and the selection of single- source procurement should be adopted with prudence. The Centralised Procurement Centre takes the lead in managing green and sustainable procurement across the Bank. Specifically, it revised a host of related policies such as the Measures for Managing Challenges and Complaints from Suppliers, and the Procurement Management Measures for Overseas Institutions, and formulated a number of new documents including the Notice on Including in the Negative List the Bribers Found under the Centralised Procurement Business and the Suppliers Identified with Corruption and Other Bad Behaviors and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management of E-commerce Procurement Compliance Risk, in an effort to further streamline procurement flows, enhance procurement efficiency, strengthen procurement compliance management, and prevent control integrity risk. In this way, the black list could act as a deterrent and misbehaving suppliers could be punished more severely. In 2022, many suppliers were prohibited from participating in purchases made by the Bank. The Bank has formulated the Standards of Bank of China Limited for Integrity in Practice of Suppliers (Version 2017), which stringently bans commercial bribery, interference in procurement, secrets leakage, willful default, and other corrupt behaviors. The document is attached to the cooperation agreements signed with suppliers. Procurement practicesProcurement practices The Bank keeps improving the procurement complaints handling mechanism. Suppliers could directly send their challenge documents to the Centralised Procurement Centre of the Bank or get these documents forwarded by the disciplinary inspection and supervision departments of the Bank. The centralised procurement departments of the Bank build question response teams to take questions, investigate facts, handle related matters, and give replies regarding the matters in question. This close-looped mechanism is aimed to ensure the projects in question can be handled properly. The Bank implemented the national policies such as the Regulations on Ensuring Timely Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and the Notices on Strengthening Support to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, formulated the Management Measures for Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers of Bank of China (Version 2020), the Special Agreement between Bank of China Limited and Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management on Payments to Private Enterprises and Small and Medium- sized Enterprises, and concluded special agreements with SME suppliers, in a bid to optimise payment conditions and processes and ensure timely payments to SMEs. At the same time, it safeguarded the right of SME suppliers to equally participate in bids. Public or online invitation of tenders was adopted for procurement projects, in which small and micro enterprises meeting requirements all have eligibility and opportunities to bid. While proposing requirements on the basic eligibilities of qualified suppliers, the Bank did not have any requirement on the registered capital or scale of the enterprises except for a few projects with special requirements. The Bank enhances its examination of suppliers in environmental protection and social responsibility, and steps up management of suppliers in qualification, procurement, evaluation, supplier management and other links. The Bank evaluates suppliers commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility during supplier inspection and project review. In addition to the written commitments of suppliers, the Bank also investigates their environmental protection equipment and measures, labour contract signing, social security payment, office environment, labour protection measures and other conditions during the investigation of specific projects, and considers these factors in the process of review. Advance digitalised transition 17. Employee rights and benefits Core issues Important issues Core Degree of impact on stakeholders Average Core Degree of impact on BOC 12 17 16 11 10 4 1 2 3 5 6 8 9 7 22 14 13 21 19 23 20 18 15 Materiality AnalysisMateriality Analysis BOC Conducts an annual materiality analysis to understand the extent to which CSR issues of the Bank influence different stakeholder groups as well as these stakeholder groups suggestions and expectations for the Bank in performing CSRs. Step 1 Identification Step 2 Assessment Step 3 Reporting BOC identified 23 CSR issues that could impact it and its stakeholders, given its development strategies and plans with reference to industry hotspots and development trends, major national policies, as well as major CSR standards and mainstream ESG rating systems available at home and abroad, including but not limited to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards Version 2021), the MSCI ESG Ratings, and the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Internal and external stakeholders were invited to assess CSR issues by means of filling in online questionnaires from two dimensions, that is, degree of impact on BOC and degree of impact on stakeholders. The statistics and analysis of the assessment results were used to generate a materiality analysis matrix where issues could be ranked by materiality, thus specifying key disclosures in this report. Charitable activities Field surveys and visits Community exchange activities Communication with media Regular reports and interim reports Shareholders Meeting Investor surveys Business results release Awards ceremony Regular training Corporate culture activities Web portal, WeChat official account, and microblog, etc. In 2022, BOC effectively fulfilled its responsibility as a major state-owned bank. BOC will excellently fulfill the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements in 2021-2025. In 2021-2025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB2 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. Such loans grew by 39. 34 Such customers grew by 20. 87 The balance of such loans totaled RMB1. 23 trillion BOC focused on inclusive financial needs of small and micro enterprises. The Bank propelled the development of the real economy by offering quality and efficient inclusive financial services, optimised the supply of financial services for small and micro enterprises, and supported new citizens diverse financial needs in a wide range of areas such as business startup, employment, housing, and consumption. Meanwhile, it improved agriculture-related products and services, developed county finance, expedited digitalised operation of inclusive finance, and enriched the lineup of online inclusive financial products. The BOC e-Enterprise cross-border matchmaking service platform was established to help small and micro enterprises well integrate into the pattern of development featuring the positive interplay between domestic and international flows, as part of its efforts to make financial services more inclusive and accessible. Green financeGreen finance BOC will provide no less than RMB1 trillion of financial support for green industries in 2021-2025, with the balance of green creditNote 1 going up year by year. BOC will tighten credit control over the brown industriesNote 2 in 2021-2025. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. The periodic target was overfulfilled, and the balance of green credit exceeded RMB1, 987. 2 billion (by the standard of the CBIRC) in 2022, including new credit of RMB578. 6 billion and representing an increase of RMB1, 090. 4 billion from the end of the 13th Five- Year Plan period YoY growth rate of domestic green credit balance across the Bank (by the standard of the CBIRC) reached 41. 08 YoY growth rate exceeded 60 The proportion of credit to brown industries in corporate loans kept going down and fell below 10 No new financing for new coal mining projects and new coal power projects outside of China BOC implemented the strategy of green development, aimed to become the preferred bank for green financial services, optimised the green finance governance framework, improved policy support for green finance, and promoted the sound and rapid development of green finance businesses such as stock, bond, loan, investment, insurance and leasing. While integrating the green development concept into its risk management and daily operations, the Bank got actively involved in international cooperation for green development, and marched towards the realisation of the dual carbon goal. Spearheaded by the green concepts, BOC will be dedicated to developing green finance. BOC will better balance development and security, step up efforts to transmit comprehensive risk management concepts, policies, and systems, intensify the closed-loop risk management that involves research and assessment, investigation, stress testing, contingency plan, risk disposal, and post-evaluation, build a safety net for comprehensive risk management, and improve the risk management system that is aligned with the Group s strategies continuously. BOC will focus on improving the matching degree between financial supply and the real economy, and better supporting key areas and weak links. Aligned with the regional development strategies of the State, the Bank will better play a leading role in key regions, promote the sharing of resources such as customers, talents, projects, and experiences, and help solve the problems of unbalanced and inadequate development. BOC will build a customer-centric management service system, put in place a customer satisfaction feedback mechanism, examine its work by taking into account what customers think and need and how they experience, and optimise its products and services in a timely manner. Focused on areas closely related to people s well-being such as social security, medical care, and housing, the Bank will promote the integration of financial and non-financial development, accelerate the construction of four strategic scenarios, that is, cross-border business, education, sports, and elderly care, in an effort to improve people s sense of fulfillment and happiness. Enthusiastic about public-interest undertakings, it will cooperate with more stakeholders to participate in and support public benefit activities. About the Report About the ReportAbout the Report The Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited ( BOC, the Bank, or we ) and all its members warrant that this report contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and jointly and severally accept full responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information in this notice. This is the 16th CSR report released by BOC consecutively. This report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards 2021 version), the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. This report follows the reporting principles set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Materiality This report discloses the materiality assessment made in 2022 in the section of Responsibility Management, which includes the processes and methods used to identify environment, social, and corporate governance (ESG) topics; the stakeholder surveys; the materiality matrix of ESG topics generated given the surveying findings; the stakeholders identified and their engagement and expectations for the Bank. The materiality analysis processes and results, along with other parts of this report, are submitted to the Board of Directors of the Bank for hearing, review, and adoption. Quantitative The standards and sources of conversion factors used in the calculation of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and energy consumption are disclosed in the Environmental Performance section of the ESG Key Performance part in this report. Consistency The methodology used to measure KPIs in this report is consistent with that adopted in previous years. Data basisData basis GuaranteeGuarantee Disclosure formatDisclosure format Reader s feedbackReader s feedback The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2022 financial report independently audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2022 and the reports of previous years as well. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP assumes the liability for qualified assurance services on selected key data disclosed in the report and issues an independent assurance report. The report will be issued in printed and electronic formats. Assurance StatementAssurance Statement 2023 SH -0164 (Page1 3) English Translation for Reference Only Independent practitioner s assurance report To the Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2022 key data as defined below in the 2022 Social Responsibility Report ( SR Report ) of Bank of China Limited (the Bank ). Criteria The criteria used by the Bank to prepar e the selected key data in the 2022 SR R eport is set out in the basis of reporting of the key data (the basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. SH -0164 (Page2 3) Management s Responsibilities The Management of the B ank is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report in accordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the prepar ation of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirement of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, impleme nt and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Practitioner s Responsibilities It is our responsibili ty to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report based on our work. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance en gagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report, whether due to fraud 151 150 Assurance Statement Number of employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Number of female employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of female employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank at the end of the reporting period. Execution of employment contracts ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the proportion of employees who signed employment contracts with the Bank as a percentage of the total number of employees employed at the end of the reporting period. Number of occupational injury cases (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of occupational injury cases that occurred in the Head office of the Bank and directly affiliated institutions in Beijing without independent licenses during the reporting period. Participation in training (person-times) The term disclosed herein refers to the total person-times of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank who participated in training during the reporting period. Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements (RMB1 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of small and micro enterprise loans counted by the Bank according to the caliber of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission at the end of the reporting period, that is, the balance of small and micro enterprise loans with a total credit line of less than 10 million yuan (inclusive) (including the balance of small and micro enterprise loans, the balance of individual industrial and commercial loans, and the balance of small and micro business owners, excluding the balance of bill discounting and rediscounting business). Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB 100 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated at the end of the reporting period invested by the Bank in industries, including energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy industry, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructure, green services, overseas projects adopting international practices or standards, green trade financing and green consumption financing. Balance of government-sponsored student loans (RMB1 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of loans by the end of the reporting period granted by the Bank to eligible students from low-income families in universities affiliated to the central government (including branch campuses) and local universities to pay the basic expenses of their study and living in school. Donations (RMB1 million) TThe term disclosed herein refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pre-tax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Total water consumption (m3) The term disclosed herein refers to the total water consumption of the Head Office of the Bank in Beijing during the reporting period, including the water consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Number of video conferences (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank during the reporting period. Paper conservation (tons) The term disclosed herein refers to the amount of paper saved by the Head Office of the Bank, data center and office in Beijing during the reporting period. Number of operating outlets in the mainland (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of operating institutions in the Bank (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas branches) that had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, including head offices, primary branches, directly affiliated branches, secondary branches, sub-branches and branches at the end of the reporting period. Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of omni- channel complaints obtained by the Head Office of the Bank, branches and credit card centers (excluding integrated operating companies) through official websites, mobile banking and credit card mobile clients, business outlets, government agencies, regulatory authorities and other channels at the end of the reporting period. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engagement risk. Within the scope of our work, we have performed the following procedures in the Head Offic e of the Bank. We have not conducted work in other branches. Interviews with relevant departments of the Bank involved in providing information for the selected key data within the SR Report; and 2) Analytical procedure s; 3) Examination, on a test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 4) Recalculation; and 5) Other procedures deemed necessary. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non -financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come t o our attention that causes us to believe that the 2022 selected key data in the 2022 SR Report is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the basis of reporting. Restriction on Use Our report has been prepared for and only for the board of directors of the Bank and for no other purpose. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP Shanghai, China March 28, 2023 153 Indexes 152 General DisclosuresGeneral Disclosures GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021Disclosure 2-1 Organizational details 10 146-147 Disclosure 2-2 Entities included in the organization s sustainability reporting146 Disclosure 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point146-147 Disclosure 2-4 Restatements of information 146-147 Disclosure 2-5 External assurance 148-152 Disclosure 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships10 141 Disclosure 2-7 Employees 130-131 Disclosure 2-8 Workers who are not employees 94 131 Disclosure 2-9 Governance structure and composition 119 136-137 Disclosure 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body119-120 136-137 Disclosure 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts48 120 Disclosure 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts48-49 119-120 Disclosure 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting120 Disclosure 2-15 Conflicts of interest Please refer to the Annual Report Disclosure 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 48-49 56 120-123 Disclosure 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body64 127 137 Disclosure 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance bodyPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-19 Remuneration policies95, Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-20 Process to determine remuneration95, Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-21 Annual total compensation ratioPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategyPreface, 11 Disclosure 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts53-57 90 138 Disclosure 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns90 138 147 Disclosure 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 100 128-133 138 Disclosure 2-28 Membership associations 63 Disclosure 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 140-141 Disclosure 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 100 IndexesIndexes Statement of Use GRI 1 used The Bank of China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2022 (with some exceptions) with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI 1 Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Global Reporting Initiative Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Universal Standards 2021)(GRI Universal Standards 2021) Statement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental DataStatement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental Data 155 154 Indexes Material TopicsMaterial Topics GRI 3 Material Topics 2021Disclosure 3-1 Process to determine material topics 140-141 Disclosure 3-2 List of material topics 140 Economic PerformanceEconomic Performance GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 53-57 100 116-127 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016Disclosure 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed135-136 142-143 Disclosure 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change53-57 Disclosure 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans100-102 Indirect Economic ImpactsIndirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 16-43 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016Disclosure 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported16-43 58-62 Disclosure 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 16-43 58-62 Procurement PracticesProcurement Practices GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 204 Procurement Practices 2016Disclosure 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 139 Anti-corruptionAnti-corruption GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 118 126-127 138 GRI 205 Anti-corruption 2016Disclosure 205-2 Communication and training about anti- corruption policies and procedures138 Disclosure 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken138 MaterialsMaterials GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 GRI 301 Materials 2016Disclosure 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 130 Disclosure 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials130 EnergyEnergy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 128-129 GRI 302 Energy 2016Disclosure 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization128-129 Disclosure 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization128-129 Disclosure 302-3 Energy intensity 129 Disclosure 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 128-129 Disclosure 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services128-129 Water and EffluentsWater and Effluents GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 130 GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018Disclosure 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource130 Disclosure 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts130 Disclosure 303-5 Water consumption 130 GRI Standard Disclosure Location BiodiversityBiodiversity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 57 GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016Disclosure 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity57 EmissionsEmissions GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 GRI 305 Emissions 2016Disclosure 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 129 Disclosure 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 129 Disclosure 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 129 Disclosure 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 67 129 WasteWaste GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 130 GRI 306 Waste 2020Disclosure 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste- related impacts130 Disclosure 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impact130 Disclosure 306-3 Waste generated 130 Supplier Environmental AssessmentSupplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016Disclosure 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken139 EmploymentEmployment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 94-95 100-101 GRI 401 Employment 2016Disclosure 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 130-131 Disclosure 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees100-102 Occupational Health and SafetyOccupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 100-102 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018Disclosure 403-3 Occupational health services 100-102 Disclosure 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety100-102 Disclosure 403-6 Promotion of worker health 100-102 Disclosure 403-9 Work-related injuries 131 Disclosure 403-10 Work-related ill health 100-102 Training and EducationTraining and Education GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 95-99 GRI 404 Training and Education 2016Disclosure 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee134 Disclosure 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs95-99 Diversity and Equal OpportunityDiversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 120 131 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016Disclosure 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees121 130-131 136 GRI Standard Disclosure Location 157 156 Indexes GRI Standard Disclosure Location Non-discriminationNon-discrimination GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 94 131 GRI 406 Non-discrimination 2016Disclosure 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken94 131 Child LaborChild Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 131 Forced or Compulsory LaborForced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 131 Local Communities Local Communities GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 28-30 103-113 GRI 413 Local Communities 2016Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs28-30 103-113 Supplier Social AssessmentSupplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016Disclosure 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria139 Disclosure 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken139 Customer Health and SafetyCustomer Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 84-88 Marketing and LabelingMarketing and Labeling GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 88-89 132 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 2016Disclosure 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling132 Customer PrivacyCustomer Privacy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 88-90 133 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting GuideEnvironmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchangeof Hong Kong Stock Exchange Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location of Disclosure A. Environment Aspect A1 Emissions General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. KPI A1. 5Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 3Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. KPI A4. 1Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social Employment and Labour Practices Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti- discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. Not applicable KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle- blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. CommunityCommunity Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. KPI B8. 2Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location of Disclosure 161 160 Indexes TCFD Recommended Disclosures Location of Disclosure or Direct Explanation Governance Disclosure of the organization s governance around climate-related risks and opportunitiesGovernance Disclosure of the organization s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities a) Description of board s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities48 b) Description of management s role in assessing and managing climate- related risks and opportunities48 Strategy Disclosure of the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s Strategy Disclosure of the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy, and financial planningbusinesses, strategy, and financial planning a) Description of climate-related risks and opportunities identified by the organization over the short, medium and long term53-55 b) Description of impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy and financial planning50-67 128-130 143 c) Description of the resilience of the organization s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios50-67 143 Risk management Disclosure of the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related Risk management Disclosure of the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related risksrisks a) Description of the organization s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks53-57 b) Description of the organization s processes for managing climate- related risks53-57 c) Description of how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization s overall risk management53-57 Metrics and Targets Disclosure of the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and Metrics and Targets Disclosure of the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunitiesopportunities a) Disclosure of the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process53-57 128-130 b) Disclosure of Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks129 c) Description of the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets48-67 Task Force on Climate-Related Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Index Financial Disclosure (TCFD) IndexTCFD Recommended Disclosures Location of Disclosure or Direct Explanation Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) Principle 1 AlignmentPrinciple 1 Alignment We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals needs and society s goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks. Business Model Describe (high-level) your bank s business model, including the main customer segments served, types of products and services provided, the main sectors and types of activities, and where relevant the technologies financed across the main geographies in which your bank has operations or provides products and services. As China s most globalized and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions. By the end of 2022, the Bank had established 10, 312 outlets in China, and overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions all over the world, including 42 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). The Bank recorded mobile banking customers of 254 million. The balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (according to CBIRC standard) was equivalent to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, up 41. 08 year-on-year. Green bond business remained in a leading position in the market. RMB25. 746 billion of national student loans was granted to help over 1. 8 million students in financial difficulties to complete their studies. Nearly 56, 000 special education and publicity activities on consumer protection were held in 2022, reaching 737 million consumers. More than 220 public-benefit fundraising activities were held through the BOC Philanthropy platform, raising RMB44, 789, 000 from 682, 600 donations More than RMB79 million in assistance funds and RMB700 million in credit funds were invested in the four counties of Xianyang City, and the Bank introduced RMB210 million in investment to the counties in 2022. In 2022, a total of RMB187 million of agricultural products from the areas lifted out of poverty was purchased and sold, directly benefiting nearly 500, 000 people. Strategic consistency In your bank s corporate strategy, will sustainability be identified as a strategic priority and indicated? The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Action Plan of Bank of China for Serving CO2 Emissions Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Goals, with the aim to contributing more to the high-quality development of national economy, society and environment. The Bank participated in green and ESG initiatives and mechanisms such as PRB and TCFD and actively supported the implementation of the UN s SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. Principle 2 Impact & Target SettingPrinciple 2 Impact & Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. Impact Analysis Show that your bank has conducted an impact analysis on investment portfolios, and identified the areas of most significant impact and the areas for which objectives are set on a priority basis. Reporting and Self-assessment Requirements Reporting and Self-assessment Requirements for the UN s for the UN s Principles for Responsible BankingPrinciples for Responsible Banking Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response 163 162 Indexes Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) 2. 2 Target Setting Show that your bank has set and published a minimum of two targets, which address at least two of the identified areas of most significant impact in the impact analysis. BOC will excellently fulfill the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements in 2021-2025. 2. In 2021-2025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB2 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. BOC will provide no less than RMB1 trillion of financial support for green industries in 2021-2025, with the balance of green credit going up year by year. BOC will tighten credit control over the brown industries in 2021- 2025. 4. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. In 2022, the balance of inclusive finance loans for small and micro enterprises grew by 39. 34. The number of the loan customers rose by 20. 87. Their balance stood at RMB1. 23 trillion, meeting annual expectations. The balance of green credit was RMB1, 987. 2 billion (by the standard of the CBIRC) in 2022, overfulfilling the target. The green consumer credit balance in the Chinese mainland grew at a YoY pace faster than 60. The proportion of corporate credit to brown industries continued to drop below 10. Throughout the year, no financing was provided for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China, meeting expectations. Principle 3 Clients & CustomersPrinciple 3 Clients & Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. Customer participation Describe how your bank has worked with and or is planning to work with its clients and customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable sustainable economic activities. In 2022, the Bank compiled the BOC Green Handbook of Financial Products and Services in both English and Chinese, further publicized green finance products and services and better served the diversified needs of customers. The Bank integrated green and environmental protection philosophies into daily service and operation, created green lobbies, and installed smart LED screens to support the unified release of publicity information in outlets and intelligent display. As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) 3. 2 Business opportunities Describe the strategic business opportunities identified by your bank to increase positive impacts and reduce negative impacts and or how to tackle them during the reporting period. In terms of inclusive finance, the Bank continuously enriched the lineup of online inclusive financial products, launched the integrated service platform for inclusive financial customers, and innovated the overall plan of I SMART-Digital Inclusive Finance Service. The Agriculture, Culture and Tourism Loan inclusive financial services programme was created to promote the integrated development of primary, secondary, and tertiary industries in rural areas. The Seed Industry Loan, Agricultural Machinery Loan, and other service schemes were rolled out to increase financing support for key areas such as the grain industry chain and agricultural modernization. In terms of green finance, the Bank created the One Mainstay, Two Engines pattern with domestic commercial banking services as the business mainstay, gave full play to the Group s advantages in globalized and integrated operation, and promoted the sound and rapid development of green finance businesses such as stock, bond, loan, investment, insurance and leasing. At the same time, the Bank kept optimizing the structure of brown industries, and followed the one-ballot veto rule for environmental protection. It didn t provide credit support for the projects failing to pass relevant standards such as national environmental impact assessment standard, and the customers and projects engaging in deforestation of natural forests against regulations, causing damage to biodiversity and poaching wildlife. Local environmental protection laws and regulations were strictly observed during project construction. It strictly fulfilled its commitment that BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. Principle 4 StakeholdersPrinciple 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society s goals. Identification of and consultation with stakeholders Describe which stakeholders (or groups types of stakeholders) your bank has consulted, engaged, collaborated or partnered with for the purpose of implementing these Principles and improving your bank s impacts. The Bank maintained unobstructed channels for communication with stakeholders in different areas and categories such as the state, customers, shareholders, environment, communities and employees, regularly conducted materiality analysis, invited internal and external stakeholders to assess the social responsibility topics identified through online questionnaires, and understood the extent to which CSR issues of the Bank influence different stakeholder groups as well as their suggestions and expectations for the Bank in performing CSRs. The Bank strengthened communication and better maintained relations with key investment institutions and actively communicated its investment value. Governance Structure for Implementing the Principles for Responsible Banking Describe the relevant governance structures, policies and procedures your bank has in place is planning to put in place to manage significant positive and negative (potential) impacts and support effective implementation of the Principles. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby laying a solid foundation for the long-term steady operation of the Bank. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response 165 164 Indexes Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) The Bank gives full play to the organizational management role of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the field of green finance, maintains the three-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and professional teams. The Board of Directors (or its special committee) is responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan as well as the green finance targets set by the Senior Management and the green finance reports submitted by it. At the same time, it also supervises and evaluates the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. The Green Finance Committee is responsible for the overall management and professional decision-making of the Group s green financial work, and is chaired by the bank leader in charge of the risk management department. The Bank has further improved the personnel appraisal mechanism for green finance, introduced green finance indicators to the senior management personnel appraisal and linked appraisal results with salary distribution. The Strategic Development Committee regularly reviewed green finance strategies and their implementation. The Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee regularly reviewed the Bank s ESG-related development plans, policies and reports. The Bank conducted 20 training sessions for board members throughout the year, with directors participation of 63 person-times and an average of 25. 5 hours for each member. In terms of green finance, the Bank constantly ramped up team building efforts, cultivated professionals, and conducted research on green finance subject. It also participated in the formulation of green finance standards, raised all employees awareness of green finance subjects, laid an intelligent foundation for green development and built a responsible banking culture covering all employees. Policies and Due Diligence Process Describe the due diligence process that your bank has to identify and manage the environmental and social risks in investment portfolios. The due diligence covered 13 aspects such as ESG risk assessment and management system, labor and working conditions, and pollution prevention & control. The Bank terminated the approval process relating to the customers or projects for which no due diligence on ESG risks was conducted. It reviewed ESG compliance risks. The Bank focused on review of customers with medium and high risks during credit review and approval. For the customers (projects) that may have significant impacts on social stability and public interest, the Bank conducted adequate assessment of the ESG risks associated with them. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) In the aspects of risk monitoring and reporting, the Bank regularly monitored the risk exposure to the brown industries and its share given the preset portfolio and industry-level indicators, and sent the assessment results to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors through the group-wide risk report. Principle 6 Transparency & AccountabilityPrinciple 6 Transparency & Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society s goals. AssuranceEvery year, the Bank invites a professional third-party assurance agency to conduct independent assurance of some key data (ESG) in the CSR report, enhancing the credibility and reliability of information in the report. Focused on areas closely related to people s well-being such as social security, medical care, and housing, the Bank will promote the integration of financial and non-financial development, accelerate the construction of four strategic scenarios, that is, cross-border business, education, sports, and elderly care, in an effort to improve people s sense of fulfillment and happiness. Spearheaded by the green concepts, BOC will be dedicated to developing green finance. BOC will better balance development and security, step up efforts to transmit comprehensive risk management concepts, policies, and systems, and improve the risk management system that is aligned with the Group s strategies continuously. BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and with reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards 2021 ). The identification process and analysis results have been presented in the sections headed Identification of Material Issues and Materiality Matrix and Table, respectively. Part of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Balance e d d f The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Consistency d d d f Unless stated otherwise, the data disclosed in the Report has been under statistical analysis based on the Group's standardized information collection process and working mechanism, thereby the relevant data statistical approach remains consistent with the assumptions made during preparation of the Report, to ensure year-to-year comparison of the data. cnSCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The Report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2022. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the seventh annual Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company s commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group s performance on sustainable ESG development in 2022 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders. PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports, financial reports and Shared Service Centers of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. cn China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited4 ESG d d d d d d d f d e d e e f e d d d e f d d d d f d 55. 19 d d d f e e e d d e l d e d d f d d fFOREWORD ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our co-operative partners and to generate long- term returns to our shareholders. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrial-leading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. Guided by the strategy of Quality Development for Success in Premiumization, the Group actively improves its diversified product portfolio of domestic brands international brands, offers high-quality beer, and advocates rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. In addition, the Group maintains its investment in brand building that is above the industry level, constructs various beer consumption scenarios, attracts more young consumers by providing creative consumption experiences, to enhance premium beer brand image. In 2022, by acquiring a 55. 19 equity interest in Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. ( ), the Group consolidated its existing baijiu business resources and further strengthened the Group s competitiveness and brand influence within the Chinese baijiu industry through its dual empowerment model for beer and baiju businesses. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of the Group is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. The Group cares about the physical and mental health as well as career development of our employees, and strives to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. The Group attaches great importance to safe production, always adheres to the occupational health and safety work management concept of people-oriented, safe development, and pursues the direction of zero injury, zero accident to implement management details. Through strategic actions such as establishing star- rated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of beer. As a responsible corporate citizen, we care about the society and are enthusiastic about public welfare. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited6 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES SnowMS QFS FSSC22000e ISOeHACCP 98 f The Group established a quality and food safety management system with characteristics of CRSB (short as SnowMS QFS) passed a total of 98 international systems certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. d 20. 7 i 87. 0 f Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 year-on-year; the customer satisfaction survey score has been improved to 87. 0 points. d d f All beer products pass both ex- factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision. Environmental Protection 0. 0195 158. 4 d 5. 7 f Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit was 0. 0195 tonnes of standard coal per kilolitre output (or 158. 4 kWh per kilolitre output), decreased by 5. 7 over last year. d 9. 8 f Greenhouse gas emission intensity per unit (scope 1 2) was 0. 075 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output, decreased by 9. 8 over last year. d 0. 3 d 1. 0 f Total output increased by 1. 3 year-on-year, but the amount of new water used only increased by 0. 3 year-on-year, and the water consumption intensity per unit decreased by 1. 0 year-on-year. f Sulphur dioxide (SO 2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 30. 1 and 21. 0 respectively over last year. d 1. 2 i9 f Only 2 plants left and only 1. 2 of the total amount of sewage was discharged into natural waters; 9 plants had implemented negotiated discharging limit with municipal sewage treatment facilities. j 100 f Non-hazardous waste recycling 100 recycling rate of dried distiller s grains and dried waste yeasts. d 130, 048 d 3, 496 f 32 plants have equipped with biogas boilers, converting about 130, 048 tonnes of steam for energy use in plants and saving about RMB 34. 96 million in cost of purchasing external steam. d 7 d 732 f 2 plants have set up photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects which are of a total installed capacity of 7 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 7. 32 million kWh during the year. d f Wuhan Plant was awarded with the title of national Green Plant and national Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, both are the two highest honors in domestic manufacturing sector. OVERVIEW OF 2022 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 7 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Care for Staff j d 0. 6f Safety production Injury rate per thousand staff has been less than 0. 06 with zero work-related fatalities for the three consecutive years. d 55, 304 d e 24, 975 f Approximately 642 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided, covering 55, 304 employees and 24, 975 suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties. Social Responsibilities 1, 880 d 5, 110 f More than 1, 880 employees participated and more than 5, 110 hours were spent in voluntary activities during the year. Green and environmental protection China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited10 Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature National Water Efficient Leading Enterprise China Resources Snow Breweries (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. e e e National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China, Ministry of Water Resources of the People s Republic of China and State Administration of Market Regulation Green and environmental protection Hunan Ecological Environment Education Base China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. Xiangxi Branch Ecology and Environment Department of Hunan Green and environmental protection 2022 The project management experience in the China Resources Snow Quality and Food Safety Management System won the quality benchmark of Heilongjiang Province in 2022 China Resources Snow Breweries (Heilongjiang) Co., Ltd. Department of Industry and Information Technology of Heilongjiang Province Food safety 2021 Excellent Enterprise in Implementation of the Main Responsibility of Food Production awarded by Liaoning Province in 2021 China Resources Snow Breweries (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. Liaoning Administration for Market Regulation Food safety 2022 SM C-CSI Ranked No. 1 in the 2022 (Eighth) China Customer Satisfaction IndexSM (C-CSI ) in terms of beer category The Brand of Snow Beer Chnbrand Brand rating authority Chnbrand Food safety CSTD The talent training program of Cyclone Plan won the gold medal (first place) in the 7th CSTD China Learning and Design Competition China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CSTD CSTD, China s leading talent development service platform Talent training CSTD 2022 CSTD First Talent Development Lighthouse Award 2022 China Talent Development Lighthouse Award Model Enterprise China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CSTD CSTD, China s leading talent development service platform Talent training Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 11 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded Organization Issuing Authority Nature 2022 14 CEFE The 14th CEFE BOOAOO Award in 2022 Benchmarking Enterprise of Digital Learning Application China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Online-edu (an online education information network) Talent training 2022 2022 KNX X Awards Human Capital Management Practice Competition Excellent Case of Digital Intelligence Talent Development China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited KNX Talent training National Demonstration Enterprise in the Establishment of Harmonious Labor Relations China Resources Snow Breweries (Tibet) Co., Ltd. e e e e Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China, All-China Federation of Trade Unions, China Enterprise Confederation, China Enterprise Directors Association, and All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce Employee relations China Corporate Citizenship Forum Excellent Corporate Culture Award of the Year China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited21 21st Century Finance Corporate culture 2022 2022 GoldenBee Corporate Social Responsibility Influential and Leading Enterprise China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited GoldenBee Think Tank Corporate culture China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited12 e f d e d d d d f d d d e d f ESG ESG d ESG d ESG f ESG f d d j d EHS e e d f ESG f ESG fENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, the Group consolidates the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improve our own management standard, strive to provide high-quality products to and create value for customers, and promote the corporate sustainable development. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding ESG, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group s ESG strategy and the results presented in this report. The board of directors hold semi-annual meetings with the senior management regularly, or special meetings when necessary, to guide the senior management on the following matters The Board is responsible for supervising and approving the sustainable development strategy of the Group, including the 14th Five-Year Plan for EHS management, the Carbon Peak Action Plan, water resource management objectives, etc., to ensure that the group is moving towards sustainable development. The Board supervises the Group s annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Business and related risks. The Board oversees and reviews the Group s communication with stakeholders and the identification and assessment results of ESG material issues. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 13 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG d f e f d d d ESG f d ESG d f ESG d ESG d d d ESG e ESG e ESG f f The Board monitors and reviews the progress of the Group s ESG targets and environmental management policies and strategies. The Board supervises the Group and its various work levels (decision-making level, supervision level and execution level) to implement various actions according to the work plan. In addition, at the committee level, the Audit Committee hold semi-annual meetings, in which ESG-related business risks would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. Through the Group s three lines of defense risk management structure, the Audit Committee supervises the ESG risk management of the business as well as the implementation of related actions with timely guidance and suggestions provided. Apart from requiring the ESG report shall be in compliance with the newly revised terms of the regulatory authorities, the Board also suggests the Group to reasonably take into account the expectations of investors towards the ESG report, by considering voluntarily disclosure on the content of the work in respect of social responsibilities and corporate governance as well as the management targets of emission reduction in response to carbon neutrality, while at the same time strengthening the internal review of ESG information, the review of raw material suppliers in terms of ESG aspects, and the relevant ESG related trainings and participation of the directors and senior managements of the Company. The report team has listened to these relevant suggestions and incorporated the related contents into this Report. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited14 e EHS d EHS d d EHS f e d e e e d f ESG j Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level The board To monitor the Company s assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue on the Company s business model d To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESG-related targets and indicators To review and monitor environmental management policies and strategies Decision- making level The senior management ESG e To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies and targets To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG d e To facilitate top-down ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branches The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, as well as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. Upon the gradual adjustment of organizational structure, it is clarified that the Group s water resources management strategy and performance have been directly responsible and coordinated by the Production Center in Headquarters, and the results are regularly reported to the CEO. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and its actual business conditions, the Group had formulated its EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan. Departments such as the EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the Chief Executive Officer. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. The scope of assessment and evaluation includes production safety, environmental protection, occupational health, carbon emission management, food quality and safety, etc. The relevant ESG performance of the Group has been linked to the compensation of the management team. By establishing an EHS incentive mechanisms, formulating assessment methods with rewards and punishments specified, the Group is able to achieve and decompose EHS indicators for better implementation. The Group regularly assesses and evaluates the EHS work of business units as well as the completion of target tasks, the assessment results of which are included in the performance contract. The Group commends and rewards organizations and individuals that have achieved outstanding EHS performance or that have made important contributions to the improvement of EHS management standards. e 2060 d d f d d EHS f d ESG 12 d f EHS e e e ESG d d f ESG ESG d f EHS EHS d EHS d EHS f e e e e f ESG d EHS d d EHS d EHS d f EHS EHS i EHS d EHS f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 17 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS j Unit2025 Targets2022 Progress2020 BaselineChanges in 2022 vs. 2020 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit1 Tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 020 0. 021 -8. 6 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 50 2. 72 2. 69 1. 0 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions2 1, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent 825 850 914 -6. 9 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit2 Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 075 0. 084 -10. 7 SO2 Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes 20 9 23 -60. 4 NOX Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 100 67 117 -43. 0 Recycling rate of dried distiller s grains 100 100 100 Recycling rate of dried waste yeast 100 100 100 4 Social (4 items) Average training hours for each full-time employee in full year Hours 36. 1 31. 7 29. 3 8. 2 Total training hours for full-time employee Thousand hours 866 762 779 -2. 2 Average training cost for each full-time employee RMB 426 655 341 92. 1 Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 Targets set and progress in the Group s EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan are as below China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited18 1. d f 2. f d d 2023 2025 e e e f f d f d ESG f d d e e e e e d d f1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal Calculation Method of Carbon Emission of CRSB. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG data of 2021 have been restated in accordance with the calculation method consistent with 2022. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group s business management and development. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 19 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline and online smart customer service system Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited20The Group continues to use the list of material issues set in 2021 ESG Report. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material issue in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring. d ESG f d d d ESG d d fIDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. In compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to the sustainable development of CR Beer and Materiality to stakeholders, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. Corporate Social Responsibility Management Requirements Corporate Strategies and Operating Highlights Relevant Requirements of Domestic and International Social Responsibility Standards Agenda of Social Responsibility Stakeholders Analysis f e d d e f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 21 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Materiality Matrix and Table of All Stakeholders 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anti-corruptions 13 Environmental compliance 14 Low-carbon operation 16 Control of hazardous and non- hazardous waste generation 24 Labour standards and labour relations 31 Product and technological innovation 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Supply chain management 5 Anti-trust and fair competition 6 Use of more eco-friendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 e Proper use and recycling of resources 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 26 Occupational health and safety 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications29 Customer services 30 Protection of customer privacy 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations412136 39 40 1211938 37334 35 18724 2 31132 13 14334 1716 30 25 829 26 2019 1027 28 236 225 Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Stakeholders15 High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited22 Materiality Matrix and Table of Investors In response to the Board s recommendation to the Group regarding reasonably taking the expectations of investors towards the ESG Report into account, the Group has specifically identified and analyzed the concerns on ESG issues of investors, under which the material issues are as follow ESG d ESG d j 1 Integrity and compliance 2 Control of corporate governance risk 3 Anti-corruptions 13 Environmental compliance 19 Use of water resources 20 Consumption and recycling of packaging materials 24 Labour standards and labour relations 26 Occupational health and safety 32 Product Health and Food safety 34 Product quality and safety management 4 Management of Suppliers 5 Anti-trust and fair competition 6 Use of more eco-friendly products and services by suppliers 7 Supply chain responsibility management High Materiality Moderate Materiality Low Materiality 30 Protection of customer privacy 31 Product and technological innovation 33 Stability of raw materials supply 35 Operational efficiency of corporate assets 9 Capacity optimization 11 Control of production costs 12 Control of material costs 21 Advocating localized production and sales 36 Advocating rational drinking 37 Responsible consumptions 38 Social welfare 39 Community communication and involvement 40 Serving local economies 41 Rural revitalizations8 Marketing revenue 10 Product diversification 14 Low-carbon operation 15 Impact of significant climate change to business 16 Control of hazardous and non- hazardous waste generation 17 Efficiency enhancement for production processes 18 e Proper use and recycling of resources 22 Environment remediation mechanism 23 Protection of ecology and biodiversity 25 Staff development and training 27 Staff remunerations and benefits 28 Staff communications 29 Customer services Materiality to Sustainable Development of CR Beer Materiality to Investors 41 2136 39403712 119 334 351872619 2421 32 13 143 34 31 1716 30 2520 8 29 1027 28 236 22538 15 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 23 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report c d d d f d d f d f d f e e e d GB7718-2011 f d d j SnowMS QFS d SnowMS QFS 24 d d d e e d f FSSC22000 eISOeHACCP 98 fCHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES As a member of the food industry, the Group deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise s success. The Group strictly controls the safety and quality of food to provide beer products of the best quality in the market to customers. The Group makes innovation actively, protects intellectual property rights, and leads the industry to meet evolving market needs. The Group also encourages consumers to drink in a proper manner to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. The Group observes strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the People s Republic of China on product quality, food safety, food labeling standards, consumer rights protection, etc., such as the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the Provisions on the Administration of Food Labeling, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Food-related Products, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Product Anti-counterfeiting, the Measures for the Administration of Supervision and Inspection of Food Production and Operation, the General Principles for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food (GB7718-2011), etc. On the basis of 24 elements of Snow MS QFS System, the Group established a unified system maturity evaluation model that combined with the quality management requirements of CRSB, consolidating the quality and food safety management system through internal audit, pre-examination assistance, supervision and certification audit, etc. In 2022, Snow MS QFS System has passed 98 international system certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO and HACCP. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmark against national standards and industry standards intensively. The system can quickly and accurately push the latest effective standards to each position through setting the standard permissions. The system also provides multiple quick search methods such as intelligent search, tag search, intelligent collection, etc. Quality Management of Incoming Raw Materials In order to implement the Regulations on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China and fulfill the main duties for food safety of enterprises, CRSB employs a professional organization of a third-party professional organization with laboratory qualifications such as the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) every year to spot check the procured materials for beer production according to the destinated food safety indexes. In 2022, 194 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, food additives, bottle washing agents and beer packaging materials were sampled, with 230 samples and 5, 506 test indexes. The test results all met the requirements of national standards on food safety, effectively ensuring food safety of the production materials used by CRSB. d d e f d d e e e f 68 d 62 f e e d d ECM d d e d e e d d e e f d d 52 d f d d CNAS d f d e e 194 d 230 d 5, 506 d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 25 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCRSB continued to conduct quality audits on its supplier that it completed 275 quality audits on supplier with found 1, 710 problems found in 2022, and urged suppliers to carry out rectification to ensure food safety and hygiene. In addition, affected by the changes in the domestic and foreign market environments and the continued impact of the pandemic, the price of bulk raw materials continued to fluctuate in 2022. Further prevention of food safety-related risks and a long-term stable and controllable supply channel is also ensured. Meanwhile, the Group has maintained the strategic cooperation with key raw material suppliers and continued to implement 4 long-term cooperation agreements on domestic hops procurement as well as 11 long-term cooperation agreements on imported hops procurement in 2022. Quality Management in the Production Process CRSB has formulated the 4ACCP technical specification, unified the analysis steps and methods of key control points in quality and food safety, standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specification. The 4ACCP Control Plan is a control plan developed for the key control points of quality and food safety, which analyzes from the four aspects, i. e. food safety, food fraud, food threat and quality risk, determines key control points and critical limits, develops a control plan, and regularly monitors the implementation of control plan, with 66 key control points in quality and food safety determined currently. d 275 d 1, 710 d f d d f d e e d d d f d 4 d 11 f 4ACCP d d e d d f 4ACCP d e e d d d d 66 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited26 To maintain quality control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. During 2022, the verification and benchmark of Snow Star embraced beer, malt and hops, and a total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 21 supplier laboratories were verified to improve the inspection and testing capabilities. In addition, the Group formulated and strictly followed the Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a three-tier inspection system comprising self-inspection, mutual inspection and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. By implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience on food tracking. As of the end of 2022, the Group has a first-class team of beer tasters in China with a total of 38 national-level judges, 4 of which are lifetime honorary judges. In addition, the Group has established a three-tier team of beer tasters at headquarters, regional companies and plants respectively to achieve sensory quality control of the entire production process of raw and auxiliary materials, semi-finished products and finished products. In 2022 the 4th National Beer Tasting Vocational Skills Competition, one beer taster of the Group was awarded the title of National Technical Master, six beer tasters were awarded the title of National Technical Master in the Light Industry, and 38 beer tasters were awarded the title of National Technical Master in the Brewing Industry, demonstrating CRSB s leading beer tasting skills in the industry. d f d e e d d f d e e d 68 21 d f d d e e f STTS (Snow track and trace system) d d QR DM i e e d f e d d f d 38 d 4 f d e e d e e f d 1 d 6 d 38 d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 27 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group has adopted an extended quality management approach to achieve centralized planning at the headquarters, management by regional companies nearby and shared use of consolidated information, such that the three levels of headquarters, regional companies and breweries can co-operate efficiently. The Group integrated the concepts, principles, practices, tools and technologies of lean management into all aspects of quality and food safety management. Quality Management of Products on the Market With a view to continuously improving product quality and customer satisfaction, the Group continued to promote the project of Eliminating Impure Beer. Meanwhile, the Group initiated the procurement reform of bottle washing agents, carried out extended inspection and assistance on the quality of recycled bottles, improved bottle washing quality and reduced market complaints. The Group also improved products image in the end market by improving the quality of spraying on packages of high-end beer in glass bottles and cans. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 year-on-year. At the same time, the Group organized professional teams to train and inspect the quality protection knowledge of its plants, logistics providers and distributors. d e e d e e f e e e d TPM eQCeSPC d d d f 1, 500 d f d d d f d d d d f d e f d d 20. 7 f e d d f d d d f e e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited28 The Group has formulated relevant food safety management regulations such as the Contingency Plan on Food Safety, the Management Regulations on Product Recall and the Management Regulations on Unqualified Products to manage recalled products at three levels and put forward different recall requirements for different recall levels. In 2022, the Group actively responded to the requirements of the Notice on Strengthening the Investigation and Prevention of Food Production Safety Risks promulgated by the General Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation. All beer products of the Group have passed both ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of Beer. The total oxygen content of the product was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. In 2022, all units of the Group carried out emergency drills for food safety emergencies, reaching a rate of 100. II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION To satisfy the ever-changing needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law, the Group has carried out intellectual property application, maintenance and rights protection work. The regional companies formulated the Regulations for the Implementation of Management of Research and Development Projects. While developing innovative products, China Resources Beer also adheres to the requirements for product quality and food safety. Before the newly developed products are put on the market, the Group shall carry out food safety assessment on beer body and packaging materials, including compliance check of raw materials, microbial test of beer body, taste test, food safety inspection, performance test of packaging materials, food safety verification, etc., so as to ensure that the quality and safety of newly developed products meet national standards. After the new products got listed on the market, the technical R&D team shall follow up the market status and get market feedback in time. d e f d d d e d f d e e e 10 d 7 f d f d e e e e e d f d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited30 In 2022, the Group actively promoted independent research and development projects such as new product development, sustainable development, smart factory project, research on key flavor substances, brewing technology upgrades, and packaging diversification. The Group s research and development investment on these projects has amounted to RMB 134. 67 million with a scientific research team of 115 people. Since 2021, the Group has launched the carbonated beverage called Snow Xiao Pi Qi, which focuses on the selling points of zero alcohol, zero fat and zero pressure that catered to the multiple needs of modern young people in gathering and healthy diet. In 2022, the Group has successfully passed the certification of the Management Code of Enterprise Intellectual Property (National Standard of PRC GB T29490-2013), which marks that the Group has in fully compliance with the national standards for intellectual property management in terms of beer packaging design, research and development of production process, beer sales, etc. In 2022, the Group filed more than 500 applications of new trademark registration in China, including brands such as Zhuoyue and Joy Brew. The Group also issued 3 applications for the Certificate of Invention Patents and two applications for the Certificate of Utility Model Patent that has been granted. By the end of 2022, the Group had maintained 3, 703 registered domestic trademarks, 92 authorized patents and 76 registered copyrights. The Group strictly abides by laws and regulations on the field of intellectual property rights and has not been found any material violations in 2022. d e e e e e d 13, 467 d 115 f d e e d f d d f d d e 703 d d f d GB T29490-2013 d e e f d d e joy brew i d i d f d 3, 703 d 92 d 76 f d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 31 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) ADVOCATING RATIONAL DRINKING AND RESPONSIBLE MARKETING As a beer manufacturer with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the national advocation of rational drinking and promotes a healthy and edified lifestyle, ensuring fair, reliable and responsible marketing information. The Group implements a strict review system for content used in advertisement and the rules of prize-attached sales, to ensure the legality and compliance of marketing content and to prevent legal risks in advertising and prize-attached sales, while avoiding infringing on other people s rights. In addition, the Group has established a top-down management mechanism to supervise responsible marketing activities in all regions. In the meantime, employees are also responsible for the supervision of responsible marketing that once any employee found false advertisement to be forwarded, he or she should report the false advertisement in time. The Group regularly reviews all product marketing and promotion contents on yearly basis to ensure that the contents disseminated are legal and compliant as well as conform to the Group s concept of responsible marketing and to eliminate false marketing from the source. It is stipulated that the encouraging or inductive contents such as unrestrained drinking or drinking excessively are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The communication contents and content review mechanism are also clearly stipulated in the related guidelines, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the enterprise advertising contents to be released soon, guiding consumers correctly from the root. The Group publicizes internally the special prohibitions on alcohol advertising and strictly implements them, including but not limited to No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of unrestrained drinking. No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others; No expression or implication that drinking contributes to the success of personal, business, society, sport, sexual life and others. Apart from clearly indicating ingredients and alcohol content on product packages, the Group also prompts persuasive signs and words such as Excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to health in print, television, film and digital advertisements as well as in product labels, taking the initiative to give potential risk warnings. d d f d d e d d d d f d j h e i h i h i h e e d i h e i h e e e e f d e e e e d f d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 33 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportPromotion and Training of Responsible Marketing In order to better control responsible marketing, the Marketing Center, Brand Management Department and Legal Compliance Department of the Group actively promote annual training of responsible marketing to all employees with following contents Training Scope of Responsible Marketing Training Contents Basic principles of responsible marketing e e Being complied with the principles of morality, legality, honesty and truthfulness. Target group of responsible marketing Targeting people who have reached the legal drinking age. e e e e e d The marketing and promotion should aim to steer clear of those who under the legal drinking age (for example, objects, images, styles, symbols, colors, music and characters including cartoon characters that appeal to children or adolescent should not be used in marketing campaigns and commercial publicity). Avoiding using false information (e. g., not implying or claiming that beer has therapeutic or health benefits). Ensuring that employees are knowledgeable about the rules pertaining to responsible marketing. d e d j China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited34 Advocate Rational Drinking The Group has collaborated with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 8 consecutive years and has been a member of its Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee. The Group regularly organizes events such as National Rational Drinking Publicity Week every year with the intention to introduce the initiative of Care the Youth, No Underage Drinking to the entire industry and society. In 2022, specific actions include Released the 2022 China Green Paper on Prevention of Underage Drinking, the online survey of which has lasted for more than 5 months with a total of 134, 480 valid samples collected, covering 31 provinces and regions in China and students from 9 designated provinces and cities. Hosted the theme event of Ten Thousand Stores Together, Not Selling Beer to Minors to encourage alcoholic enterprises, retailers, industry associations across the country to make a joint commitment of not selling beer to minors, which in return should promote industry s sustainable development. The content covers the compliance of online sales and distribution of alcohol products, protection of minors, rational drinking, etc., which actively enhanced industry cooperation in advocating rational drinking and strengthen industry self-discipline. d China SAO d d e e d j h 2022 d 5 d 31 d 9 d 134, 480 f h d d e e d f h d e e d e e d d f h e TOP10 d 1, 088 4, 226 f h 5X e d 5 10 e LED d 3 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 35 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Produced the micro-film Nezha Conquers alcohol with a public welfare theme focusing on the growth of teenagers. The cumulative online and offline broadcasts reached approximately 80 million times. Launched the NFT digital collection with a public welfare theme of rational drinking for the first time, and all the proceeds of which shall be donated to China Youth Development Foundation for the protection of minors. Operated the WeChat official accounts with three columns of Care the Youth, No Underage Drinking, Rational Citizen Says No to Drunk Driving and Moderate Drinking, Merry Life, on which featured articles are regularly published to popularize the knowledge about underage drinking prevention, drunk driving prevention and alcohol culture. In addition, the Group and its strategic cooperation brand Heineken beer jointly advocate and support the commitment to responsible drinking. The brand invests about 10 of its yearly media budget in promoting rational drinking and responsible drinking. During the reporting period, the Group continued to improve its customer service system and optimized its rapid response system for client complaints. Upon receiving such work order, the customer service consultant must contact the consumer within 30 minutes to understand details and strive to resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. For complaints about defective product, it is necessary to reply to the customers in the customer service system within 72 hours, maintain the progress of processing, upload photos of physical alcohol drinks, etc. h d 8, 000 f h NFT d d f h e e e e d e f d d 10 f d d f d d f d f j (1) j d 30 d d 30 d i d 72 d e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited36 (2) System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint process are recorded online, which enable customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant department to improve. At the end of 2022, the Group launched a smart customer service system, which adopts a parallel service mode of robots and manual seats. Robots can provide 24-hour uninterrupted service and continuously improve customer experience. Rectification the Group s customer service team conducts real-time and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. The plant should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer. As of the end of 2022, the return-to-plant rate of complained beer reached 99. Business linkage the business operation departments need to acknowledge customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customer-oriented beer enterprise. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints about defective products received by the Group in 2022 decreased significantly by 20. 7 year-on-year, and the complaint rate of defective products decreased from 5. 8 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output to 4. 4 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output (complaint rate of defective products number of complaints about defective products total output). The survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling has been improved to 87. 0 points. j d d d f d d d 24 d f (3) j d d d f (4) j d d f d 99 f (5) j d d d f d 18. 5 f d 20. 7 d 5. 8 4. 4 d 87. 0 d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 37 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe table below shows the customer service indicator for the past two years Unit 2022 2021 Number of complaint received Cases 20, 600 21, 000 Number of complaints about defective product Cases 5, 000 6, 500 Number of complaints about poor service Cases 15, 600 14, 500 Customer complaint settlement rate 96. 0 95. 0 Re-visit rate of customer complaints 90. 0 90. 0 Effective communication rate of call center 99. 6 99. 5 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 99. 5 98. 5 Responsive time after receiving complaint Minutes30 Within 30 minutes30 Within 30 minutes Survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling Points 87. 0 86. 3 The number of complaint presented above is rounded up. Personal Information Protection The Group attaches great importance to the protection of consumers personal information in strictly compliance with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China. All suppliers involved in users private information must sign relevant contract clauses on information protection in line with the system requirements of the Company s Legal and Compliance Department, so as to maximize the protection of consumers personal privacy and information security. In terms of its business, the Group conducts compliance assessment and audit of consumer personal information protection in strict accordance with laws and regulations and the provisions of the Group s system, ensuring the compliance of personal information processing through agreements and authorizations. j f d d d f d d d d d d f d d d e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited38 The Group is in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management, and all levels can only view complaints and consumer information within their authority. Staff is forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers who initiated the complaint and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When customers file complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete their relevant personal information. During the operation, we also require relevant staff to comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Confidentiality Work Management System of the Group, and customer service staff is requested to sign the Confidentiality Undertaking before work. Such accountability on confidentiality is implemented for the fulfillment of our confidentiality obligation and the safeguard of information security. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any complaint involving attested invasion of customers privacy and hacking, leakage or loss of customer information or important information. V) SUPPLY CHAIN RESPONSIBILITY MANAGEMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF SUPPLIERS Management of Suppliers Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine undertaking, tendering and bidding process, etc. In addition, the Group advances the priority of quality through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure, which helps to achieve win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreement on strategic co-operation. The Group actively responds to national policies, strictly abides by laws and regulations on bidding, standardizes the bidding and procurement processes, actively responds to the national policy call for optimizing the business environment, and prevents any restrictions or exclusion of suppliers on the basis of unreasonable conditions. The Group pursues responsible procurement, formulates and implements procurement rules and regulations such as CRSB Procurement Management Systems and CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers, implements procurement processes such as supplier introduction, bidding, public procurement and price inquiry, and follows three key principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, with a responsible procurement ratio of 100. e d i d i d i e d f d d d d d f d e f d e e e d d d e e f d d d e e f d d d d f d e d e e e d e d 100 f e d d e d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 39 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn order to fulfil our social responsibility in respect of supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, starting from 2020, we have emphasized environment protection in the suppliers selection and certification criteria, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water waste gas treatment equipment, etc. Besides, the Group requires all suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environment- related technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Carrying out knowledge and compliance test of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and self-discipline they should perform. d e d d d j h i h i h i h f d j h d i h d i h i h d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited40 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years Unit 2022 2021 Total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 300 4, 800 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers Introduction rate 13. 6 9. 0 Elimination rate 9. 2 11. 0 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 7 99. 7 Other regions 0. 3 0. 3 Breakdown by types of products supplied e e Suppliers of productive materials (including raw and auxiliary materials, packaging materials and additives, etc.) Suppliers 1, 300 1, 100 Suppliers of non-productive materials Suppliers 3, 000 3, 700 The Group carries out circulation dynamics management of suppliers list and implemented supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation and elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee in accordance with the relevant regulations. In 2022, 19 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as non- compliance with social responsibilities. j d e e e e e d e e f f (1) j e e f d 19 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 41 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(2) On-site inspection and accreditation in 2022, the Group organized 11 large-scaled on-site inspections and accreditations covering approximately 280 new suppliers and co-operative suppliers with recommendations for improvements given. Supplier co-operation assessment the Group conducts monthly assessments on the co-operation with suppliers to ensure effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. Comprehensive evaluation of supplier the Group conducts annual comprehensive evaluation of suppliers and has established a Supplier Blacklist that those suppliers who commit serious violations of regulations and disciplines during the process of procurement bidding and co-operation shall be disqualified and included into the catalog with 5 years of prohibition time. Hierarchical management of suppliers in 2021, the Group formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Star-rated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. Dynamic management of supplier list CSBR supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. The supplier collaborative management system has been launched in 2022. Suppliers on list that do not provide to the required information will be eliminated and excluded from the supplier collaborative management system. Of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certification in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO, and 342 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certification in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO9001 or equivalent standards. j d 11 d 280 d f (3) j e e e e e e d f (4) j d d e d d f 38 f (5) j d d e e e e d f (6) j d f d d f d 347 d 118 e ISO d 342 HACCP d ISO 9001 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited42 Suppliers Responsibility Management The Group continued to facilitate the promotion of the Knowledge Manual for CRSB Suppliers on What Should Understand and Follow and urged the suppliers of the Group to follow our new rules and requirements in terms of green production, sustainable development and social responsibility. We encouraged the suppliers to implement environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. In 2022, the Group issued an email warning to all suppliers with supply quality problems. We conducted an interview with 58 suppliers, and tracked and confirmed the completion of quality problem rectification. When conducting on-site accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should understand and follow for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should understand and follow for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of supplies of the Group and the co-operation will be ceased for two years. Unit 2022 2021 Number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should understand and follow Suppliers 23 26 Number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 23 26 Number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 0 Pass rate 100 100 Elimination rate 0 0 In 2022, the Group conducted a test regarding what should understand and follow for newly-joint suppliers only, so the number presented above does not include suppliers who had previously completed relevant tests. d e e e d d e f d d 58 d f d d d f d f d d 23 d 230 f d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 43 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(VI) ANTI-CORRUPTION AND GOVERNANCE OF INTEGRITY The Group strictly obeys national laws and regulations pertaining to anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the PRC and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and executes relevant systems and documents of its parent company in its production and operation and earnestly carries out the system regulations such as the CRH s Business Code of Practice, the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited, and the Ten Directives of China Resources. In active response to the requirements of the Measures for Compliance Management of Central Enterprises issued by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the Group strictly follows the relevant norms on compliance management, participates in the decision-making of major issues about the Company, strictly conducts 100 legal review of the contracts, systems and major business decisions required by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, so as to effectively prevent and control compliance-related risks, and keep a good line of defense against compliance. e e d e d e e e e f d d f d d f d d d e e 100 d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited44 Internal Anti-corruption Norms The Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribe, extortion, fraud, money-laundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruptions. In addition, the Group has organized built a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. The Group s audit team conducts annual audits of its internal code of ethics and standards, so as to continuously improve and refine the involved systems. In respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, construction of major projects and spirit of the Eight Point Regulations of the Central Government to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. The Group insists that power shall go with responsibility, responsibility must be taken, discipline must be pursued, and failure must be accountable; and the disciplinary inspection department of the Group resolutely punishes corruption without wavering, and handles letters and cases in strict accordance with rules, disciplines and laws. No material problem concerning the above issues was identified by the Group based on the audit results. During the reporting period, the Group had no litigation relating to corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, or any other material violations and crimes reported. In 2022, for the sake of regulating and preventing corruption risks and promoting business transactions to be conducted in an honest and clean manner, the Group formulated two systems, namely, the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy, aiming at further improving the compliance system. The Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy clarifies the prohibited behaviors to prevent bribery, and regulates behaviors involving offering benefits, entertainment and souvenirs, charitable donations and sponsorships. The Whistleblowing Policy clarifies the following aspects in reporting the suspected behaviors, the protection of whistleblower, confidentiality, reporting channels, anonymous report, investigation, false report and so on. e e e e d f e d e e d e e f d f d e e e d f d d d d e f 10 d e e e d f d e e e d f d d d d f d e e f e e e e e e f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 45 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group organized 45 professional trainings and 48 legal education sessions, covering such fields as data compliance, personal information protection, anti-unfair competition and anti- monopoly, advertising law, environmental protection law, water pollution prevention and control law. In 2022, with a view to adapting to the second time organizational transformation, the audit department of the Group streamlined the approval procedures in operating to label each step by marketing, operation, production, procurement and function in the management system, which separated the business operating and professional support clearly, so as to achieve smooth connection and unified standards in each system from the front line to the headquarters, and thus to further strengthen the control and the operational efficiency. The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, construction, operation and capital management as well as key positions and arranges education activity relating to integrity culture. During the period under review, the Group held two company-wide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 employees, with an aim to continually build up employees awareness of rules. Moreover, the discipline inspection commissions at all levels carried out thematic education in a hierarchical and targeted manner, with 24 thematic education sessions held for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement and covered 1, 113 enrolments in key positions. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal connected transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, receipt of gifts. d 45 d 48 d e e e e i e e d d d f d d d e e e e d d d f e d d d e e e e e d f 2 d 2. 5 d f d e d e e d 24 d 1, 113 f d d d e e d f e e e e e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited46 The Group allocates the procurement approval process to each unit, and accurately divides the list of procurement items and the main responsibility authority. It also carries out hierarchical license management in accordance with procurement category authority and approval limit. In 2022, the public procurement rate reached over 98; the online procurement rate reached 100; the centralized procurement rate reached over 80; and the electronic bidding rate reached 100. Besides, suppliers are required to sign a Sunshine Undertaking in contract attachments when signing the procurement contract and submitting the tender documents, and the Legal Compliance Department of the Group is responsible for reviewing whether the Sunshine Undertaking is included in the contract to be signed, so as to standardize the compliance transaction behaviors. During the on-site certification of suppliers, the Group also requires all suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment and promise not to bribe employees of the Group, and resolutely refuse and report the solicitation and acceptance of bribes by employees of the Group, so as to ensure that the business practices of the suppliers and the Group fully comply with relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations and disciplinary requirements. In the meantime, all the staffs of the Group must sign the Integrity Code for On- site Certification of Suppliers, clearly put forward the laws and regulations related to anti-corruption and bribery to the suppliers, and restrain each other by signing contracts to carry forward honesty and integrity. During the first meeting about on-site certification of suppliers, the Group focused on promoting the culture of integrity procurement to its suppliers, creating a clean working atmosphere, and positively conveying the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations that such suppliers should follow, so as to promote anti-corruption and integrity to a deeper extent. In 2022, the publicity coverage of the Group towards centralized materials and suppliers of sizeable materials reached 100. d f e f d 98 d 100 d 80 d 100 f d d d f d d e d f d d e d d f d 100 d 100 f d d d e e d f d 100 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 47 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group, taking into account the practical business, resolved to promote and implement compliance management system in the field of bidding and procurement coming with high compliance risks, organized the proposed compliance officers involved in the field of bidding and procurement to participate in the compliance training camp, actively promoted the certified compliance officers in the field to take up the post, and advanced the implement of compliance management system. Simultaneously, the Group completed the nationwide promotion and launch of the contract management system, achieved the comprehensive coverage of the contract management system in the headquarters of China Resources Snow Breweries and 16 regional branches across China, and controlled all external payments of China Resources Beer, so as to effectively control legal and financial risks and improved approval efficiency. In terms of the risk management for marketing and anti-dumping and countervailing duty, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group completed sorting out prevention of legal risks of key accounts, legal risks of price management and legal risks of Internet business in 2022. During contract review and other business document review, the Group paid attention to anti- unfair competition, anti-monopoly, commercial bribery and other issues to ensure business compliance. The Group formulated model marketing contracts and model beer distribution contracts to escort business compliance. In addition, the Group formulated the Guidelines for Legal Audit of Prize-giving Sales and the Guidelines for Legal Audit of Advertisement to prevent relevant legal risks. d d d d d f d d 16 d d d f d e d d d d d f d d e e f d e e d f e d f e d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited48 Anti-monopoly and Anti-unfair Competition The Group has fully implemented the arrangements of anti- monopoly and anti-unfair competition. In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group followed up the revision of the Anti-Monopoly Law in real time, discussed the possible major impacts on the Company s business, made risk warnings and gave corresponding control suggestions. The Group drafted and issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alert in Anti- Monopoly Law Enforcement Cases, and analyzed the first anti- monopoly punishment case of the General Administration of Market Regulation in 2022, so as to provide a reference for the Company s business compliance. With regard to daily operations of the Company, the Group s Legal Compliance Department reviewed the newly launched information system, packaging, product manual, promotion plan, channel construction and other links that might involve unfair competition, and made preventive suggestions. In addition, it carried out professional training on themes such as brand compliance system management, brand endorsement risk prevention, distribution rebate and marketing criminal warning line. In 2022, the Group has never been punished by government regulatory authorities due to monopoly or unfair competition. f d d d f d 2022 d f f d e e e e f e e e f d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 49 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report c f d d f d e e d f d e f d d f d d e e e e e e e d e e e f d f d d d fCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to the management and operation principle of people-oriented for many years. The Group not only safeguards the rights and interests of the staff in any aspects, but also endeavors to offer them a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment to understand and meet their various needs on work and life. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivation of the staff and is dedicated to safeguarding the staff s appropriate treatment and law protection. The Group strictly complies with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Social Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China, the Regulations on Insurance for Work- related Injury, the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Protection of Women s Rights and Interests and the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China in order to safeguard the employment principle of equality. The companies under the Group have set up and continuously improved relevant management regulations in order to manage all employment issues in a proper and effective way. At the same time, the Group continuously improve and enhance the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. In accordance with the second three-year strategic deployment of the Group, the Group has completed the reform of the remuneration and benefit system for all employees and formed the one designed for the middle and junior level employees which is based on value of work position and integrated with the evaluation of professional grading and annual performance ranking. In respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays, in addition to strictly complying with the national and local laws and regulations, the Group also follow its internal policies on staff package and benefits, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, to protect the rights and interests of employees. The Group s business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. In 2022, during the period of regular pandemic prevention and control, the Group formulated the Notice on Daily Attendance Management during the COVID-19 Pandemic Period and the Notice on Daily Management under the New Normal of Pandemic Prevention and Control to meet the reasonable working-from-home and vacation needs of employees affected by the pandemic, and to protect employees income from being affected to the greatest extent during the period of prolonged lockdown and suspension of production. e e d d f d d f d d d f d d d f d d d d f d d e e e e e e f d d d e d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 51 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportMoreover, we followed the national and local labour laws as well as the internal policy of the Group to implement working hour management, and paid corresponding remuneration according to the staff s job position and actual working hours. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labour rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. II) TALENTS RECRUITMENT AND MANAGEMENT To assure the recruitment and performance evaluation process on a transparent, open, fair and justice basis, the Group has developed human resources management systems and management regulations as well as continued to improve and upgrade. The Group s staff recruitment, review and approval procedures are set according to the internal policy of Recruitment Administrative and fully cover the recruitment process of various positions. We strictly complies with the requirements of the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Employment Promotion Law of the People s Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations which had a significant impact on the Group. The Group not only strictly complies with the requirement of Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, Prohibition on Child Labor and Law on the Protection of Minors, but also established policies on preventing child labour or forced labour and managed the compliance and quality of employment from the hiring stage. Hiring informatization system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labour force on a voluntary basis during the site interview and other scenarios. Moreover, the Group also provides sufficient opportunities to the disabled and demobilized soldiers looking for jobs. d d f d e d d f d d e i f d d d d (OA) e d e d f d e e f e e e d d f d f e f e d d d 18 d f d e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited52 In the meantime, the Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. The Group has designated the manager in charge of labor policies to act as coordinator during employment. Whenever breaches are identified, coordinator shall be reported immediately and then asked the person responsible for labor policies to conduct investigation and report on the investigation. The coordinator shall report and make recommendation to the director of human resources department for approval after making analysis. After the above process, the coordinator will confirm the results. During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labour. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise HR personnel s awareness of the risk of labor employment disputes. The Group properly managed the staff s information, such as recruitment and attendance, through various systems and measures, formulating information system data quality and system application appraisal indicators and conducting inspections and assessments quarterly to ensure the accuracy and quality of relevant statistics. At the same time, key data information was checked on an irregular basis each month by the Group and relevant regular training was organized to ensure the system operate normally and can be operated by the staff properly. As the Group s business presence is across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and introduced management trainee and school enrollment system to promote school-enterprise cooperation and employment. Over 42. 4 of the staff had obtained a bachelor s degree. d e d d f f d d f d d f d f d d f d d d d d d f d 100 d 100 f d d d d f d d f d d e d d f d 24, 000 d 36. 9 d 9. 3 d 42. 4 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 53 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe scope of the Group s human resources related data mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. f Unit 2022 2021 (1) Total number of employees (1) People 24, 000 26, 900 Total number of full-time employees by gender Male People 17, 500 18, 000 Female People 6, 500 7, 000 Total number of full-time employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below People 5, 400 5, 200 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 People 10, 500 11, 300 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 200 6, 500 50 Employees with age 50 or above People 1, 900 2, 000 Total number of full-time employees by region Mainland China and Hong Kong People 24, 000 25, 000 (2) Local employment rate (2) 100 95 f (1) i 25, 000 1, 900 f (2) d f The number of employees presented above is rounded up. The total number of employees in 2022 include the number of part-time employees (which is zero in this year). The total number of employees in 2021 includes approximately 25, 000 full-time employees and approximately 1, 900 part-time employees. Local employment rate is an estimated figure which represents employees working locally upon employment. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited54 Unit 2022 2021 Total number of full-time employees by grade Senior management People 800 900 Male People 680 785 Female People 120 115 Middle-level employees People 2, 400 2, 400 Male People 1, 970 1, 980 Female People 430 420 Junior employees People 20, 800 21, 700 Male People 14, 800 15, 300 Female People 6, 000 6, 400 Management employees (middle-level senior-level) People 3, 200 3, 300 Male People 2, 650 2, 800 Female People 550 500 f The number of employees presented above is rounded up. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 55 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(3) Voluntary turnover rate the number of staff in this category who voluntarily propose to leave (resignation, contract expiration, etc.) the total number of employees in this category. Unit 2022 2021 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of full-time employees 8. 2 8. 4 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of full-time employees by gender (3) Male 9. 3 11. 6 Female 5. 3 6. 8 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of full-time employees by age group (3) 29 Employees with age 29 or below 26. 4 23. 8 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 4. 2 6. 5 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 1. 3 1. 9 50 Employees with age 50 or above 0. 5 0. 4 (3) Voluntary turnover rate of full-time employees by region (3) Mainland China and Hong Kong 8. 2 8. 4 (3) e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited56 (III) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands various needs and demands from staff proactively through maintaining close and good communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. In this regard, the Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership and encourages them to participate in democratic management, giving full play to the communication and co-ordination of the union and various departments. The Group respects the right of the staff to participate, organize, or refuse to participate, the union is respected to enable the union to become a qualified and exemplary home of employees. In 2022, the Group had been in fully compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China to establish union with 100 rate on staff participation in the union. For staff caring and promoting communication with each other, the Group has set up work guidance about staff care and realizes the all-round care to staff safety, emotion and self- realization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, as well as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to build up teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through annual research on corporate culture recognition and various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, mailbox of general manager, etc., so as to understand the staff s satisfaction with their jobs. Since 2018, the Group have conducted employee surveys on corporate culture identity every year for five consecutive years. of staff have participated in 2022 survey and the results of which showed that the overall culture recognition rate of CRSB was 60. 11. d d d f d e e d d d e e d d e e f d d d d d f e d e f d d 100 f d d e d e f d d e e d d f d f 83. 1 d 60. 11 f d d d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 57 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group has initiated CRSB s corporate culture restructuring project since 2018, with the aim of refining its core cultural values through corporate culture restructuring. The Group also continuously strengthened the construction of informatization communication channel and platform and implemented comprehensive corporate culture promotion platform. The Group communicated with its staff through internal publications, multi-media and WeChat official accounts and other channels to enhance their understanding of the dynamic development of the Group. The Group is dedicated to promoting the work-life balance and ensuring the physical health, safety, and well-being of its staff by providing various non-monetary benefits to motivate and encourage them. These benefits include the provision of parental leave, learning and training opportunities, career counselling, free body examinations, occupational disease prevention examination services, etc., which contribute to the physical and mental health and career development of employees, and ensure the long- term stable performance of employees at all levels. In addition, the Group regularly organizes various cultural or sports activities, with the following activities undertaken during the period under review Xiangxi plant in Hunan Province specially invited professional trainers from Xiangxi Red Cross Society to conduct emergency care training for employees, with a focus on cardiopulmonary resuscitation, theory of accidental injury emergency treatment, on-site cardiopulmonary resuscitation and AED practice. Twenty-one employees obtained ambulance certificate issued by Xiangxi Red Cross Society. d d d e e f d d f d d d e e d f d d f e e e d d f d d j d e AED d 21 f e 4 d f d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited58 Yichang plant launched the Dragon Boat Festival activities under the theme of Celebrating the Dragon Boat Festival and Experiencing the Joy with Zongzi and organized employees to hold lantern riddles and window cutting events at their homes during the Lantern Festival. With the subject of Commemorate the Martyrs & Enlightening Virtue, it conducted a clean-up operation to preserve the spirit of revolutionary heroes in the Qingming Festival. The branches of Trade Union of Zhejiang Marketing Center actively organized and carried out more than 130 team building activities, formed 44 trade union interest groups, and carried out more than 70 interest group activities, with a total of about 800 participants. Wenzhou plant formulated a year-round cultural activity plan, and organized cultural activities such as Spring Festival blessings, birthday parties, 3. 8 activities, e-sports competitions, and choir competitions. d f e f e d f 130 d 44 d 70 d 800 f d e e e e f d f d e e d e e f BUILDING CORPORATE CULTURE d d 29 f d d d d d f In 2022, China Resources Beer Headquarters and its subsidiaries simultaneously held the second Snow Day event to celebrate CRSB s 29th birthday. With the theme of Our Team Growing towards the Sun, and the key note of Sea of Stars, a series of special snow activities such as Which snow are you were carried out to involve all employees, further enhancing their cultural perception and participation, and fostering cultural identity. In this regard, the Group have been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and are committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. In order to motivate talents and ensure the stable development of the Group, the Group has formulated a comprehensive and well-developed talent team building plan and management and leadership development training programs for employees at all levels to enhance the upward mobility of employees within the Company. The Group has a mature and systematic team of trainers, professional learning design and training operation team, and innovatively refined the organizational learning methodology and talent training mechanism with the characteristics of CR Beer and adapted to the corporate strategy, such as the five- in-one training and practice methodology and the 1 1 1 3 coordination between business and training mechanism, to create a number of outstanding talent training projects that are in line with the Group s strategy and business development. The Group s self-explored talent training methodology has been registered as a copyright by the National Copyright Administration, and has won series of Best Practice Award for Talent Training by Training magazine, CSTD and other well- known enterprise training platforms in China. d d d d d f d d f d e f d d d e e e e d d d d f d d d f d d e d e 1 1 1 3 d f d e CSTD f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited60 In 2022, the Group planned and implemented the following online offline training programmes d j Strengthening the talent team 100 Leading Talent 100 e d e d e e e f 2022 270 f The Group has developed a team of senior command talents who can cope with challenges and help the Group to succeed introduced business education with in-depth Chinese and global educational content, and built a young, professional, market-oriented and international leadership talent pool oriented to the future. In 2022, about 270 person-times were covered. Whirlwind Plan talent training project catered to the middle-level sales d d f 2022 d 1200 e 70 23 f The Group has unified the understanding and cognition of strategy by the middle-level sales team, explored benchmark cases, and improved the comprehensive ability of the middle-level sales team. In 2022, a total of more than 1, 200 complete case materials, 70 excellent cases and 23 national demonstration cases were produced. HRBP Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) Rain Dew program e f 2022 1, 828 d HRBP HRBPf It promoted the transformation and upgrading of human resources functions and optimized human resource management models. High-performance middle-level project in the production system d d f2022 135 f It s aimed to meet the needs of production system business development and intelligent transformation, effectively improve the management ability of high-performance middle-level in the production system, and build a high-quality talent echelon for the production system. In 2022, about 135 person-times were covered. Middle-level management class in the operation system d d f2022 435 f It s aimed to meet the needs of strategic transformation and business development of the operation system, effectively improve the professional capabilities of the middle-level of the operation system, and build a high-quality operation system talent echelon. In 2022, about 435 person-times were covered. Management trainee training program and Future Stars training camp d f 2022 161 223 f It s aimed to establish a perfect reserve management talent echelon to meet the training needs of the Company s business development for middle-level management. In 2022, 161 and 223 person-times were covered, respectively. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 61 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Achieving success in premiumization Strategic Key City Business Development Workshop e d d d f2022 100 f Combined with the strategic theme of Quality Development for Success in Premium Segment, in order to better promote the implementation of business, on the basis of the Strategic Key City Business Development Workshop, we continued to solve organizational and personal difficulties. In 2022, about 100 person-times were covered. Fire Pistol for key customers empowerment d d d f2022 96 f It s aimed to empower core key customers, build a dealer empowerment system and empowerment platform, sharing excellent dealer business models, and establish long-term and stable partnerships. In 2022, about 96 person-times were covered. Channel Magic Weapon channel marketing empowerment e e e f2022 177 f It s aimed to cultivate a group of channel marketing talents who understand marketing, have strategy, seek innovation, and pursue excellence. In 2022, about 177 person-times were covered. Snow Lecture Hall Live Broadcast f 2022 1 CEO 3 f It s aimed to transform the practical experience of the leaders of each business unit into the experience and capabilities of the organization. Optimizing the management Learning System Construction PBA e d e e d f It s aimed to formulate and publicize systems such as the Training PBA Management Mechanism and the Online Training Operation Implementation Framework Guidelines to carry out online training operations in a professional, standardized, and efficient manner, and create a community operation mechanism with Snow characteristics. Inventory of Learning Resources d d 959 d e 1, 000 f With the training management function of the learning platform, according to the usage of internal trainers on the learning platform and the upload status of online face-to-face course resources, there were 959 registered internal trainers in 2022, with more than 1, 000 face-to-face courses and cases. In 2022, 70 person-times were covered. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited62 d 334 d 4. 85 f d f j Unit 2022 2021 Total number of full-time employees trained People 24, 000 25, 000 Training coverage rate of full-time employees 100 100 (1) Training coverage rate by gender(1) Male 100 100 Female 100 100 (1) Training coverage rate by grade(1) Senior management 100 100 Middle-level employees 100 100 Junior employees 100 100 (1) In 2022, the Group carried out a total of 334 face-to-face training programs with an average satisfaction score of 4. 85 points for employees participating in training programs. Relevant training data contains online and offline training programs. The online training programs was carried out through the Group s self-developed online learning platform CR Snow Learning and Innovation Center. Among the training, approximately 90 is related to ESG management improvement. Unit 2022 2021 Training cost Total training cost of employees RMB 15, 736, 000 9, 065, 000 Average training cost of each employee RMB 655 352 Training hours Total training hours of employees Hours 761, 500 744, 900 Average training hours of each employee Hours 31. 7 29. 8 Average training hours by gender Male Hours 32. 0 29. 9 Female Hours 30. 7 29. 1 Average training hours by grade Senior management Hours 28. 4 28. 1 Middle-level employees Hours 30. 2 28. 8 Junior employees Hours 32. 0 32. 3 65 d 10 d 5 d 20 f 90 ESG f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited64 d f e e d d f d d f d d d f d d d d d fThe Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the career development of the staff. The Group assesses the staff based on their performance, professional knowledge and skills, etc. In 2022, the Group improved the system of selection, appointment and daily supervision of managers, and put forward talent planning standards that meet the needs of future organizations and take into account the career development of employees. In addition, the Group reviewed the matching of talent standards, used a variety of assessment tools to carry out talent assessment, and improved talent standards and evaluation systems. At the same time, the Group streamlined the management sequence level, improved the promotion path, ensured that the Company s overall talent structure matched the Company s development strategy and encouraged the in- depth professional development of employees, so as to enhance professional capabilities. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 65 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG EXECUTIVE AND STAFF TRAINING d ESG d EHS e e e e e e e d ESG d d ESG e ESG e e d f In August 2022, the Group provided ESG professional training to all departments involved in ESG management, including the EHS Department, Technology Research Institute, Human Resources Department, Production Center of Purchasing Department, Risk Management Department, Sales and Marketing Center, Audit Department and Administration Department, and invited external professional organizations to conduct training to enable frontline staff to understand the ESG compliance disclosure requirements for Hong Kong listed companies, the new amendments of the ESG regulations of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, capital market concerns, the Group s current status and international peer best practices and other information. ESG d ESG d e e (TCFD) d ESG f In response to the ESG disclosure expectations from the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the capital markets to listed companies, the Group also reviewed its ESG compliance disclosure status, and explored feasible options to enhance the Group s ESG management on topics such as supply chain carbon emission management, carbon reduction pathways for the beer manufacturing industry, Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) and disclosure of human resources data. ESG d ESG d ESG d ESG d ESG ESG f The training provided by the Group further enhanced the knowledge of ESG work of the responsible colleagues and enabled them to comprehensively grasp the latest requirements of ESG work, so as to continuously improve the Group s ESG performance, to achieve more effective implementation of ESG management improvement work, to strive to obtain more competitive scores from international influential ESG rating agencies and to reach the ESG rating level of international top-tier beer enterprises as soon as possible. d d e e e e ESG e e d ESG d ESG f The Group understands that communicating the vision and long-term strategic plans to key stakeholders is a key driver for the Group to achieve sustainable development. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited66 e d d e f e d d d f d d e f d f e e e d d f d d d d d e e e f(V) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group still adheres to work management philosophy of people oriented and safety development, regards safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursues zero injury and zero incident. The Group strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and the Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and insisted on the safety-first management principle. At the same time, The Group strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of responsible system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate s safety management level. The Group pays attention to the occupational health management of employees and improves management by setting up occupational health management institutions and allocate occupational health management personnel. The Group monitors occupational hazards in the workplace and formulate occupational disease prevention and control plans and implementation plans accordingly. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 67 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a non-zero control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand employees of less than 0. 6. In 2022, the Group recorded 12 employees with work-related injuries and the number of working days lost due to work-related injuries was 436 days. The injury rate per thousand employees was 0. 50 (injury rate per thousand employees No. of employees with work-related injuries No. of employees in the company 1, 000). The increase in the number of working days lost due to work- related injuries compared with 2021 was mainly due to the occurrence of an electrical appliance fire accident and a slip accident during the year, resulting in burns to two employees and fractures of one employee, which required a longer period of recovery. In order to strictly control the risk of working at height and fall, the Group subsequently carried out special management of working at height and fall protection, determined the standard management process and requirements, and promoted the implementation of all units within the Group. d e d f d d f Unit 2022 2021 2020 Statistics on work-related fatalities in past three years Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 d d 0. 6 f d 12 d 436 d 0. 50 1, 000 f d d d f d d d fSafety production is an important part of the operation. With zero injury and zero incident as its management direction, the Group has set a safety production target of zero work-related fatalities. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited68 The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company s business. Through re-identifying and re-evaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of pre-qualification, pre-service preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. The Group s requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group s safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. d f j External certifications Unit 2022 Number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization Plants 59 dOf which, Number of plants that recognized as the second- class enterprise Plants 24 Number of plants that recognized as the third- class enterprise Plants 35 ISO45001 Number of plants that obtained ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system certification Plants 16 d e e d EHS e d d f d e d e e e e e e f d d f d d d e e d fThe Group are committed to improve our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that the Group s safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 69 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d f d d e e e d e e d f d e d d d d e d d f d EHS EHS 39 d f d d d d e e d e fIn order to raise safe awareness of our staff, the Group proactively carried out preventive work and vocational health training. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventive-oriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behaviour with full participation, focused on process control and regulated staff s safety behaviour as well as innovating safety inspection methods. In 2022, the Group revised 39 safety management systems, including the Administrative Measures for the Identification of EHS Laws, Regulations and Other Requirements, the Measures for EHS Performance Appraisal and the Administrative Measures for the Investigation and Management of Safety Inspection and Hidden Dangers of Accidents, to further build and improve the safety production management system. In order to establish a more complete safety emergency management mechanism for CRSB, the Group also revised the Comprehensive Emergency Plan for Production Safety Accidents during the reporting period to improve the ability to respond to and deal with sudden safety accidents, standardize disposal procedures, effectively prevent, timely control and eliminate the impact and harm caused by accidents, and minimize casualties and property losses of enterprises. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited70 The Group encouraged its staff to obtain relevant professional qualification. In 2022, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 109 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 144 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. The Group s performance in safety training of the past two years j Unit 2022 2021 Safety check-up times Times 1, 053 3, 970 Exclusive funds for safe production purposes RMB0 000 5, 285 6, 895 Safety education and training hours Hours 642, 000 550, 000 Safety training times to employees Times 55, 304 88, 652 e Safety training times to suppliers, subcontractors and contractors and other related parties Times 24, 975 48, 627 Safety and Emergency drills Times 600 600 Participants 11, 800 13, 000 Safety education training rate 100 100 Occupational disease-related health check-up rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in workplace 100 100 f d e d 109 d 144 f d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 71 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d f d d d d f d 5S d e f d d d d f e e e d d f d 325 d 14, 230 f d d i d e f d d 80dB(A) f d d d d d f fIn terms of occupational disease prevention and control, the Group has compiled the Administrative Regulations on the Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Hazards and Occupational Diseases and the Occupational Health Checklist of the Group. The Group promoted health activities for all employees, advocated a healthy lifestyle, carried out employee health education, created a corporate health culture, and coordinated corporate development with employee health; built a good working environment for employees, vigorously implemented 5S on-site management, and created a comfortable and pleasant working environment for employees as much as possible; regularly organized and held tea parties to pay attention to the mental health of employees, find out the common psychological worries of employees, and carry out targeted psychological counselling to reduce the psychological burden of employees; organized activities such as Snow Walking, badminton, basketball and table tennis to enhance employees physical fitness and promote employees health activities. The Group has implemented standards such as the Regulations on the Administration of Occupational Health in the Workplace, strengthened the management of occupational disease prevention facilities, and effectively improved the working environment. In particular, scientific measures have been taken to strengthen the treatment and control of occupational disease hazards such as noise and dust. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited72 c d f d i d e f d d d f d f f d d d d d d f d e 13 fCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to protect environment and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. The Group strictly follows the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, as well as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Pollutant Discharge Standard for Beer Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. In 2022, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE The Group continues to optimize the environmental protection system of CRSB. The compilation of the CRSB Measures for the Management of Air Pollution Prevention and Control has been carried out. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 73 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2022, the Group promoted ecological environment protection and energy conservation and emission reduction work in a solid and effective manner in accordance with the working mechanism of overall planning by the headquarters, overall responsibility by the region, and implementation by plants. The Group focused on 14 key tasks including the compliance of pollutant discharge permits, the whole process management of solid waste, strengthening environmental protection supervision and inspection, strengthening sewage source control, prevention and control of noises, environmental protection supervision of plants to be optimized, project of building green plant, carbon emission management on production process and supply chain. The Group regularly organizes EHS meetings to summarize EHS work and deploy EHS tasks. In 2022, the Group has held the EHS Committee (Enlarged) meeting, the EHS work seminar and the EHS summary meeting in the first half of 2022. The Group s CEO and senior management team, the heads and EHS functional personnel from each functional department center in the headquarters, from each region and each plant participated in the meetings through offline and online forms. The Group s EHS department prepares CRSB EHS Management Monthly Report every month to convey work requirements, reflect business trends, share work experience, and communicate information from top to bottom. In 2022, the signing rate of EHS Responsibility Statement of the Group s employees is 100. d e e d d e e e e e e e f EHS d EHS d EHS f 2022 EHS e EHS 2022 EHS f e e e EHS e f EHS EHS d d e d f EHS d e e EHS d EHS e EHS f d EHS e f d EHS 100 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited74 In 2022, the Group carried out three special inspections and rectifications of pollutant discharge compliance, carried out the investigation and treatment of ecological and environmental protection problems on a regular basis. The Group issued investigation work requirements including Forwarding Group s Notice on Carrying out Special Investigation and Rectification of Pollutant Discharge Compliance, Notice on Carrying out Special Inspection of Water Pollutant Discharge Standards, Notice on Carrying out Special Supervision and Inspection of Environmental Protection Water Pollution Standard Discharge, Notice on Carrying out Compliance Checks of Inter-provincial Transfer of Industrial Solid Waste. In order to promote the detailed implementation of the special work on pollutant discharge compliance and improve the supervision and inspection skills of professionals at all levels, the headquarters organized special training on inspection standards for approximately 123 people. The Group promoted the inspection of ecological and environmental protection at all levels of units by means of plant self-inspection, regional inspection, headquarters random inspection, and look-back projects to achieve full coverage of all plants. Through the EHS training system on Rwork, an online office platform developed by CRH, 323 online trainings were conducted by the Group with 49, 791 participants within the year. In 2022, the Group has invested nearly RMB31 million in environmental protection special projects at headquarters level, and the total investment in technological transformation for environmental protection energy saving and emission reduction reached RMB95 million. d d d d d e e d f d d d 123 f e e e d f d EHS 11 EHS d 2, 400 f d EHS d 323 d 49, 791 f d 3, 100 d 9, 500 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 75 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d d d f d d e e d f The Group develops and implements inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant establishes an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, conducts self-monitoring on pollutants on a daily basis, and shares data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly entrusts third-party agencies with professional qualifications to carry out inspections on each production unit. The inspection scope covers water pollutant, air pollutant, noise, etc., and the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision would be publically disclosed. j Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection j Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data d d d e e e d d f Units at all Levels of the Group inspect various environmental data regularly. By utilizing the environmental data reporting system, primary-level units (plants) report the data directly, which is subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. j Step 3 On-site environmental checks e e d e e e e e f f The headquarters, regional companies and plants of CRSB conducted regular on-site environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. On-site checks have been conducted to all plants. j The scope of environmental data d f e e d f Unless otherwise indicated in the calculation of carbon emission, the scope of the Group s environmental data mainly covers all the plants of CRSB that produce beer and other beverage. The environmental impacts of the non-production departments (including the headquarters and regional companies, sales centers, business departments, etc.) are not material to that of the overall operation of the Group, thus are excluded from the data scope. Three-step management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited76 (II) CARBON NEUTRALITY TARGET AND FLUE GAS EMISSION MANAGEMENT Low Carbon Operation Since 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and low- carbon development into the Company s development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group s historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company s development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international top-tier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14th Five-Year. The Group promotes the technical reform of beer production to reduce carbon emissions in the production process h Strengthen beer freshness control, lower sterilization PU, and reduce energy consumption in the sterilization process; h Optimize the grading control of glass bottle from the source and reduce the energy consumption in the bottle washing process; h On a trial to promote CIP cold cleaning technology to reduce energy consumption in the cleaning process; h On a trial to promote soil-free membrane filtration technology to reduce the consumption of non-renewable resources such as minerals; h Explore and study new equipment and technology for saccharification heating to improve heating efficiency. d d d e d e d d d f d d e e f d d e f d f d d j h d PU d i h d i h CIP d i h d i h d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 77 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group promotes the transformation of equipment to reduce carbon emissions and steadily phased out high-emission equipment. By conducting throughout investigation on the energy consumption level of existing equipment in production plants, the Group vigorously promote the replacement of energy-intensive equipment such as boilers, motors, fans and transformers in plants. Besides, the Group implements strict access criteria on newly purchased equipment that is of high energy consumption to achieve upgrade. In addition, the Group is gradually moving towards intelligent manufacturing, accelerating the intelligent upgrading of equipment in plants such as equipment upgrading, automation upgrading, data collection and analysis, and centralized monitoring system. The Group s four plants in Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Qiannan and Xindu won the provincial Green Plant title in 2022, among them, Wuhan Plant was awarded the national Green Plant title. Green and Low-carbon Supply Chain The Group encourages suppliers to produce in a green way and to optimize their energy structure. In 2022, the Group successfully promoted its hop suppliers to upgrade coal-fired boilers to gas- fired boilers, reducing their coal consumption. The Group also encourages green logistics by establishing a CRSB Supply Chain Digital Sharing Platform. Besides, the Group actively promotes the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in long-distance freight transportation to reduce the proportion of trucks used in long-distance transportation. d f d e e e d d f d d e e e d MDCS d e d d f d d d f e e e 4 d f d f d d f d d d f e d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited78 In addition, the Group is promoting carbon emission compliance as an extra-credit item for the introduction of new suppliers, which would gradually transition to a standard item, allowing the Group to give priority to work with suppliers of low-carbon and environmental-friendly advantages. Optimize Energy Structure The Group has completely phased out the use of coal-fired boilers since 2021, fully achieving zero coal consumption. Some production plants are equipped with dual thermal supply systems with outsourced steam pipelines and natural gas boiler, which allows the plant flexibility in adjusting energy structure from the perspective of stable energy consumption and cost control. On this basis, the Group is committed to reducing the use of non- renewable natural resources such as gasoline, diesel and natural gas, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy used. Gasoline consumption decreased by 27. 1 year on year thanks to the reducing vehicles owned and used. h The use of electric forklifts in place of diesel forklifts that 6 regions, including Henan, Gansu, Qinghai, Tibet, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Anhui, and Shanxi and Shanxi, has realized the full use of electric forklifts to replace diesel forklifts. Diesel consumption decreased by 28. 2 year-on-year with the number of diesel forklifts used in plants decreased. h The number of plants using natural gas decreased from 38 in the same period last year to 29. Natural gas consumption decreased by 16. 5 year on year with more purchased steam used. d d d f d ESG f d d f d f d e e d e f d j h j d 27. 1 i h d e e e e 6 d d 28. 2 i h d 38 29 d 16. 5 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 79 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportEnergy consumption of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change 1, 000 1, 804, 685 1, 886, 663 -4. 3 Total Energy Consumption 1, 000 kWh - 1, 000 410, 293 494, 123 -17. 0 Direct Energy Consumption Non-renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh - 1, 000 7, 318 4, 594 59. 3 Direct Energy Consumption Renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh - 1, 000 565, 551 563, 794 0. 3 Indirect Energy Consumption Electricity purchased1, 000 kWh - 1, 000 821, 523 824, 152 -0. 3 Indirect Energy Consumption Imported steam1, 000 kWh 1, 000 0. 1584 0. 1680 -5. 7 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1, 000 kWh kilolitre output Same item of consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit has been listed as on page 67 but presented in the unit of 1, 000 kWh. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. j 67 d 1, 000 f d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited80 Renewable Energy Since 2014, the Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. The project team of Research on the Optimization of Sewage Anaerobic Biogas Steam Production System was established to further improve the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield, promote good practice experience and practices, improve the biogas yield of each production plant, and gradually increase the proportion of renewable energy used by the Group. In 2022, 32 plants of the Group were equipped with biogas boilers, converting approximately 130, 048 tonnes of steam for energy use in plants and saving approximately RMB34. 96 million in cost of purchasing external steam. The Group steadily promotes photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects, increasing the amount of photovoltaic power generation and electricity consumption actively. The Group has launched its first pilot photovoltaic power generation project in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang since 2019, and has expanded to another plant, the Guangzhou Plant, in 2022. Together two plants are of a total installed capacity of 7 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 7. 32 million kWh during the year. The Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants to be built as well as plants in operation. Two photovoltaic power generation projects are expected to carry out in Bengbu Plant and Nanjing Plant in 2023 with 5 more plants under planning, in a hope to increase the proportion of renewable energy usage in the future. In addition, the Group continues to coordinate the procurement of green electricity, making use of renewable energy according to local conditions. The Group is promoting medium-to-long- term strategic procurement of green power such as wind power, hydropower, solar power, and nuclear power in an orderly manner, with timely adjustment of the proportion of procurement according to changes in local on-grid electricity prices. d d f d d d d f d 32 d 130, 048 d 3, 496 f d f d d 7 d 732 f d d 5 d f d d f e e e d f d 5 d 179 d 1. 29 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 81 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportGHG Emission Management The Group formulated the Carbon Emission Accounting Method to improve the compliance of carbon emission accounting, providing fundamental support to the implementation of the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan and fulfilling corporate social responsibilities. This method stipulates that the carbon emission calculation scope of the Group is the carbon dioxide and methane emission during the production process of each company branch of China Resources Snow Beer, as shown in the picture below Wort f iltration Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from production processes Emissions from fuel burning Milling Proteolysis Sacchari f ication Starch excipients Milling Gelatinization Gelatinated starch Carbon dioxide Yeast Hops Carbon dioxide Corporate boundaries Maturation Filtration Fermentation Wort boiling Wort separation Wort cooling Packaging container cleaning Sterilization Filling Cartonning Waste yeast Condensing solid waste Malt Filter tank cleaning d d f d j The diagram of the carbon emissions during beer production process China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited82 From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The expansion of data scope reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate measures. Total greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows Subjects Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change Total green-house gas emission 1 1, 000 tonnes CO 2 equivalent202 228 -11. 3 (Scope 1) 2 648 703 -7. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 850 932 -8. 8 (Scope 1 2) Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit 1 Tonnes of CO 2 equivalent kilolitre output0. 018 0. 020 -12. 4 (Scope 1) 2 0. 057 0. 063 -9. 0 (Scope 2) 1 2 0. 075 0. 083 -9. 8 (Scope 1 2) The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal Carbon Emission Accounting Method of CRSB. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG data of 2021 have been restated in accordance with the calculation method consistent with 2022. d f d d d f j f d d 2023 2025 e e e f f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 83 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTotal GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group decreased by approximately 8. 8 year-on-year in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the Group s vigorous promotion for emission and carbon reduction initiatives in each link of the value chain in active response to the national call. Judging from total GHG emissions intensity per unit of product (Scope 1 2), we have achieved a 9. 9 year-on-year decrease, thanks to the increasing use of renewable energy on the basis of the complete elimination of coal combustion. By analyzing the source of carbon emissions and carbon footprint, various effective measures have been taken, including increasing the anaerobic removal rate, increasing biogas recycling, reducing outsourced steam, replacing diesel-powered forklifts to electric- powered forklifts, increasing carbon dioxide recovery rate, and carrying out heat recycling lean projects, etc. Pilot project is of satisfactory results as follows h Carbon emissions per unit decreased by 12 compared to 2020; h The amount of recycled biogas exceeded 1. 79 million cubic meters, representing an increase of 65 over 2020, reducing carbon emissions by about 37, 518 tonnes; h The amount of steam generated from biogas boilers was 9, 841 tonnes, representing an increase of 106 over 2020, reducing carbon emissions by about 2, 929 tonnes. Flue Gas Emission Management In respect of atmospheric pollutant emissions, the Group has phased out coal-fired boilers in all plants, achieving zero coal consumption in 2022. In addition, the Group is improving the efficiency of biogas recovery and utilization, increasing the proportion of renewable energy used, and reducing the consumption of fossil energy such as natural gas. In 2022, the natural gas consumed by the Group decreased by 16. 5 year-on-year, and the lower sulphur content of natural gas purchased by certain plants contributed to a decrease of 30. 1 year-on-year in sulphur dioxide emissions. In addition, the Group has implemented low-nitrogen combustion conversion for gas-fired boilers in recent years. As low-nitrogen combustion conversion was carried out in several plants in Henan, Sichuan and Hunan, the nitrogen oxide (NO x) emissions decreased by 21. 0 year-on-year. d 1 2 8. 8 d d f 1 2 d 9. 8 d d f d d f d d e e e e e d j h 2020 12 i h 179 d 2020 65 d 37, 518 i h 9, 841 d 2020 106 d 2, 929 f d d f d d d f d 16. 5 d d 30. 1 f d d e e d (NO x) 21. 0 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited84 Flue gas emission data in past two years are set out as follows Type of air emissions Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change SO2 9 13 -30. 1 Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes NOx 67 84 -21. 0 Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes Mainly generated from burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In terms of reducing air emissions, the Group strives to lower down SO 2 and NOX by 13. 0 and 14. 5 respectively compared with 2020 in 2025. Currently, the progress of achieving such targets is on schedule. j f d d f d d d f d d f EHS d d 9. 7 10. 7 i d (SO 2) (NOX) 13. 0 14. 5 d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 85 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF CLIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has long-term and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on the business operations. The Group conducted researches for the life cycle of beer s carbon footprint and pilot verifications from 2016 to 2017, and also compared to those of international peers. By referring to the results of such researches, verifications and comparisons, we implemented carbon reduction measures in terms of product structure, energy structure, and raw material structure. For instance, we found out that the carbon footprint of glass bottle products of the same capacity was 80 higher than that of aluminium cans, so we gradually adjusted the product structure by gradually increasing the proportion of aluminium cans, and reducing the use of glass bottles, enhance the recycling of packaging materials to reduce the carbon impact of packaging materials. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reusable materials. In 2022, the use of glass bottles decreased by 4. 0 year-on-year, while the use of aluminium cans increased by 40. 8 year-on-year. Approximately 75 of the glass bottles used were recycled from the market. d d f d f d e e f d 80 d d d d f d d e d f 4. 0 d 40. 8 f d 75 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited86 In 2022, the Group established the working group to issue the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan, clarifying the carbon reduction tasks, quantitative indicators and implementation approaches of each functional department. Impact of Significant Climate Change on Business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chain such as the import of raw materials. Once extreme weathers such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. d d d e d e d j h d d f h d e f h d d f h d f h d f h d f d d f d f e d d d f d f d d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 87 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOn the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. This action will help strengthen the management and control of the Group on climate change risks, and develop long-term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change. At the same time, in line with China s 14th Five-Year Plan vision, we will formulate our plan of further reducing carbon emissions and saving resources used in our production process, taking into account the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the regulatory authorities. IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerning the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. d d f d d d d d d f d d f f d e f d d f d d f f d f d 17 d e e e d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited88 Water Resources Management To reduce the impacts of newly-built plants on surrounding ecological environment and water sources, the Group formulated the Production Plant Design Specifications, which required that there shall be no polluting operations and land pollution with heavy metal and radioactive substances in the area within 2 kilometers distance from all plants under the Group, with stringent monitoring on the water quality of surrounding sources, ensuring zero pollution, low energy consumption and clean production in the Group s production. The Group paid great attention to water resources management during the process of operation in water-scarce areas to avoid excessive extraction of local water resources. In 2022, the Group has identified more precisely 10 provinces, cities and autonomous regions in the PRC that are experiencing water scarcity by making reference to the China Water Resources Bulletin 2021 published by Ministry of Water Resources of the People s Republic of China, the seventh National Population Census issued by National Bureau of Statistics, and the definitions of the World Water Forum. In recent years, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in water-scarce areas and improved the water consumption efficiency of operating plants in these areas. The water consumption intensity per unit of the Group s operating plants in water-scarce areas was 2. 69 cubic metres per kilolitre output, which was lower than the Group s overall average water consumption intensity and was outstanding in the beer industry. d d e d d e e f d f d d d d 10 e e f d 20 f d f d d 2. 69 d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 89 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy saving technology and applied relevant technology into all operating plants to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include h Lean production to reduce the frequency of CIP cleaning; h Transformation of Water thermal balance for major water- consuming equipment used in the packaging process (i. e. bottle washing machine, sterilizer); h Recycling steam in the saccharification process; h Air cooling in winter in the north to reduce cooling water consumption; h Utilizing condensed water for heat exchange of packaging machines, etc. In addition, the Group uses reclaimed water after sewage treatment as the flushing water of the sludge filter press, uses concentrated water from deoxygenated water preparation as sanitary water, and recycle water in the production process of the enterprise such as the cooling water, RO concentrated water and steam condensed water to reduce the waste of water resources. d d f j h d CIP i h e i h i h d i h f d d d e RO e e d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited90 Through the aforesaid water saving technologies and processes, the total water consumption of the Group decreased from 38, 781 thousand cubic metres in 2016 to 30, 923 thousand cubic metres in 2022; the water consumption intensity per unit decreased from 3. 25 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2016 to 2. 72 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2022, which is leading among the domestic industry peers and comparable to the international peers. In 2022, the Group s total output increased by 1. 3 year-on-year, but the amount of water consumption only increased by 0. 3 year-on- year, and the water consumption intensity per unit decreased by 1. 0 year-on-year. The water consumption data of the Group in 2022 and 2021 is set out as follows Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change 30, 923 30, 837 0. 3 Water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 11, 385, 064 11, 241, 993 1. 3 Total output ( beer output beverage output)Kilolitre 2. 72 2. 74 -1. 0 Water consumption intensity per unitCubic metres kilolitre output In 2022, the Group started the construction of water-saving plants, encouraging qualified plants to set up advanced models and improving the efficiency of industrial water use. By the end of 2022, 4 plants of the Group in Hebei, Changzhou, Chaoyang and Zhengzhou have won the title of provincial water-saving enterprise, and 2 plants in Qiannan and Qiandongnan have won the title of provincial water-saving benchmark enterprise. In March 2023, Wuhan Plant was awarded the title of National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, the highest water-saving honour in China. d 38, 781 30, 923 i 3. 25 2. 72 d d f d 1. 3 d 0. 3 d 1. 0 f j d d d f d e e e 4 d e 2 f d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 91 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 15 million cubic metres in 2016 (representing approximately 41 of the total water consumption) to 3. 973 million cubic metres in 2022 (representing approximately 12. 8 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 57. 8 million cubic metres. Unit 2022 of water withdrawal 30, 923 100 Water withdrawal 1, 000 cubic metres 3, 973 12. 8 Water withdrawal from underground water1, 000 cubic metres 26, 950 87. 2 Water withdrawal from municipal water plants1, 000 cubic metres Sewage Discharge Management In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complies with the national or local sewage discharge standards, with all plants equipped with sewage treatment systems. The Group also formulates the internal control index in compliance with regulations and requirements, effectively controlling sewage discharge risks. Devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at all plants, which are connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for realtime data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. d 5, 780 f d 0. 35 f d d d d f (COD) e e e d d pH d f d d EHS d d 703 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited92 The Group regards the environmental performance of operating plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, the Group continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. As of the end of 2022, CR Beer had only 2 plants that discharged its sewage into natural waters. During the period under review, only 1. 2 of the sewage was discharged to natural water after preliminary treatment by the plants, and the remaining 98. 8 was discharged to municipal sewers such as municipal pipe networks. Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change 18, 901, 871 19, 149, 308 -1. 3 Total amount of sewage discharge Tonnes 18, 673, 132 18, 658, 818 0. 1 Amount of sewage discharged into municipal sewersTonnes 228, 739 490, 490 -53. 4 Amount of sewage discharged into natural watersTonnes In 2022, the Group s sewage discharged into natural water dropped significantly by 53. 4 year-on-year. Benefitted from this, the amount of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and ammonia nitrogen emissions of the Group being discharged into natural waters recorded a year-on-year decrease of 79. 0 and 85. 9, respectively. d i d d d f d 2 f d 1. 2 d 98. 8 f d 53. 4 f d (COD) 79. 0 85. 9 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 93 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report Emission type Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year Change (COD) 892 879 1. 5 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) Tonnes 886 851 4. 1 COD (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 6 28 -79. 0 COD (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 90 92 -2. 5 Total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonnes 89. 9 90. 9 -1. 0 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers)Tonnes 0. 2 1. 6 -85. 9 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters)Tonnes Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Resourceful Utilization of Beer Waste Water At the end of 2020, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly issued the amendment to the Pollutant Emission Standards for Beer Industry (GB19821-2005), allowing beer manufacturers and downstream sewage treatment facilities to jointly agree on the concentration limit of water pollutant discharge by signing a legally valid written contract, and be no longer subject to the standard for wastewater discharge, so as to realize the direct resource utilization of beer wastewater. Although the concentration of organic matter in beer wastewater is very high, the beer wastewater is biochemically good and does not contain toxic and harmful substances. Therefore, the beer wastewater as a liquid nutrient solution can be added to urban sewage treatment facilities as extra carbon source, which not only reduces the cost of sewage treatment facilities, but also saves sewage treatment costs for breweries. d d f d GB19821-2005 d d d d f d d d d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited94 The Group actively promoted the resourceful utilization of beer waste water by applying negotiated discharging limit. As of the end of 2022, 9 operating plants in Suzhou, Changzhou, Binzhou, Mianyang, Yichang, Qinhuangdao, Liaocheng, Xindu and Neijiang had implemented negotiated discharging limit. At the same time, in order to regulate the risk brought by the implementation of negotiated discharging limit, the Group had formulated the CRSB Guidelines for the Implementation of Sewage Negotiated Discharging Limit, which standardizes the operation requirements and precautions in the execution process before, during, and after the implementation of Negotiated Discharging Limit. In particular, it focuses on the requirements for the evaluation of all indicators of sewage, the change of the total amount limit, and the evaluation of economic benefits. The Group has been promoting public awareness of the utilization value of beer wastewater. In 2022, the China Environment magazine published a report entitled the Beer Wastewater Discharge to the Sewage Treatment Plant as a Carbon Source - Sewage Plant in Liaocheng Economic Development District Drinks Beer Nutrient Solution, which tells the story of the Group s Liaocheng Plant carried out a cooperation project of beer waste water utilization and turned beer wastewater into treasure, achieving a win-win situation of enterprise wastewater resource utilization and carbon emission reduction. By sorting out the beer production process steps, improving water efficiency, increasing water recycling, strengthening water-saving renovations, the Group strives to achieve industry-leading in terms of water consumption performance. In terms of long-term treatment of water pollution, the Group has formulated a Three-year Action Plan for Sewage Treatment, with a focus on improving sewage treatment system management and sewage online monitoring capabilities. In addition, the Group will continue to study the comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater, turning waste into treasure and recycling resources effectively. d f e e e e e e e e 9 f d d d e e d e f f d d f d d d d d d f d d d e e e f d d f d e d d e f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 95 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(V) PACKAGING MATERIAL AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the resources used in areas such as packaging design, production, logistics and retailing. The waste generated during the Group s operation mainly includes distiller s grains and waste yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, aluminum cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, the Group have formulated a series of management regulations such as the Solid Waste Management System of CRSB and the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows Aluminum Cans 0. 265 0. 260 f The thickness of aluminum cans reduced from 0. 265mm to 0. 260mm. Cartons e i Use low-gram, high-strength base paper; d 215 200 i Promote pre-printed cartons to replace offset cartons, decreasing the weight of carton from 215 grams to 200 grams; 37 82 f The proportion of the use of pre-printed cartons increases from 37 in the previous period to 82. Pallets e f All wooden pallets and iron pallets have been replaced by plastic pallets. Glass Bottles d d f Develop a glass recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast. d e e f e d e e f d d f d d d d j China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited96 In 2022, the Group continued to combine the concept of green development into practice by pushing forwards multiple projects such as green high-performance PET beer packaging, research and development of lightweight beer bottles, and strategic cooperation for cans. CRH s benchmark Innovation Consortium Project of Green High-performance PET Beer Packaging Material has also officially signed and put into operation. CRSB and China Resources Chemical Innovative Materials Co., Ltd. closely cooperate with each other in R&D and application of PET beer packaging materials in the future. At the same time, the Group cooperated with a number of glass bottle suppliers to carry out the R&D and application of Heineken lightweight beer bottles with the narrow neck press & blow technology, which shall reduce the weight of different bottle types by 0 to 5 when ensuring quality and performance. The data on the Group s consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are set out as follows Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year change 6, 182 6, 436 -4. 0 Glass Bottle 1, 000 tonnes 160 114 40. 8 Aluminum Can 1, 000 tonnes 342 326 4. 9 Carton 1, 000 tonnes 14 12 13. 0 Plastic Film 1, 000 tonnes Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, the Group increases the recycling of glass bottles and reuse them after cleaning and disinfection. Approximately 75 of the glass bottles used by the Group in 2022 were recycled and approximately 25 were newly purchased. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. d d PET e e f PET d PET f d d d 0 5 f j d d f d d 75 d 25 f d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 97 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCurrently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and green packaging procurement accounted for 39. The glass bottles are reusable materials that the Group cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, and the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group s strategic promotion of high-quality product, the Group focuses on building a recycling glass bottle system along the supply chain making full use of recyclable beer bottles in compliance with regulations. In addition, the Group conducts quality control on all incoming packaging materials and returns or destroys packaging materials that fail to pass internal quality control. All discarded cans, glass slags and waste cartons from the production process shall be 100 recycled and treated, which could be put back to use later, achieving zero waste in the production process. The Group is actively adjusting the structure of product package and production capacity to lower its carbon emission. By phasing out production lines of beer in glass bottles with outdated technology and high energy consumption, while adding more production lines of beer in cans with advanced technology and energy consumption reaching the international advanced level, the Group shall gradually increase the proportion of product in cans and reduce the use of glass bottles which is of higher carbon footprint. d e d 39 f d f d d d d d d d f d d f e 100 d d f d f e d e d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited98 The Group has set the following targets in terms of the green procurement and recycling of packaging materials Objectives of the Group Progress in 2022 d 100 f In or before 2025, the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging shall reach 100. 39 f The procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging reached about 39. d 40 f In or before 2025, 40 of products shall use reusable packaging. f 30 of products used reusable packaging. d 5 fIn or before 2025, the weight of all bottles shall reduce by 5. 0 5 f The weight of different bottles reduced by 0 to 5 respectively. The Group also actively encourages suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, the Group requires upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. In 2022, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group s imported malt using individual packaging continued to decrease from approximately 46 in 2021 to approximately 40, saving a total of about 7. 24 million packaging bags. In 2022, the Group successfully suppliers to pushed label suppliers to develop biodegradable crystal labels, replace environmentally friendly inks, and purchase labels that use ink-resident aluminized paper. Meantime, the Group as well promoted carton suppliers to develop non-woven handles, reduce the use of plastic handles, develop semi-pallet cartons, and reduce the consumption of raw paper and other materials. j d d f d 46 40 d 724 f f d d d f d d d d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 99 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportSolid Waste and Hazardous Waste Management The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14th Five-Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2022, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group was slightly increased to 99. 6. The relevant data is as follows Unit 2022 2021Year-on-year change 1, 525. 2 1, 521. 6 0. 2 General solid waste production 1, 000 tonnes 1, 519. 8 1, 513. 0 0. 4 Integrated use of solid waste utilization1, 000 tonnes 99. 6 99. 4 0. 2 pct General solid waste integrated utilization rate There is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group s production process. The Group generated approximately 228. 7 tonnes (2021 280. 4 tonnes) of hazardous waste in 2022, all of which were entrusted to external professional agencies for harmless treatment and disposal in accordance with relevant national requirements. In 2022, the recycle rate of dried distiller s grains and dried waste yeasts remained stable at 100. Recycling not only reduces the generation of wastes but also creates an economic value of approximately RMB440 million for the Group, of which the recycled distiller s grains and waste yeast contribute revenue of RMB339million and RMB101 million respectively. d d 98. 0 f d 99. 6 d f j f 228. 7 j 280. 4 d f d f d 100 f d 4. 4 d d 3. 39 1. 01 f EHS d 100 f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited100 The data on the Group s recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows 2022 2021 Type of recyclable waste Unit OutputRecycling rate OutputRecycling rate 191 100 185 100 Dried distiller s grains 1, 000 tonnes 17 100 16 100 Dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tonnes Proper Disposal of Wastes The Group implements whole process standardized management on hazardous waste and solid waste with a green operation model covering entire process from procurement to sale, following the principles of reduction, resourcefulness, and harmlessness. In 2022, the Group formulated the Hazardous Waste Transportation Policy and revised the Solid Waste Management System to stipulates the management requirements for the identification, collection, storage, utilization, and disposal of solid waste such as general industrial solid waste, hazardous waste, domestic waste, and construction waste. The Group requires all units to entrust hazardous waste to qualified units for disposal, so as to ensure that the process of transferring hazardous waste meets the requirements of national standards. The Group also requires all units to take relevant measures to prevent proliferation, loss and leakage, and shall not allow to dump, pile, discard or scatter hazardous waste without authorization, so as to prevent or reduce the pollution of hazardous waste to the environment. j e e d d d f d d d e e e e e e e f d d d e d e e e d f d e f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 101 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group implements the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes should be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, the Group can meet with the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling distiller s grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. The Group also encourages the vendors to install drying equipment, so that distiller s grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried temporarily to prevent pollution of the environment. VI) EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group actively carries out series of events at all levels within the Group. For example, all plant organize environmental protection publicity and education events such as 5th June Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Low- carbon Day on yearly basis. Besides, all plant from time to time shall organize trainings in special environmental inspections, environmental monitoring management measures and systems, environmental risk identification and filling process, environmental inspection, etc. d d d e e e e e d e f d i d d d f d f e f d e f d EHS e e f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited102 CHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life. I) DEDICATION TO SOCIAL WELFARE AND FIGHTING THE PANDEMIC The Group has been enthusiastic about public welfare and actively participated in environmental protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion, fight against the pandemic, rural revitalization, etc., to send a message of love and create a great good. In 2022, the Group encouraged units to participate various charity events, with a total of over 1, 880 volunteer-times participated and 5, 110 hours recorded for volunteer events. In 2022, in addition to the strict implementation of the internal pandemic prevention measurement, the Group also encouraged employees to participate in volunteer activities and actively participated in community pandemic prevention work. For example, after completing Covid-19 nucleic acid PCR test(the PCR test ) for its own staff, Hebei Plant volunteered to undertake the task of assisting 55 rounds of PCR test to 16, 000 staff from 12 companies nearby. c d d e e e d f d d d d d d f d d e e d e e d d f 382 d 24 d f d d 1, 880 d 5, 110 f d e e e e e f d d d f d 12 d 55 16, 000 f d 12, 000 f e e 6, 900 f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 103 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report(II) SUPPORTING EMPLOYMENT AND REVITALIZING RURAL AREAS As an influential national beer company, the Group strives to promote local economy and improve the employment of locals to achieve joint community construction. In response to the national policy, the Group launched a series of employment programs under the pressure of the pandemic to help alleviate the local employment problems caused by pandemic and provide impetus to the economic recovery. The Group actively co-operated with local universities and colleges to improve local residents skill set and increase their employment opportunities through academic and employment support, and professional skills training. In 2022, the Group signed technology development or service agreement with Beijing Technology and Business University and Jiangnan University, with a total amount of RMB300, 000 investment in the industrial, academic and research co-operation. The Group contributes to rural revitalization through measures such as industrial support, employment support, policy support, and financial support. d d d f d d d f d e d f d e d 30 f d d d f e e e d f 4 8 d 44. 12 f d 20 d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited104 (III) CONTRIBUTED CRSB S POWER TO LEAD INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENT The Group demonstrated its high-quality development trend by achieving steady growth in its business performance against the high volatility and uncertainty in the market. The Group pioneered in the exploration and discussion of the new world of beer industry, and shared its experience in exploring this field to the new world of consumption in China. As a leader in the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector, the Group cares about the fate of the industry and strives to inject new vitality into the development of the consumer industry. As an industrial leader, the Group takes an active role in realizing its mission and commitment by cooperating with the China Alcoholic Drinks Association to initiate and organize the joint discussion among the upstream and downstream enterprises along the industrial chain and scientific research institutions, conduct sweet beer series malting characteristic test, publish and implement the three-level standard of domestic malt, and implement the strategy of high-quality and preferential price of domestic malt. The Group has industry-leading scientific research capabilities. In 2022, the Group contributed to industry standardization project by actively participating in the formulation and revision of the national standards Beer Analysis Methods (Plan No. 202111060-T-607) and Quality Requirements for Beer Raw Materials - Part 2 Hop Products (Plan No. 20212036- T-607), and the formulation and revision of the international standard of Thin-walled Metal Containers Terms and Classifications Part 2 General Purpose Tanks (ISO AWI 24021- 2). d d d f d e d d e f d d d f d d f d d d e d d d d d f f d 2022 d d d d f d 202111060-T-607 2 j 20212036-T-607 d 2 j ISO AWI 24021-2 d f Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 105 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group was also outstanding among industrial peers regarding safety production. The EHS Department of the Group published papers of Research on Building an Integrated Enterprise EHS Management System and the Status Quo of Fire Safety Management in Labor-intensive Enterprises and Responses on the national journal Industrial Safety and Environmental Protection. The Safety Culture Concept and Practice Innovation About the Quantitative Evaluation on the Inherent Risk of Safety Behavior Norms issued by Heilongjiang and Jilin Regional Company and the Stressing Team Construction and Consolidating Front-line Management Building an Eight-in-One Team Safety Culture System in Anhui branch of CRSB issued by Anhui Regional Company were awarded the second prize in the 3rd Outstanding Articles on Enterprise Safety Culture Selection, respectively. On the other hand, it actively introduced and trained digital talents, gradually increased the proportion of financial digital personnel, and formed a professional digital financial team to create sustainable financial digital capabilities. The Group is deeply aware that achieving common prosperity, co-creation and sharing in the New World relies on all parties to jointly maintain industry order, safeguard industrial development, and strive to realize social value. At the second Sustainable Consumption Summit Forum 2022, the Group and other consumer goods enterprises jointly launched a sustainable consumption initiative to advocate the reduction of product packaging and higher utilization of recycled packaging materials in the consumer goods industry, thereby promoting Carbon Reduction Campaign throughout the supply chain. In addition, the Group continued to share its practical experience in sustainable development, and compiled the cases From Reduction of Packaging to Carbon Reduction of Supply Chain and Focusing on Carbon Reduction in the Whole Life Cycle, Building Snow s Double Carbon Action Model, etc., which were well recognized by the industry and contributed model references to the construction of corporate culture in the industry. f EHS EHS f d f d d e e e d d e d OCR eRPA d f d d d d f d e e d d d f d d e d f d d d d d f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited106 L WEN WHITE BEER LAUNCHED THE INITIATIVE OF LEAVE NO TRACE CAMPING d d d d f d d d d d d f L wen White Beer, a brand under the Group, has emerged as an essential beer brand for camping and established an industry model for camping marketing by virtue of its free and unrestrained personality and deeply binding the consumption scenario of exquisite camping and enjoying wild fun. e e d e f(IV) HEALTH, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND CULTURAL PROMOTION Through a series of responsible marketing strategies, the Group undertakes the mission of consumer health, green living and national cultural promotion. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 107 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE GROUP TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report d APPRECIATING THE NATIONAL ESSENCE OF THE BEAUTY AND TASTING OPERA MASK GENT d d d d d f d 2 d e e e d d d f Opera Mask series, a super-premium product series of the Group, is consisted of two types of packaging, Opera Mask Gent and Opera Mask Lady. The overall design is designed to convey the connotation of traditional culture, interpret Chinese elements, release Chinese beauty, and introduce the oriental culture beer brand from China to beer lovers across China and the world. In 2022, Opera Mask series beer, as the chief strategic partner of The Most Beautiful Chinese Opera II ( 2 ), established a connection with Chinese opera, Chinese art, Chinese elements and Chinese culture, helping Chinese cultural inheritance, comprehensively interpreting Chinese aesthetics, and releasing Chinese beauty. China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited108 A TRIBUTE TO CHINA S THOUSAND-YEAR-OLD BREWING CULTURE d d f e e e d d d 25 d 12 d d f d i e f d d d f d f At the end of 2022, the Group upgraded and launched the first super-premium product Nong Li with high-alcohol by volume and wort concentration on the basis of the super-premium product Li. The raw materials are made of organic millet, organic barley, organic corn and Lanzhou lily, which are highly compatible with the ancient recipe, as well as modern beer raw materials malt and hops, brewed by a unique brewing process. The original wort concentration reaches 25, while the alcohol content reaches 12. The beer is amber, with aroma of malt, nuts, and oak blooming in layers. The elegant and dignified antique pottery bottle design is inspired by the double-eared salamander pattern faience vase, a national treasure-level cultural relic recognized by the State Administration of Cultural Heritage. The red wax seal, which symbolizes a heart of gold, seals China s thousand-year-old brewing culture and the spirit of China s alcohol industry in the bottle. With a heart of gold and bright color of Nong Li, the color of the faith of the Chinese ancestors, it pays tribute to China s thousand- year-old brewing culture. Nong Li is the pioneering work in super- premium strong beer of CRSB, demonstrating the self-confidence of China s alcohol industry. Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 109 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance ReportVERIFICATION STATEMENT SCOPE AND OBJECTIVE Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency ( HKQAA ) performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability disclosures stated in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 ( The Report ) of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRB ) for the period from 1st January 2022 to 31st December 2022. HKQAA s responsibility is to express an assurance conclusion on the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the sustainability data and information stated in the Report. The objectives are to verify the fulfillment in addressing all mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; review the referencing of the selected GRI Standards of the GRI Standards 2021; evaluate the accuracy of the selected data and information presented in the Report; and review the reliability of the data and information management mechanism for preparing the Report. LEVEL OF ASSURANCE AND METHODOLOGY The process applied in this verification was based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our evidence gathering process was designed to obtain a limited level of assurance for devising the verification conclusion. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the ESG Reporting Guide and GRI Standards 2021 (Selected GRI Standards). e f 2022 1 1 2022 12 31 f e e GRI 2021( GRI 2021 GRI f e d j e i GRI 2021 GRI i i f 3000 f f d e GRI 2021 GRI f China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited110 The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. INDEPENDENCE CRB is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information presented. The data and information provided for verification is considered reliable and accurate. Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Connie Sham Head of Audit March 2023 e d d f f f f d f d d e GRI 2021 f d f 2023 3 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 111 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A A Environmental A1 Emission General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI303j eGRI305j GRI306j GRI305j GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI305 Emissions, and GRI306 Waste) GRI305 EmissionsGRI2-27 laws and regulations Compliance122-151 A1. 1 f The types of emissions and respective emissions information. GRI306j GRI306 Waste149-150 APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited112 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A1. 5 f Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c), 3-3(d) 3-3(e) GRI305j GRI305j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c), 3-3(d) and 3-3(e) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions) GRI305 Emissions67-68, 126-134, 138-144 A1. 6 d f Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI301j d GRI302j GRI303 j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI301 Materials, GRI302 Energy, and GRI303 Water and Effluents)126-151 A2. 1 e e f Direct and or indirect energy consumption by type (e. g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in 000s) and intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility). GRI303j GRI303 Water and Effluents140 A2. 3 f Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3-3j GRI302j GRI302j j 302 4 302 5 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 302 Energy) GRI302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 567-68, 126-130 A2. 4 d f Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3-3j GRI303 j GRI303j j 303 3 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents) GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 365, 137-144 A2. 5 f Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI301j d GRI302j d GRI303j d GRI304j d GRI305j GRI306j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI301 Materials, GRI302 Energy, GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI304 Biodiversity, GRI305 Emissions, and GRI306 Waste)122-151 A3. 1 f Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. GRI3-3j GRI301 j d GRI302j dGRI303 j dGRI304 j dGRI305j GRI306j GRI303j j 303 2GRI304j j 304 2GRI306j j 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI301 Materials, GRI302 Energy, GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI304 Biodiversity, GRI305 Emissions, and GRI306 Waste) GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 2GRI304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2 GRI306 Waste Disclosure 306 3(c) and 306 5122-151 A4 Climate Change General Disclosure f Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI201j GRI2-12j d GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance) GRI2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts126-137 A4. 1 d f Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. GRI201j j 201 2 GRI201 Economic Performance Disclosure 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change126-137 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited114 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B B Social B1 Employment General Disclosure e e e e e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI202j dGRI401 j dGRI405 j GRI406j GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI 202 Market Presence, GRI 401 Employment, GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity, GRI 406 Non-discrimination) GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations99-108 B1. 1 e e f Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full-time or part-time), age group and geographical region. GRI401j j 401 1(b) GRI401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)105 B2 Health and Safety General Disclosure j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI3-3j j 3-3(c) GRI403j GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure3-3(c)(used together with GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety) GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations116-121 B2. 1 f Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI403j j j403 2GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2117 B2. 3 d f Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI404j GRI404j j 404 2(a) GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI404 Training and Education) GRI404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 2(a)109-115 B3. 1 e f The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management). GRI404j j 404 1 GRI404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1113 B4 Labour Standards General Disclosure j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI408j GRI409j GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together withGRI408 Child Labour and GRI409 Forced or Compulsory Labour) GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations101-102 B4. 1 f Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI2-6j e GRI2-6 Activities, Value Chains and Other Business Relations90 B5. 2 d d f Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3-3j GRI308 j GRI414j GRI308j j 308 1 308 2 GRI414j j 414 1 414 2 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308 1 and 308 2 GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 288-92 B6 Product responsibility General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI416j d GRI417j GRI418j GRI416j j 416 2GRI417j j 417 2 417 3 GRI418j j 418 1GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI417 Marketing and Labelling and GRI418 Customer Privacy) GRI416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2 GRI417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosure 417 2 and 417 3 GRI418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1 GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations73-78, 81-88 B6. 1 f Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. N A78 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022 117 FINANCIAL S TATEMENTS A BOUT T HE G ROUP TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS CORPORATE G OVERNANCE Environmental, Social and Governance Report e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B6. 2 f Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with. N A73-79, 85-88 B6. 5 d f Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3-3j GRI418j GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI418 Customer Privacy)85-88 B7 Anti-corruption General Disclosure e e j (a) i (b) f Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI205j GRI205j j 205 3GRI2-27j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI205 Anti-corruption) GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205 3GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations93-98 B7. 1 f Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. GRI205j j 205 3 GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205 394 B7. 2 d f Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI205j GRI205j j 205-2 GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI205 Anti-corruption) GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205-295 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited118 e Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B8 Community investment General Disclosure f Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI3-3j j 3 3(c) GRI413j GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI413 Local Communities)84-85, 152-158 B8. 1 e e e e e f Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). GRI203j j 203 1(a) GRI203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)84-85, 152-158 B8. 2 f Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. hk Email info crb. Contents ABOUT THIS REPORT MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT02 04 06 10 OPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESS Establishing a Sound Governance Structure Strengthening Risk Control Fighting Corruption and Advocating Integrity16 17 181 PROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 5ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLE4PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMENTS 3FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTURE 2 INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX FEEDBACK FORM76 79Protecting the Rights and Interests of Employees Driving Employee Development Occupational Health and Safety Caring for Employees36 38 44 4722 26 30 31Strict Control of Product Quality Enhancing Service Experience Boosting Product Innovation Creating Intelligent Ecology Enhancing Responsible Procurement Caring for Health of Mother and Baby Building a Better Home66 69 71Key Environmental Performance Implementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Improving Environment Protection System Fulfilling the in Green Production Practicing Green Construction Advocating Green Office52 54 56 57 61 62 ABOUT THIS REPORT This report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibil- ities, and promote balanced and sustainable development. The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors. Reporting Entity For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the tradi- tional Chinese version as it shall prevail. Access to this Report The electronic version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www. Reporting Period This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2022, with some parts earlier or later than the time above. Reporting Scope It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries. Data Sources Data in this report comes from internal statistics, doc- uments, reports, third-party investigations and inter- views. References The report is prepared based on the Environmental, So - cial and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited ( HKEX ). It responds to and complies with the non-compliance interpretation re- quirement in the Guide in relation to the materiality of issues, the quantitative nature of data, the balance of data and the consistency of disclosure. Unless other- wise specified, this report uses the same data statistics method as that adopted for the 2021 Feihe ESG Report without any significant changes. MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report ABOUT THIS REPORT Leng Youbin Chairman March 2023As the sun and the moon continue their orbit, we welcome a new year. The successful convening of the 20th CPC Party Congress has sounded a call for unity and hard work toward building a modern socialist country and promoting the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. At the same time, Feihe has accomplished six decades of remark - able progress. Feihe has achieved a strategic upgrade that leads the industry and obtained new remark- able performance, enhancing its business resilience and competitiveness. We have also deepened our understanding and practice of ESG, becoming increasingly conscious of our responsibilities to society, environment, and partners, and are more committed to pursuing a path of prioritizing ecology and seeking green and low-carbon sustainable development. Feihe's unique brand value and philosophy have increasingly won the trust and order of more consumers. The past sixty years have not only laid a solid foundation for Feihe's journey towards a century-old undertaking, but also marked a new beginning for the advancement of its values. Feihe has always regarded technological innovation as the core driver of sustainable development. In 2022, through our continuous investment in research and development, we achieved impressive results and gained national recognition for our technological capabilities. This breakthrough has enabled us to create milk powder more suitable for Chinese babies, driving quality im- provement and innovation in the industry while contributing to the healthier growth of Chinese infants and toddlers. Our 3 2 2 digitization strategy is being implemented with remarkable efficiency, and we are making steady progress in the construction of world- class intelligent manufacturing demonstration factories. With efficient and flexible production, we provide consumers with fresher products, more professional services, and satisfaction of more accurate demands. We have upgraded our intelligent platforms, such as Star Mom and Star Mom Premium, to provide Chinese mothers and tens of millions of Feihe users with more understanding, compassionate and intelligent bosom friend-style companionship. Our platforms also provide high-quality nutrition and health products and solutions tailored to meet the needs of the entire family. As part of our ongoing commitment to social responsibility, Feihe is addressing a range of issues, including the hidden loss of parent-child companionship. Feihe initiated the 5. 28 China Baby Day together with the community and the industry, published the China Baby Self-Care Guide with authoritative institutions to promote the standardization of infant care in China, and launched the first digital collection exclusively for Chinese babies. As the first ex- clusive industrial cluster for infant formula in China, we have established a reputation for excellent performance in product quality, customer service, and R&D innovation. In 2022, we optimized our internal quality management system, adopting scientific management methods to refine and scrutinize every step of the quality testing process. At the same time, we have graded the quality of our suppliers and strengthened the identification of risks in raw and auxiliary materials to achieve the management goal of full traceability and source control. At the same time, we continue to strengthen corporate gov- ernance capacity and execution efficiency by reforming our organization system and cultivating young cadres from top to bottom. Our teams are adept at innovation and have strong competence. We prioritize humanistic care, actively build harmonious labor relations, and carry out various cultural activities and safety training to enhance the sense of belonging and cohesion among our staff. Feihe has joined hands with the State-owned Assets Supervision and Admin- istration Commission of the State Council, the Chinese Acad- emy of Social Sciences and the China Association for Quality to compile the China Corporate Social Responsibility Report Guide 5. 0, and wrote and published group standards such as the Corporate ESG Evaluation Guide and Corporate ESG Man - agement System Requirements to promote the ESG construc- tion of Chinese enterprises. With its excellent performance in corporate governance, product safety and quality, Feihe was upgraded from BBB to A in MSCI's ESG rating for 2022, the highest rating currently received by a Chinese food company. The use of produced organic fertilizers in farmland can significantly increase the organic content of over 100, 000 mu of black soil. This practice has significant social, economic, and environmental benefits and effectively promotes comprehensive carbon emissions reduction while contributing to the national carbon peaking and neutrality strategy. Feihe has always been devoted to charitable activ- ities and has continued to carry out eye charities, COVID-19 prevention and control, poverty alleviation, and other public welfare activities. These efforts have laid a solid foundation for rural revitalization and national development, highlighting Feihe's patriotism and sense of responsibility as a national enterprise. Our dedication to building and enhancing our brand remains a top priority, with a focus on connecting with consumers' hearts and emotions, and exceeding their expectations with outstanding quality, cutting-edge technology, and valuable products to continuously enhance the luster of the national brand represented by Feihe. On the road to sustain- able and high-quality development, we will strive to build a world-class enterprise! China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT Feihe, which was established in 1962 and based in Qiqihar, in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feihe is among Chi- na's longest-operating dairy brands. Over the past 60 years, we have been a pacesetter and innovator improving techniques, processes, and formulas in the manufacturing of milk powder for infants and toddlers in China. The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children. We have achieved targets for 2020 -as per the government's Dairy Industry Reju -venation Guidelines in terms of forage-planting, private farm construction and the self-sufficiency rate of raw milk. One hundred percent of our baby formula is made from our farms' fresh raw milk. We are consumer-oriented, put actions before words, seek win-win outcomes and have an endless passion for excel- lence. Embedded in our DNA since our inception, these core values continue to guide our journey. Our employees under - stand their responsibilities and work hard to fulfill them, day in, day out. By studying the nutritional components of breast milk, we focused on manufacturing better formulas for Chi- nese babies. We are a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert that brings joy and health to families. In 2022, Feihe redefined its strategic positioning as Freshly extracted active nutrition, more suitable for Chinese babies. Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. Our Vision Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Our Mission Bring joy and health to familiesOur Values Putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceSeeing our Efforts Rewarded ABOUT FEIHE Science and Technology Innovation Award - First Prize of Techno- logical Progress Award Chinese Institute of Food Science and TechnologyFirst Prize of Technological Progress Award (Research on Lactoferrin Extraction Technology and Its Industrial Application) China Dairy Industry Association China National Committee of the International Dairy Federation2022 (19th) Top 10 Influential Brands of China's Science and Tech- nology Innovation World Brand LabOutstanding Dairy Processing Company 2022 Dairy Association of China High-quality Development Enterprise Award Dairy Association of China 2022 China Corporate Social Responsibility Development Index - Top 3 Dairy Products Industry Corporate Social Responsibility Blue Book (2022) research group, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences 2021-2022 Food Safety Conference Socially Responsible Enter - prises Organizing Committee of the 20th China Food Safety Conference The 7th Zhitong Finance Listed Company Award - Most Socially Responsible Listed Company Zhitong Finance Tonghuashun Finance2022 ESG Green Company Star Investment Times, Biaodian Finance 2022 Social Responsibility Award of the Year Gelonghui 2022 People's Corporate Social Responsibility Award-Rural Revitalization Award people. cn People's Daily The 18th China Corporate Social Responsibility Forum-Responsible Enterprise of the Year 2022 China News Weekly, China News AgencySociety Innovation FEIHE 06 07 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT Environmentally Friendly and Dedicated to the Ecological Cycle Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Conducted more thanHas donated nearly RMB with a donation of more than RMBSupply area of raw and auxiliary materials covered more than 600 million in total million in 202238 RMB1, 000 business communicati on meet ings with distributor s Longjiang Education Charity Action covered schools in 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang Province, bene ting more than 280, 000 full-time teachers and 3. 3 million students Donated medical equipment worth RMB 5. 38 million to the eye charities activitiesSaved 2. 3934 million kW h of energy and reduced Saved 98, 000 tonnes of water respectivelyConducted activitie s on the Environmen - tal Prote ction Day, with participants 703 Invested RMB million 6. 3819 punishment caused by environmental violationReduced tonnes of COD emissions 83. 57 Completed improve- ment work for 13 suppliersConducted over major training exchanges for suppliers16 20 countries in 5 continents Tailai Plant and Jilin Plant have been certi ed as national and provincial green factories no Carried out sta 100 Conducted a total of anti-corruption training sessions for distributors26 0 16 corruption-related legal proceeding ReceivedOperating in Compliance for Steady and Long-term ProgressAchieved a 72-hour customer complaint resolution rate of with customer satisfaction rates exceeding, up from last year across all channels91. 4 4. 6 96 Invested a total of 493 RMB million in scienti c research Obtained the intellectual property manage- ment system certi cationGot 347 granted patents and 186 granted patents in 2022 Published 8 high-level SCI papers and in Chinese core journals3 papersNearly of suppliers 90 Assist ed ranch es to c omple te 3 external and internal ranch management evaluations12 Recruited fresh graduates, with from rst-class universities and higher learning institutions and international universities60 80 Introduced or above, of which hold bachelor or 53 Completed employee equity grants, 3 53 Employee training rate reached, with 100 O ered occupational health check-ups for 100 employees exposed to occupational disease hazards, and workplace safety training for 52. 8 hours Helped more than 131 employees and issued a total of more than in condolences6 million RMB5 factories earned ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certi cationtalents at the manager level 96 Putting People First and Enabling Shared AchievementsFeihe Quality, Healthy Future higher degreeswith a total of over equity shares grantedmillion of training per participant 100 employees, with a total investment of RMB 6. 303 million in workplace safety3, 133. 95 tonnes of CO 2 in environmental protection, withwere certi ed to ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC 22000 food safety management system and ISO 22000 food safety manage- ment system Invested RMB 24 million in total in the Feihe Education and Teaching Support Program 8 modernized domestic factories and 1 Canadian factory passed CE (imported equipment) certi cation 100 certi cation of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system certi cation in domes- tic factories anti-corruption training sessions for the Board of Directors, manage- ment and employees, covering Key performances in 2022 08 09 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT Feihe has incorporated responsibility and commitment into the DNA of its corporate development and attaches great impor- tance to sustainable development management. With the values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellence, we pursue sustainability in five key areas quality innovation; shared industry prosperity; ecological cycle; people-oriented responsibility; love and care. The opinions of stakeholders from all sectors have significant influence on the sustainable development work of Feihe. Communication with Stakeholders Philosophy of Sustainability Major stakeholders Expectations and demands Our response Governments and regulatorsOperate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on timeAccept supervision ans assessment Participate in meetings and training organized by government and industry associa- tions Shareholders and investorsImprove returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market valueConvene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular an- nouncements Organize investor relations activities ConsumersProduce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication chan- nelsConduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualized traceability across the industry Industrial chain partnersAbide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growthCommunicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peersEngage in fair competition Boosting the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research withuniversi- ties EnvironmentalistsProtect the environment Use resources responsiblyBuild green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions EmployeesSafeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balance Build a multi-tiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees Communities Boost local economies Engage with the community Help those in needProvide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babiesSustainable Development Model Vision Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for familiesBring joy and health to familiesMission Values Action Principle Putting consumers first, actions before words, achieving win- win outcomes, and keeping improving Seeking sustainability in a more suitable way Taking on more suitable responsibilities with our best to benefit society Creating more suitable overall value to meet the needs and expectations of all stakeholdersFreshly extracted active nutrition, more suitable for Chinese babies Quality innovation Shared industry prosperity Ecological cycle People-oriented care Love and responsibilityBrand Positioning Key Areas 10 11 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT Feihe attaches importance to the environmental, social and gov- ernance (ESG) issues that are crucial to our sustainability with a commitment to high-level corporate governance; we strive to align ourselves to the best international and local corporate governance practices for the interests of shareholders, other in- vestors, customers, suppliers, employees and the public. It takes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reports, formulates and reviews policies and routine matters related to sustainability as well as the environment, social and corporate governance. Also, it oversees important ESG matters that may affect the Company's business or operation and the rights and interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board of Directors evaluates, judges and ranks substantive issues that have a significant impact on the Company, discusses and determines sustainability priorities based on the external sustainability environment and the company's development strategy; it plays the regulatory role to review the progress and supervise the implementations. This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2022 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2022. Board StatementImportance to the CompanyLowMedium Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2022HighImportance to the Stakeholders Environmental Issues Social Issues Governance Issues119 108 76 2322 20 19 21181713 12 16 14155 423 1 11 1610 158 13 189 1476 12 17 12 13 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORTMateriality Assessment To prepare this report, we followed the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, identified ESG issues and made materiality assessment to ensure compre- hensive coverage of the information disclosed in the report and the concerns of stakeholders. We actively interacted and commu- nicated with all stakeholders, and made comparing analyses of topics as disclosed in the ESG report of companies of the same industry to identify the material ESG issues and define the boundary of this report. The materiality assessment process is as follows 23 issues concerning environment, society and, corporate governance were identified. They were col- lected from a broad range of sources, including the HKEX ESG Guide, GRI Stand- ards, internal policies and strategies, peer practices and an ESG rating system. Senior management as- sessed the impact of the identified issues on our core business segments. The issues were ranked based on their significance to stakeholders and to the stakeholder and to Feihe. This ranking was represent- ed in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclo- sure. The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2022 are determined as follows Medium Low 542 31Workplace safety Food quality and safety Responsible marketing Service quality manage- ment Compliant operation and productionPromoting industry development R&D and innovation Business ethics and anti-corruption Occupational health and safety Supplier management Employee Rights and well-being Waste recycling and management Career development and training Caring about employees Customer privacy management Water resource management GHG emissions and energy management Intellectual Property Protection232220 2119 Community investment and construction Response to climate change Ecological conservation Inclusive health education Charity activitiesHigh01 02 03 04 Establishing a Sound Governance StructureFighting Corruption and Advocating IntegrityStrengthening Risk Control1 2 31. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe has diligently complied with national laws and reg- ulations, domestic and overseas regulatory requirements, including all relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Corporate Governance Code of Appendix 14 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have comprehensively deployed and promoted the con- struction of a compliance management system. Each committee is respon- sible for offering decision-making references and sugges- tions on major management matters to ensure the efficient operation of the Board of Directors. The Company places emphasis on Board diversity and has established a Board Diversity Policy to ensure a balance of skills, experience, and diverse perspectives among Board members. Our Board consists of 11 directors, including 4 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors and 4 independent non-executive directors who operate independently from the controlling shareholder in terms of management, operation and finance. During the reporting pe- riod, the Company's Board of Directors held four meetings, with a director attendance rate of 96. Board Members Name Age Gender Position Experience Skill Mr. LENG Youbin ( ) 54 MaleExecutive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerIndustry Expert Mr. LIU Hua ( ) 50 MaleExecutive Director, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial OfficerIndustry Expert, Financial Expert Mr. CAI Fangliang ( ) 54 Male Executive Director and President Industry Expert Ms. Judy Fong-Yee TU ( ) 47 FemaleExecutive Director, Vice President and Company SecretaryIndustry Expert, Legal Expert Mr. GAO Yu ( ) 49 Male Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Mr. CHEUNG Kwok Wah ( ) 58 Male Non-Executive Director Industry Expert Mr. Kingsley Kwok King CHAN ( 46 Male Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Mr. FAN Yonghong ( ) 55 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Ms. LIU Jinping ( ) 51 Female Independent Non-Executive Director Medical Expert Mr. Jacques Maurice LAFORGE 67 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Industry Expert Mr. SONG Jianwu ( ) 59 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Journalism Expert As outlined in our amended and restated memorandum and Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for a va- riety of key functions. By summarizing the rules in operation practice, we respond to possible risks in production and operation, utilizing risk management and audit supervision to prevent major mistakes or losses and establish an efficient risk prevention and control mechanism. Risk Management Feihe has established a risk management framework and related risk management system. The Audit Committee is re- sponsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the risk control system. Our Crisis Management System of Feihe Dairy prioritiz- es risk prevention and focuses on early warnings, and clarifies the responsibilities of crisis management organization. In the event of a crisis, our crisis management team works to diffuse risks, assesses the damage caused, and draws lessons to avoid similar issues in the future. In 2022, Feihe constantly updates its risk framework in response to changes in the Company's internal and external environment, organiz- es quarterly risk identification and analysis for all employees, formulates risk event response measures and monitors the effectiveness of closed-loop management. Nomination CommitteeRemuneration CommitteeAudit Committee ESG Committee Structure of the Board of DirectorsBoard of DirectorsStrengthening Risk Control Build a company-wide framework for strategic risk, market risk, operational risk, financial risk and legal risk, covering 34 primary risks, 127 secondary risks and 284 tertiary risks Collect quarterly risk events under the risk framework from all employees, practice first line of defense values, and im- prove their risk awareness Design and quantify procurement contract risk indicators around contract management, with ongoing risk reporting and monitoring of improvements through quarterly assessment of indicator data resultsRisk identification Risk assessment and response Classify the risk events and deal with them with different strategies and closed-loop management methods Regularly monitor the implementation to ensure that the risk is under control Audit and Supervision Feihe has established an internal audit system at the corporate governance level and is continuously working towards enhancing and refining the internal control system. With re- gard to the internal audit system, the Company has formulated the Feihe Dairy Group Audit System, which outlines the audit and supervision scope for directors, senior management, various functional departments, wholly-owned or holding and participating companies with significant influence, and establishes relevant penalties for non-compliance at different levels. In 2022, the Company revised the Group Authorization and Approval Rules, which comprehensively updated the detailed list of approval authority for each system, and strengthened the mechanism of responsibility for dedicated leaders in specific areas. Guided by the basic principle of partic- ipating in each process and fulfilling their responsibilities in ac- cordance with regulations, we clarified the management require- ments of standardized use of the approval process and efficient communication, and continuously improved the standardized and reasonable authorization and approval mechanism. In order to ensure the effective implementation of our systems and processes, we carried out implementation checks for each key business area and core business, Through this process, we ef- fectively identified relevant risks and hidden dangers and formu- lated measures aimed at improving business efficiency and up- grading management measures. At the same time, the Company conducted special assessments and preliminary risk identification for fixed asset management, product development management, intangible asset management, intellectual property protection and information security management. At the same time, we updated the Group Fixed Assets Management System to further ensure asset safety and con- sistency between the account and the assets. The primary goal of this initiative is to en- sure the effectiveness of our internal control systems, identify any system deficiencies and opportunities for improvement as well as making recommendations on remedial measures and reviewing the implementation and enforcement of the measures. The Company strictly complies with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and other national policies and regulations as well as relevant laws and regulations in the regions where it operates, as well as the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China. Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures for Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy and other internal policies continuously improve compliance performance and business ethics management. The Company imposes internal economic and or administrative punishment for fraudulent activities based on their severity, and transfers suspect to the judicial authority as required. During the reporting period, the Company did not receive any legal proceedings related to corruption. In addition, Feihe is committed to creating a transparent procurement environment. To this end, the Company has added transparent commitment clauses in supplier and distributor contracts. These clauses aim to maintain a fair and orderly market competition order and ensure a clean and self-disciplined cooperative relationship. Feihe conducts audits on suppliers periodically, and any violations of the relevant agreements will result in the suspension or termination of the cooperation. Feihe has developed a comprehensive reporting and monitoring system that includes a smooth reporting channel for employees and partners to report corruption through telephone, email, and letter. A dedicated team will conduct a comprehensive investigation into the reported matters or the compliance risk matters found in the regular assessment, and take corresponding punitive and control measures in a timely manner. Reporting Process and Whistleblower Protection Preliminary examination Initiating complaints Collecting evidence Investigation report Feedback to senior levelsPreliminarily examine the reporting, e. g. whether the informant has evidence, clues and sources, to judge the feasibility to investigate and audit. The task force analyses the key evidence, determines the investigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval. The task force verifies and investigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evidence. Report Processing Process Anti-Corruption Training Feihe is dedicated to promoting a culture of integrity. We invited key customers in each region to participate in online policy promotion and compliance training meetings online to implement various policies. In 2022, the Company conducted a total of 16 anti-corruption training sessions for all staff, including the board of directors, management and employees, with the coverage rate reaching 100. In addition, we conducted a total of 26 special anti-corruption training sessions for distributors. In this way, we further improved the efficiency of cross-departmental op- erations. Anti-fraud responsibilities of Audit and Internal Control Center FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 18 19 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe is dedicated to the infant formula field. We are dedicated to conducting continuous product research and development and independent innovation to empower the develop- ment of China's dairy industry. Safety and quality fundamentally guarantee Feihe's products. Leveraging high-quality milk sources and strong research and development capabilities, Fei- he is committed to providing the most natural and pure nutrition in its formulas and provides infants and toddlers with a more suitable love. FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREEnhancing Service ExperienceStrict Control of Product QualityCreating Intel- ligent EcologyBoosting Product Innovation2 1 3 4 We follow the European Hygienic Engineering and Design Guidelines (EHEDG), European Dairy Plant Design Standards, Germany Institute for Standardization norms and relevant domestic guidelines to promote the construction and certification of quality and food safety systems, and achieve 100 certification coverage of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system for our domestic factories. During the reporting period, 8 modernized domestic factories and 1 Canadian factory earned the imported equipment (CE) certification, and we introduced a full set of German GEA production lines. In addition, we place great importance on the implementation of WCM(World Class Manufacturing). During the reporting period, we have completed 188 improvement projects and reported a revenue of RMB 48. 99 million. During the reporting period, we conducted 183 quality and food safety training sessions, with 2, 854 participants and a cumulative duration of 479 hours. In 2022, in accordance with relevant regulations and laws such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, based on production standards including the National Food Safety Standard Infant Formula (GB 10765-2021) and the National Food Safety Standard Formula for Older Infants (GB10766-2021), National Food Safety Standard Toddler Formula (GB 10767-2021), we added 15 quality management procedure documents such as the Quality Control Plan Management Procedure, the Food Protection Man - agement Procedure, the Microbiological Internal Assessment and Evaluation Procedure, the Cleaning and Disinfection Management Procedures and seven operation guidance documents such as the Compressed Air Quality Specification, the Specification for Sen - sory Release Evaluation of Row Materials and Products, the Dry Cleaning Management Specification to standardize the manage- ment of production, storage and transportation processes. Process inspection Environmental inspection Third-party appraisal Identification and improve- ment On the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10766, GB 10767, and GB 19301, we monitor the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspect each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards. Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process. The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems, and reinforces good practice. Milk Quality Inspection ProcessesQuality Management System100 certification coverage of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system for our domestic factories Completed improvement projects 188Reported a revenue of RMB 48. 99 millionConducted quality and food safety training sessions 183Participants 2, 854 Feihe factory conducts monthly on-site inspections on microbial control of fresh milk, forage and feed management, veterinary medicine management, and withdrawal time control in pastures under its jurisdiction. The audit team provides feedback to the pastures, and mon- itors and verifies the rectification progress, ensuring a safe milk source from pastures. In 2022, Feihe completed three external and 12 internal pasture audits, and identified 219 problems, among which 206 were rectified. On-site Management In 2022 Feihe completed 3 external and 12 internal pasture audits, and identified 219 problems, among which 206 were rectified 1 FI pillar Focused Improvement pillar-effectively control costs, reduce switching, improve efficiency, shorten the lead time for delivery, better completion of deliveries and support the fresh strategy. AM pillar Autonomous maintenance pillar-organize front-line operators to participate in early-stage checks for abnormal problems and simple maintenance tasks. Yellow Belt internal trainer internal trainer who is primarily responsible for offering coaching and training on group pathways. Strict Control of Product Quality 22 23 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650. 1-2022 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limits for 41 Veterinary Medicines in Food and has developed a risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to the risk early warnings of chemical contaminants in milk and dairy products issued by the EU, WHO, FDA, Canadian Food Inspection Agency and other international organizations. This plan is used to guide the quality control and management of raw milk and dairy products within our factory. In addition, Feihe has established a veterinary medicine control system such as Operating Specifications and Process for Vets Team, Veterinary Medicine Purchase List and Allowed Use in Lactating Cows to strictly manage veterinary medicine and cattle health. Our pasture strictly adheres to a rigorous protocol for the use of medicines, which includes purchasing medicine from the ap- proved veterinary medicine list. The pasture regularly conducts veterinary medicine inventory to determine the use, inventory, and amount of incoming medicine to ensure that veterinary medicine are used accurately with detailed classifications. It is strictly prohibited to cross-use veterinary medicines between lactating and non-lactating cows. Furthermore, prescription medicines must be administered by a qualified veterinarian in each pasture. If antimicrobial agents (except cephalospor- in suspension) are used during treatment, cows are transferred to a designated quarantine area and are only allowed to return to the main pen after they have been tested to ensure their milk is free of antibiotics and they have fully recovered from their illness. At the same time, the third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiot- ic residues in raw milk. In addition, we play music and provide massage for them to enhance their life quality. In addition, we conduct regular animal welfare training and technical exchanges to enhance the skills and animal welfare awareness of our staff. At the same time, we have standardized our product safety risk management process, conducting batch-by-batch testing of our products before they leave the factory, and carrying out annual product type inspec- tions for all products. If any abnormality is found during these inspections, we immediately investigate any deviations, assess the risks and determine the best disposal plan to legally dispose of non-conforming products. In 2022, we reported no product recall. As of 2022, nearly 90 of Feihe's suppliers have achieved ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, or ISO 22000 certification. At the same time, we refer to the requirements of national food safety regulations, and formulate 279 raw and auxiliary material standards based on the Supplier Approval and Re-evaluation Procedures and Procurement Contract Man - agement Standards. Our daily management practices are designed to effectively avoid and control the potential risks of chemical contaminants and pathogenic bacteria from entering finished products through raw and auxiliary materials. During the reporting pe- riod, we completed 34 updates of the risk monitoring plan for raw and auxiliary materials. Suppliers with outstanding performance receive priority treatment and a greater share of orders, while those with poor delivery quality are investigated and required to make improvements, and sup- pliers who are unable to meet our requirements are eliminated from our list. Product RecallSupplier Audit and Management Nearly 90 of Feihe' s suppliers have achieved ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, or ISO 22000 certification 9 Total Mixed Ration (TMR) is a feeding technique that mixes roughage, concentrates, minerals, vitamins and other additives to provide suffi- cient nutrition to meet the needs of cows. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe is committed to building an integrated, standardized, automated, collaborative, scene-based and data-driven all-channel dig- ital intelligent service model. With this model, we provide comprehensive services to our customers through multiple platforms and build consumer trust. We opened the official account of Star Mom, and held events such as the 47 N rare milk source exploration and China Baby Day activities, to provide consumers with scientifically backed parenting guidance, as well as customized family nutrition and health services. Enhancing Service Experience Feihe attaches great importance to meeting the needs of our customers. Consumer Engagement 47 N rare milk source exploration In 2022, Feihe held a rare milk source exploration activity with the theme of Presenting Leading Freshness with 60 Years of Dedica- tion. We invited experts from all sectors to show the customs, landscape, technology and brand spirit of the 47 N from the perspec- tives of nature, humanities and technology. The event highlights Feihe's 60 years of devotion to nurturing China's babies, taking from nature and giving back to nature. The activity engaged 5. 5 billion posts on social media with 10. 71 million comments. offline activities on themed traceability are held and attracted 339, 000 new customers. The collection is a digital art- work with the blessing of Chinese mothers, which attracted the attention of nearly 4 million people on the day of launch and over 110, 000 consumers participated in the online application activity. Adhering to the user first concept, we continue to improve the professional service capability of the platform and form an integrated ecological membership system. As of December 31, 2022, Star Mom has attracted 58 million members in China, and 25 million followers. Attracted the attention of nearly 4 million people on the day of launch Over 110, 000 consumers participated in the online application activityStar Mom has attracted 58 million membersFollowers 25 million Shine in the Future with Drops of Nutrition Baby Day EventFeihe's service on the official account of Star Mom 528 China Baby DayStar Mom Class Poster 26 27 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY At Feihe, we are committed to creating open communication channels with our customers and proactively addressing their expec- tations and demands. In 2022, we sup- plemented and improved internal systems such as Feihe Dairy Group Complaint Handling Management Procedures, Complaint Sample Photography, Acquisition, Packaging and Mailing Requirements, Risk Identification and Tracking Management Mechanism, and Complaint Handling Time Limit Management Mechanism. We also updated our complaint handling process, clearly defined the responsibilities and authority of each department, identified and tracked potential risks associated with complaints, and responded promptly to consumer complaints. These efforts have resulted in the formation of a closed loop and efficient complaint management. During the reporting peri- od, we identified 53 issues in five main areas complaints about gifts, points, products, sales and services, and address a total of 36 issues. We also opened official accounts on various social media platforms such as Weibo, Xiaohongshu and TikTok to monitor public opinion in real-time, respond to customers' inquiries and provide solutions within 24 hours of receiving a complaint to ensure that all cases are closed within 72 hours. In 2022, we achieved a 72-hour complaint closure rate of 91. 4, an increase of 4. 6 from last year. In 2022, the customer satisfaction rates of all channels exceeded 96. In addition, we have formulated internal advertising regulations ac- cording to the Advertising Law of the People 's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, standardized product promotion and responsible sales systems, and conducted compliance audits on the marketing slogans and advertising content. At the same time, we have provided internal training courses on product knowledge, nutrition and parenting and sales tactics to ensure that consumers will not be misled by marketing, providing them with reli- able and accurate nutrition and health information. Protection of Consumers' Rights and InterestsCollected feedback a total of 201 The customer satisfaction rates of all channels exceeded 96 Achieved a 72-hour complaint clo- sure rate of 91. 4 Completed service and busi- ness process optimizations 66 We abide by the Cybersecurity Law of the People 's Republic of China and created the Information Security Management Sys - tem, the Information Confidentiality Management System, and the Regulations for Personal Information Protection Manage - ment (for trial implementation) to clarify the principles of pri- vacy and information security management and the respon- sibilities of each department. In 2022, we issued the Security Loopholes Management Rules (for trial implementation) and the Network and Information Security Incident Emergency Re - sponse Plan (for trial implementation) to integrate prevention and contingency measures into the information security man-agement system to effectively safeguard corporate informa- tion security. During the reporting period, we registered no ma- jor information security incidents and received two informa- tion security notifications, which were promptly investigated and properly handled to mitigate any potential risks. In 2022, we conducted three network security training sessions and one security emergency drill with the aim of improving information security management and raising awareness among all employees about information security protection. The training sessions were designed to equip participants with security protection skills and to spread professional knowledge. These sessions had a total of 579 participants. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe's Patents in 2022 We also conduct assessments of potential intellectual property risks associ- ated with each business module during actual business operations and for - mulate corresponding countermeasures. In 2022, we performed both internal and external audits of our system and manager assessments. As a result of these audits, we successfully passed the certification review conducted by Zhongzhi (Beijing) Certification Co., Ltd., and obtained the Intellectual Prop- erty Management System Certification. Feihe continuously improves its intellectual property management system, respects R&D achievements, and encourages continuous innovation. During the reporting period, we invested a total of RMB 493 million in scientific research. Feihe has implemented the Enterprise Intellectual Property Management Stand - ards (GB T 29490-2013) throughout the Company. We prioritize safeguarding our own intellectual property rights while maintaining a zero-tolerance policy for infringement of others' intellectual prop- erty rights. Intellectual Property Management System Certification CertificateBoosting Product Innovation Intellectual Property ProtectionInvested a total of RMB 493 million in scientific research Patent TypeApplications in 2022Number of Grant- ed Patents in 2022Total Number of Granted Patents Invention Utility Model Industrial Design Total83 4 23 110 134 232 41 48 92 234 186 347Feihe Intellectual Property TrainingTo enhance the creation, application, and protection of in- tellectual property rights, we conducted intellectual property training sessions aimed at strengthening the capacity building of our intellectual property talents and enhancing the effec- tiveness of our intellectual property protection efforts. During the reporting period, we conducted 12 IPR training sessions, with a total of 35 hours and over 600 participants. Conducted 12 IPR training sessions Feihe attaches great importance to science and technology innovation, actively integrating and leveraging the advantag- es of its scientific research capabilities to create a supportive innovation ecosystem. During the reporting period, we published eight high-level SCI (Science Citation Index) papers and three papers in key Chinese journals. These papers cover a wide range of topics, including the functional nutrition composition of breast milk, clinical feeding of formula milk powder, functional ingredients of powdered formula and flavor of breast milk and powdered formula. Our objective is to reinforce the core advantages of our products, address common challenges in the industry, proactively contribute to the development of China's dairy in- dustry, and lead the high-quality development of the industry. In 2022, we started research on osteopontin (OPN) prepara- tion technology and detection method, with a focus on im- munity, brain power and mother-infant delivery. Our efforts to promote the industrialization of lactoferrin have resulted in the successful establishment of the first domestic automated production line of lactoferrin. By localizing the technology chain, we have addressed the cost challenges associated with domestic lactoferrin production. Scientific Research Results Automated Lactoferrin Production Line Creating Intelligent Ecology Feihe is committed to leveraging the power of digital technology to drive development across all aspects of the company. By transitioning our supply chain system from business-driven to data-driven, we are actively upgrad- ing our industry value chain with information technologies and data intelligence based management. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Table Feihe Smart Manufacturing Model Industrial equipment layerAutomation control layer Business execution layerWe adopted various types of advanced industrial production equipment, sensors, PLC10 control, transmission networks, and IoT gateways to collect, convert, gather, process, and calculate data, as well as perform necessary control. Through a unified interface (such as OPC11, UA12) and according to the transmission protocol (such as industrial Ethernet transmis - sion protocol), we connect to the automation control system. Through equipment monitoring and control systems (e. g. SCADA13, HMI14, etc.), we realized functions such as data ac- quisition, equipment control, measurement, parameter regu- lation and various types of signal alarms. For example, SCADA is a computer-based automatic control system and automatic monitoring system that monitors and controls the network of operating equipment on site. This consists of production execution systems such as MES15, LIMS16 and WMS17 that meet different industrial requirements and are responsible for tasks acquisition and assignment, and process execution. In this process, it is necessary to request the various pa- rameters, variables, states and data required from systems or industrial equipment layer devices in the automation control layer to communicate with the field equipment, to realize automated data collection or even intelligent collection as well as reverse control via networks and various interfaces. Operation management layerBusiness decision layer Through the enterprise data bus, the production system works together with the Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management system (PLM), Customer Re- lationship Management system (CRM), and Quality Manage- ment System (QMS) to enable collaborative management of the entire production process. Leveraging the power of the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and big data analysis to establish an inter- active system between cyberspace and the physical world, which is highly reliable, scalable and real-time. After layers of data collection, processing, storage, analysis and utilization, it can finally provide data foundation for the business decision layer (data middle office). The business decision layer effectively integrates the existing data in the enterprise, and comprehensively displays and analyzes lean production data and smart supply chain data, which can be used to guide production and supply chain management and support enterprise business decisions. Our intelligent supply chain capabilities and world-class manufacturing factories have garnered recognition from both domestic and international authorities and institutions. In 2022, the intelligent manufacturing model has achieved its phased goals and is operating smoothly. OPC OLE for Process Control, refers to the establishment of an interface standard for communication between industrial control system ap- plications to create a uniform data access specification between industrial control equipment and control software. UA User-Agent, which identifies the application's operating system, version category and logo, CPU model, browser kernel and language, hardware information and related models, browser rendering engine, browser language, etc. HMI Human Machine Interface, a medium for interaction and information exchange between the system and the user, which enables the conversion between the internal form of information and the human-acceptable form. MES Manufacturing Execution System is a real-time computer software system, which can manage information, resources, behavior, inven- tory and distribution operations more perfectly and improve efficiency according to operational business rules and algorithms. Laboratory information management system is an information management system that combines information technology with laboratory management requirements. WMS Warehouse Management System is a real-time computer software system, which can manage information, resources, behavior, in- ventory and distribution operations more perfectly and improve efficiency according to operational business rules and algorithms. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY At Feihe, we hold our employees in the highest regard, and always place the protection of their rights and interests at the core of our talent work. PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMENTSDriving Employee DevelopmentProtecting the Rights and Interests of EmployeesCaring for EmployeesOccupational Health and Safety2 1 3 4 We strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People 's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People 's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Protection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People 's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to the place of operation. Our human resources management framework comprises 24 policies and measures covering em- ployee relations, recruitment, training, performance, remuner- ation and benefits, and we have revised 19 of them in 2022. In the recruitment process, we strictly follow the Law of the People 's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, the Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor and other rele- vant laws and regulations. Our recruitment policies prioritize equal and diverse employment opportunities, and we firmly denounce all forms of employment discrimination, treating employees of differing genders, ethnicities, regions, religious beliefs, and cultural backgrounds with equity and fairness. Composition of Full-time Employees in 202218 Employees by genderMale employees 3, 834 Person Female employees 3, 025 Person Employees by typeFull-time employees 6, 859 Person Part-time employees 0 Person Employees by ageEmployees aged below 30 2, 416 Person Employees aged 30 - 50 4, 285 Person Employees aged above 50 158 Person Employees by regionEmployees overseas 389 Person Employees in Hong Kong 1 Person Employees in Chinese mainland 6, 859 Person Employees by edu- cation backgroundEmployees holding master's degree or above185 Person Employees holding bachelor's degree 2, 323 Person Employees holding associate degree 2, 833 Person Employees holding a high school diploma or below 1, 518 Person Total employees 7, 249 PersonProtecting the Rights and Interests of EmployeesTurnover Rate in 202219 Turnover by genderTurnover of male employees 20. 59 Turnover of female employees 19. 84 Turnover by ageTurnover of employees aged below 3030. 89 Turnover of employees aged 30 - 5014. 79 Turnover of employees aged above 5015. 79 Turnover by regionTurnover of employees in the Chinese mainland20. 25 Feihe strictly follows the Seven Principles in talent recruit- ment, and is committed to providing equal work opportunities for talents. During the reporting period, we recruited 80 graduates, of which 60 were from first-class universities or international universities. In addition, we implemented the social talent introduction program and introduced 53 people at the manager level or above, of which 96 hold a bache- lor's degree or higher. Comprehen- sive exami- nationEqual op- portunity Internal priority Internal referral Suitable jobsRefusal of employee's relativesFair competi- tion and recruit on a selective basisFeihe's Seven Principles in Talent Recruit- ment In the F Star program, F refers to Feihe and the future. It is a systematic training plan designed by Feihe for the management train- ees, which supports and guides them with a four-step four force model. During the process, the management trainees are able to find out their own positioning and strengthen skills through practice projects. During the reporting period, we completed three centralized training sessions, one cloud training session, seven sharing and exchange sessions, and two debriefing sessions. F Star management trainee program Induction training for management trainees Rotation learning and debriefing of management trainees 18 The number of employees by gender, employment type, age and education does not include the number of overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe. Employee turnover data does not include the overseas and HongKong employee turnover data of Feihe. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe constantly improves the remuneration and benefits system, clarifies the growth, promotion and career development path of each employee, and carries out comprehensive and multi-level training activities to improve the professional skills and profession- alism of employees. As per the Remuneration Management Mechanism and Man - agement Measures, Feihe ensures scientific and fair remunera- tion management by setting separate fixed and variable income percentages for different systems and reasonable remuneration ranges for different levels of personnel, and ensures internal fairness of employee remuneration through differentiated, dy- namic and cyclical performance evaluation. At the same time, we carry out annual industry remuneration surveys so that inter- nal remuneration increases are higher than the industry average, ensuring the external competitiveness of staff remuneration and attracting the best talent in the industry. At Feihe, our performance management approach closely aligns with our annual strategic objectives. Through objective management, process management, evaluation management and result application for the organiza- tion and individuals, we continue to motivate the organization, optimize performance, and improve employee capabilities and quality. Feihe performance assessment systemRemuneration Incentives Objective Man- agementProcess Management Performance EvaluationResults ApplicationFeihe employs a top-down approach to break down objectives, a bottom-up objective management system supported by em- ployees to ensure consistency between employees' and organi- zational goals. Organizational performance assessments are conducted on a quarterly basis, while employee performance assessments are carried out on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis, based on the characteristics of their positions. The performance results are reflected in the current remunera- tion, as well as value allocation considerations, including medi- um and long-term stock incentives, grade adjustment, remuner- ation adjustment, training, merit evaluation, etc. Corporate Strategy Corporate Mission Vision Objective Support Objective SupportStrategy Breakdown Objective BreakdownOrganizational Performance Management Individual Performance ManagementObjective Manage- ment Objective Management Results Applica- tionResults ApplicationProcess Man- agementProcess Manage- ment Perfor- mance Evalua- tion Performance EvaluationCorporate Strate- gic Objectives Sub-strat- egy 1Sub-strat- egy 2Sub-strat- egy 3 Feihe has implemented a long-term incentive plan utilizing stock incentives as the primary driver, covering both middle and high-level employees, as well as some exceptional pri- mary managers. This approach has proven highly effective in promoting team cohesion, motivation, and a sense of be- longing among our workforce. In 2022, we completed three stock grants according to the long-term incentive plan, and granted more than 53 million share options. Feihe's employee incentive system Feihe attaches great importance to the construction of the talent ladder, and continues to optimize the promotion mechanism based on the qualification system. Utilizing our five principles of promotion, we have created a growth channel that provides clear guidance, defined standards, and a standard process for career advancement. Feihe's Five Promotion PrinciplesPromotion MechanismGranted share options more than 53 million Valuing performance and output 01 02 03 0405Combining sequential promotion and cross-ranking promotion In principle, employees are promoted in sequential order. However, emplo-yees making contributions or posse-ssing ex- cellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings. Employees can be promoted by transf-err- ing to different career directions apart from their planned career ladder and adjusting the growth channel and job cat- egory for all-round development. Promotion and demotion Job transfer through promotionPromoting internal talents and outsidersIncentives Material incentive Cash Non-cash Stock Other benefit sSpiritual motivation Growth, achievement and significance Sense of belonging, honor and recognitionWage Bonu sDriving Employee Development 38 39 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY In 2022, we refined the evaluation criteria for qualification at each level, clarified the requirements for different levels and positions, and improved the professional quality and skills of our employees. We optimized our employee promotion mechanisms, placing sig- nificant emphasis on pressure response, value contribution, and developability when assessing candidates for promotion. We also emphasized the importance of creating value for the Company while leveraging the required professional ability for each posi- tion. In 2022, we promoted 120 people to the manager level and above. of middle-level manag- ers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 8 of business department managers and above were newly promoted. Feihe takes responsibility of cultivating talents and are committed to continually improving our internal training mechanisms. At the same time, we focused on improving training methods, and made efforts in the analysis of training needs, and the training results precipitation and publicity, and other key links, and built an online training platform to strengthen the training effect. Training system - Feihe 3 2 4 learning ecology Path speed up the development of four guarantees, strengthen the PDCA management for two-level training, improve the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels, and finally create a 3 2 4 learning ecology. Employee Training Summary Strategic needs To achieve the strategic goal of RMB 200 billion, we need to effectively unify ideology, fast train talent and inherit accurate experience. Orientation Play the role of employee develop- ment advisor and business partner to achieve the goal of pooling tal- ents sharing the same vision at all levels. In 2022, employees in Feihe received a total of 6, 859 training opportunities and 100 of them attended the training. Our employees were trained for 362, 155. 2 hours in total and 52. 8 hours on average. Feihe employee training systemA goal Two roles Three skills improved Two-level management Four guaranteeBrand-building connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmosphere with the help of new media Enriching resources selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesManagement and control Establishing a training quality control and effect assessment mechanism and applying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Support constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsLeadership collaborates with the training management team to drive project developmentPool talents sharing the same vision at all levels, and build a powerful organization Leadership Level-1 trainingLevel-2 trainingProfessional skillsGeneral skillsBusiness partner Employee development advisor In-house experience sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer's training Platform construction online learning resources; online training management System and process the system standardises the learning, and the process upgrades efficiency 20 Individual Development Plan (IDP) is a tool to help employees achieve personal and professional development. Its main purpose is to help employees achieve their short and long-term career goals, as well as to improve their current job performance. Employee training data does not include training data for overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe. Newly appointedIncumbent 40 41 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY In 2022, Feihe launched the online learning platform Shining Star Feihe Academy. During the reporting period, more than 5, 000 Feihe employees learned online in Shining Star Feihe Academy. During the reporting period, we collected more than 10 feedback emails from employees, and all of them were resolved in a timely manner, ensuring that our employees received satisfactory responses to their concerns. In 2022, we held two group-wide staff representative meetings. At these meetings, our managers presented the Company' s strategy, and heads of business units and departments provided special motion reports. Participants engaged in group discus- sions related to strategy implementation and thematic propos- als, offering valuable opinions and suggestions. Employees participated deeply in the Company' s business management. The proposals were finally implemented after they are circulated among all employees. Offers sharing, livestreaming, points rewarding and other functions to create popular interaction func- tions Uses the functions of signing in for training and exam evaluation to keep track of employees' learn- ing and strengthen training managementIn 2022, we launched Management Training Program (MTP) courses for middle managers of all systems, aiming to im- prove the management awareness and capability of middle managers. During the reporting period, we completed 23 online and offline courses, summarized more than 20 man- agement cases, and printed the Feihe MTP Management Record Manual. Feihe MTP Management Practice Camp Feihe Management Improvement and Innovation Practice ProjectCompleted online and offline courses 23Summarized management cases more than 20 Selected Management Quotations from Outstanding StudentsThe meaning of leadership is re- flected in how you use your own abilities to tap into the potential of others. Hao Qiao, Sales Department North 1 RegionIt takes an excellent self to lead an extraordinary team. Chen Pengfei, Production De- partmentEverything is met with active re- sponse, and everything has an echo. Zhao Xinliang, Husbandry Com- pany A failed team has no successful member, while a successful team makes everyone successful! Li Wenying, Quality CenterThe goal must be reached with efforts. Li Kai, Production DepartmentListen to both sides and you will be enlightened; heed only one side and you will be benighted. Hu Dandan, Supply Chain CenterPerformance appraisal can help managers to observe the desired behaviour of the managers. Zheng Kecheng, Sales Depart- ment East 1 RegionOnly when the subordinates are more excellent can we say that the management is successful. Xu Jiawang, Production Depart- mentResolving staff disagreements re - quires first avoiding cattle - penning cattle - leading cattle - bolting cattle Lan Guojian, Husbandry Com- panyThe simpler the management, the better, but not at the expense of quality! Zhu Ningbiao, Finance CenterThe achievements of good results must lie in good process control. Wang Tiejun, Sales Depart- ment North 1 Region Management is a kind of practice, and its essence lies not in knowl- edge but in action. Liu Baozhu, Production De- partmentIf the benefits far outweigh the costs and risks, we should take ac- tion; To act or not to act, don't just make half efforts or compromise. Zhang Jing, Husbandry Com- pany Though the goal might be unat- tainable, performance paves the road. Shao Hailong, Sales Depart- ment Central 2 RegionLearners, inherit the future. Qing Xi, Husbandry CompanyFunctions Marketing Production Husbandry 42 43 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe places the utmost importance on the health and safety of our employees, making it a top priority in all of our operations. In 2022, we updated management measures such as Fire Protection System Control Management and Emergency Procedures, Environmental Protection, Health and Safety Incident Accident Reporting and Investigation Procedures, and in- vested RMB 6, 300, 300 in workplace safety to continuously improve the workplace safety management responsibility system. In addition, we continue to promote the certification of our workplace safety system. During the reporting period, five of our eight factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification. Table Occupational Health at Feihe22 Feihe's Safety Culture Activities23Indicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Number of work-related fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 Number of working days lost due to work-related injuryDay 170 646 64 In addition, in order to create a safety culture and raise employ- ees' awareness of workplace safety, we conduct a variety of safety training and promotion activities, offering a total of 156 hours of training per employee, with 100 coverage. All em- ployees (with the management team as the core) have signed an annual safety responsibility letter. Through monthly behavior observation and safety sharing activities, we proactively identify and rectify violations and safety hazards, cultivating a culture of safety within our factory. At the same time, we ensured that 100 of our em- ployees exposed to occupational hazards underwent occupa - tional health checks. Occupational health checks cover employees exposed to occupational hazards 100 Factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification 5 Training per employee 156 hoursCoverage 100 Occupational Health Week Activities Environmental Protection Day Activities Fire Control Day Activities Safety Month ActivitiesOccupational Health and Safety 22 Occupational health-related data does not include data on Feihe employees in overseas and HongKong regions. Data relating to safety training and activities does not include data for overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY In accordance with national laws and regulations and indus- try standards, Feihe has established the Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards, the Feihe Dairy Safe and Civilized Construction Management Measures, and other internal management standards. We implemented a one-vote veto system for major casualties to ensure work- place safety and compliance. For high-risk operations, we conducted risk prediction and verification of on-site operation standardiza- tion in advance, and implemented a permit system for special operations to minimize the risk of production operations. In terms of risk control, we use graphene insulation boards with a Class A fire control rating for the external walls of our cafeteria, thereby eliminating fire hazards. In terms of safety inspection, we conduct a daily safety inspection, quarterly special inspection and a comprehensive safety risk inspection before festivals. In 2022, we developed a comprehensive risk identification process and methodology for each of our factories under the coordination of the Production Department. We identified key risks, formulated corresponding rectification plans, and im- plemented necessary rectification actions. In the EHS system workshop, we conducted risk alignment and unification for the main departments of our factories, including the production department. The output of this exercise served as a reference for each factory to improve their respective risk control lists. We or- ganized heart-warming activities to provide assistance to fam- ilies of front-line employees at the grassroots level who facing special hardship, such as those with a per capita income below the local minimum remuneration level, immediate family mem- bers suffering from serious illnesses, or those affected by major disasters. During the reporting period, we provided assistance to 131 families of employees facing hardship. As of December 31, 2022, the Love Foundation has granted nearly RMB six mil- lion in allowances, of which nearly RMB 1. 5 million was granted during heart-warming activities. Feihe attaches great importance to employees' sense of belonging and happiness, and carries out various employee care activities to protect the physical and mental health of all employees. Characteristic employee care activities on holidaysCaring for Employees Caring for Employees The Love Foundation has granted nearly RMB 6 million in allowancesProvided assistance families of employees facing hardship 131 There was 46 47 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Purchase Anti-pandemic Necessities Feihe also holds a variety of cultural and sports activities, such as badminton tournaments, yoga classes, Feihe Cup fat burning competition, etc., to enrich the cultural life of employees, to protect the physical and mental health of employees, and to inject new vitality into the Company. Various Cultural and Sports ActivitiesIn addition, during the COVID-19 pandemic period, Feihe pro- vided necessities for employees and condolence subsidies, with a total of more than 2, 300 condolence visits and a dis- tribution of subsidy and necessity packages worth more than RMB 1 million. Condolence visits more than 2, 300Necessity packages worth more than RMB 1million Feihe attaches importance to the cultural development and inheritance of the team. Essays were submitted a total of 1, 087Exceeding the target by 264 Developing Corporate Culture In 2022, Feihe held a 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion activity. The aim is to optimize the content description of the cultural behavior guide system, accelerate Feihe's strategic culture-focused behavior transformation, and improve organizational capabilities. In the activity, employees shared examples of positive and negative behaviors that match Feihe's values in their actual work. They jointly completed the compilation of the Feihe Culture Manual, which provides an in-depth interpretation and refine- ment description of Feihe's values, aligning Feihe's values and employees' work behaviors in knowledge and practice. In 2022, Feihe held an essay contest for all employees, aiming to review its development history and convey the spirit of Feihe. The essay contest was carried out through multiple channels, and employees from all systems were mobilized to submit es- says. A total of 1, 087 essays were submitted, exceeding the tar- get by 264, and finally 30 outstanding essays were selected. We compiled a beautiful booklet of nearly 50, 000 words, Mo- ments over the Past Six Decades, as a special tribute to Feihe's 60 years of development. It serves as the epitome of countless hard workers at Feihe. Feihe's 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion Activity and Results Moments over the Past Six Decades Commemorative Essay Collec- tionFeihe's 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion Me and My Feihe 60th Anniversary Theme Essay Contest 48 49 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Climate change is a significant global challenge that mankind is facing today. ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEKey Environmental Performance Fulfilling the in Green ProductionImproving Environment Protection System Advocating Green OfficeImplementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Practicing Green Construction1 42 53 6 Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2022 Indicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Waste gasTotal exhaust emissionsm31, 711, 320, 300 1, 127, 569, 862. 05 621, 748, 140. 50 SO2 emissions Tonne 26. 22 59. 78 5. 14 NOx emissions Tonne 144. 69 101. 85 25. 52 PM emissions Tonne 18. 17 15. 98 6. 65 Smoke emissions Tonne 5. 28 16. 19 5. 93 Waste waterTotal domestic and industrial waste water discharge10, 000 tonnes 191. 26 267. 49 274. 11 COD emissions Tonne 148. 08 100. 60 80. 52 BOD emissions Tonne 27. 00 25. 22 23. 52 Ammonia nitrogen emissionsTonne 10. 47 17. 84 4. 00 Green- house gas(GHG) emissionsTotal 10, 000 tonnes 15. 55 56. 92 18. 56 Scope 1 10, 000 tonnes 8. 52 46. 41 11. 93 Scope 2 10, 000 tonnes 7. 1 3 10. 51 6. 64 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per unitTonne RMB ten thousand0. 084 0. 25 0. 087 Hazard- ous wasteAbandoned labo- ratory flasksTonne 9. 45 11. 85 8. 94 Liquid discharge Tonne 11. 72 13. 77 11. 01 Waste engine oil Tonne 1. 33 2. 30 3. 25 Hazard- ous waste total and densityTotal Tonne 22. 50 27. 92 25. 44 DensityTonne RMB ten thousand0. 0000121 0. 0000123 0. 0000119 Domes- tic solid wasteOffice wastepaper Tonne 0. 73 22. 77 29. 57 Kitchen waste Tonne 65. 91 32. 18 36. 95 Other Tonne 763. 68 629. 59 1156. 87 Total industri- al solid wasteAsh Tonne 430. 142 377. 63 114. 89 Slag Tonne 8, 554. 61 5, 154. 06 1, 051. 05 Sludge Tonne 3. 01 6. 20 94. 17 Key Environmental PerformanceIndicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Gener- al solid waste total and densityTotal Tonne 9, 871. 34 6, 222. 43 2, 438. 49 DensityTonne RMB ten thousand0. 0053 0. 0027 0. 0012 Energy consump- tion Electricity 10, 000 kWh 8, 791. 88 9, 496. 59 6, 883. 22 Coal Tonne 32, 897. 17 20, 345. 03 3, 991. 22 Diesel Liters 91, 109. 89 59, 656. 50 48, 467. 47 Natural gas10, 000 standard m33, 884. 03 4, 809. 75 5, 065. 68 Steam Tonne 541, 714. 26 787, 070. 69 737, 467. 56 Total compre- hensive energy consumption10, 000 tonnes of standard coal15. 59 17. 69 17. 16 Comprehensive energy consump- tion per unitTonne standard coal RMB ten thousand0. 084 0. 078 0. 081 Water con- sumptionTotal office and industrial water consumption10, 000 tonnes 188. 19 325. 70 326. 32 Water consumption per unitTonne RMB ten thousand1. 012 1. 430 1. 531 Reduction of COD emissionsTonne 1, 998. 40 1, 144. 61 83. 57 Packaging material consump- tionPaper, cardboard Tonne 20, 208 18, 924 18, 065. 16 Iron Tonne 29, 550 22, 549 37, 526. 02 Plastic Tonne 7, 884 7, 152 9, 844. 82 Total Tonne 57, 696 48, 626 65, 436. 01 Notes 1. Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People 's Republic of China. After adjustment, we traced and updated some of the data for 2021. 3. Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consump - tion GB T2589-2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission. Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Notes on the statistical method In 2022, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from seven factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co. Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, Tailai Factory and Shanxi Factory. Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environment Protection of the PRC. Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including coal, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels combustion and emissions from wastewater treatment and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe has fully implemented the guiding ideology that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets and is proactively re- sponding to the national commitment to peaking carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality before 2060. Feihe assumes the responsibility of leading the decarbonization transformation of China' s dairy industry. Feihe has identified the risks posed by climate change to the enterprise, including both transformation and physical risks, and has taken response actions accordingly. Climate Risk Identification As a leader in the dairy industry, Feihe is actively engaged in global initiatives to address climate change and is committed to creating long-term stable, corporate value while promoting harmonious development of the environment and society. Implementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Risk Cate- goryRisk Risk Description Response Transition riskPolicy riskThe future national energy mix will shift to non-fossil energy sources, and energy use will shift to low-emission sources. The risks and financial impact associated with policy changes depend on the nature and timing of the policy changes. As climate change becomes increasingly ur- gent, regulators are placing greater emphasis on accurate environmental data disclosure by companies, especially with the implementation of carbon trading and environmental taxes. Market riskAs a result of factors such as government pub- licity and advocacy, carbon neutrality commit- ments and energy planning, there has been a rise in awareness among residents, industrial customers and investors on the energy demand side regarding the use of clean energy. Technology riskGovernments generally encourage technolog- ical improvements or innovations that help in transitioning to a low-carbon, energy-efficient economic system, and these developments can significantly impact organizations. Physical riskAcute physi- cal riskThe intensification of extreme weather events such as typhoons, hurricanes, floods, heavy rainfall and extremely hot weather may dam- age factory discharge facilities, threaten the safety of the water environment, and affect the stability of production and operation. Chronic physical riskPersistent high temperatures and water short- ages can increase the risk of heat stroke for em- ployees and affect factory productivity. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe continues to improve the environmental system. In 2022, Feihe was committed to establishing sustainable green factory and reducing the impact on the envi- ronment in the production stage. Feihe's Application for Green Factory Certification Feihe headquarters and factories implemented regulations for the management of water, electricity and natural gas con- sumption in production, service, office, and living areas. At the same time, we established and improved assessment mecha - nisms to evaluate departments that use excessive amounts of water and electricity. The aim is to eliminate wasteful consump- tion of various energy sources such as electricity, water, oil, and to prevent running, overflowing, dripping, and leakage. Our ecological restoration and improvement work was completed in full with high quality, and we have passed the environment protection acceptance. In 2022, Fei- he's investment in environmental protection totaled RMB 6. 3819 million, and we received no punishment due to environmental compliance violations. In the future, Feihe will reasonably set medium and long-term environmental targets that are tailored to the Company 's spe - cific conditions. These targets will include emission, energy, and water consumption targets, and will be achieved through the implementation of appropriate emission and consumption reduction initiatives. Tailai Factory Jilin Factory Kedong Factory, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory and Baiquan Factory (materials submitted, application not yet approved)Improving Environment Protection System National Green Factory Certi- fication Provincial Green Factory Certification Energy Targets Water Consumption Targets Optimize production and R&D facilities to improve productivity Build an energy-efficient clean energy system and comprehen- sively promote the application of new energy sources such as photovoltaic powerActively implement water conservation measures and apply advanced tech- nologies to increase the comprehensive utilization rate of water resources Strengthen water conser- vation publicity and advo- cacy, and raise employees' awareness of water con- servationEmission Targets Strengthen carbon emission monitoring in production and daily operations, actively car- ry out energy saving and emission reduction actions, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower total carbon emissions Standardize emission management process- es and standards, innovate green production processes and dispose of emissions properly Increase the recycling of packaging materi- als, reduce per unit disposal of both hazard- ous and non-hazardous waste generated in the manufacturing process and constantly improve the level of waste management Feihe upholds the concept of green production, optimizes risk control in the production process, and is committed to establishing a sustainable green factory. Feihe strictly abides by the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Energy Conservation and other laws and regulations, con- stantly increases the efficiency of resource utilization and explores energy conservation and emission reduction technologies. The Company has implemented a systematic approach to resource management, establishing specialized statistical ledger to track electricity, natural gas, gasoline, and other resource usages, while monitoring and regularly reviewing energy consumption across all aspects of operations. Among them, 169. 7 tonnes of steam were saved through the CIP skill reduction group at the Baiquan Factory, and the natural gas reduction group and CO2 reduc- tion group were established at the Tailai Factory, with annual savings of 29, 131 cubic meters of natural gas and 128. 19 tonnes of CO2. Condensate water collection tanks were installed in the factory, so that the condensate water was pumped into the water purification unit to warm up the softened water. Longjiang Factory condensate water recovery and renovation pro- jectFulfilling the in Green Production Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Longjiang Factory energy conservation and emission reduction actionEnergy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Actions by Feihe Factories in 2022 Saving a total of 2, 393, 400 kW h Reducing equivalent emissions 3, 133. 97 tonnes of CO2 Pure water produced 22 tonnes hourIncreased 30 tonnes hour Kedong Factory Boiler heat recovery A3 Project Deaerator heat recovery A3 Project Air compressor energy con- sumption reduction projectGannan Factory Electricity consumption rush- hour energy conservation Boiler cleaning for natural gas conservation Waste heat recovery Transformer capacity reduction technology reform 56 57 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Highlights in Water Conservation Measures of Feihe's FactoriesFeihe strictly abides by the Water Law of the People 's Republic of China and constantly strengthens water conservation manage- ment throughout the entire process of water source, extraction and utilization in production units. In its daily work, Feihe actively takes measures such as multiple uses, water recycling and processes adjustment to continuously reduce the unit consumption of water and improve the overall efficiency of water resources utilization. At the same time, each factory is equipped with an inde- pendent sewage treatment factory and is connected to the city sewage pipeline. The sewage is discharged to the city sewage treat- ment factory after treatment to avoid the negative impact of sewage on the environment. In 2022, Feihe factories actively carried out water conservation measures and achieved fruitful results, with a total water conserva- tion of about 98, 000 tonnes in each factory. Water Resources Management Gannan FactoryCarried out a centralized condensate water recovery project in peripheral scattered areas, saving 815 tonnes of steam in a heating seasonBaiquan FactoryEstablished CIP (Cleaning In Place) energy conservation and emission reduction team to reduce full cleaning before production to reduce consumption, saving 83, 020 kWh of electricity, 1, 155 tonnes of water, 78, 399. 99 cubic meters of natural gas and 11. 375 tonnes of acid and alkali in 2022 Longjiang FactoryCarried out water recycling project for the top water before mixing, saving 8, 760 tonnes of water per yearJilin FactoryCarried out water treatment and pure water preparation capacity improvement project to reduce fresh water usage, saving about 7. 88 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out fire control water test time reduction project, with test time reduced from 40 minutes to 10 minutes, saving about 1. 2 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out the project of reducing water consumption in production to reduce the frequency of cleaning and water consumption, saving about 3. 15 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out the project of using evaporator condensate water for milk cart pre-cleaning to save water for milk cart cleaning, saving about 1. 48 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out deuterium oxide reuse projects, including cleaning, cool water tower, boiler tank deu- terium oxide reuse, etc., saving about 0. 24 tonnes of water in 2022 Kedong FactorySet up a water treatment water production rate improvement team to increase water production per hour from 28 tonnes to 33 tonnes, saving about 90 kWh of electricity per day after improvement Formed the evaporator start-up and shutdown standardization group to reduce the evaporator start-up time from 67 minutes to 40 minutes and save water, electricity and other related energy consumption, saving about 77 kWh of electricity per day after improvementFeihe has integrated its green development into all stages of production and operation. In our commitment to pollution prevention and control, we strictly monitor and control the production and discharge of wastewater, exhaust, waste in the production process, so as to properly dispose of all emissions. Feihe strictly complies with the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Environmental Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pol - lution and the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment, and follows the prevention and control principles of reduction, recycling and harmlessness. During the construction and operation phases, we minimize the generation and discharge of waste and strive to reduce the negative impact on the environment to the maximum extent possible. Emissions Management Wastewater Discharge Waste Discharge Feihe's specific solid waste treatment measures It strictly prohibits the direct dumping of hazardous chemical waste into the sewer. Each department is required to store hazardous waste in designated barrels or bins. The EHS department conducts monthly on-site inspections of the ledger with the custodian of the hazardous waste depot of the storage and supply department to update the company-level hazardous waste list. When the storage of hazardous waste reaches 80 of the storage capacity of the depot, the depot custodian submits the Hazardous Waste Transfer Plan Form to the EHS department and applies for hazardous waste transfer treatment. The barrels boxes are labeled with hazardous waste recycling labels. When the waste reaches a certain capacity, the hazardous waste storehouse custodian of the storage and transportation supply department will sort and place the haz- ardous waste according to the labels, fill in the Hazardous Waste Entry and Exit Ledger and then transport them to the hazardous waste recycling station for recycling and storage. The EHS department will entrust a qualified third-party company to transport and dispose of the hazardous waste after the local environment protection bureau handles the hazardous waste disposal forms, and the solid waste will be treated harmlessly on a regular basis. COD emission reduction reached 83. 57 tonnesWe have installed advanced sewage treatment equipment to reduce the impact of water pollution on the environment, improve water quality, and the surrounding environment for enterprises, cit- ies, rural areas, etc. In 2022, Feihe's COD emission reduction reached 83. 57 tonnes. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environment Protection, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Air Pollution, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Im - pact Assessment, and regional atmospheric emission standards. In addition, we actively explore new technologies for air pollution management, effectively identify and control each exhaust gas in the production process, and increase the level of air pollution management. Exhaust ManagementIn 2022, Feihe reduced the waste caused by the transportation and use of barrels of oil by using tank trucks for transportation and storage tanks for storage. Oil tank truck transportationUpgraded transportation method for barrels of oilGannan Galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) packaging improvement and upgradeFeihe waste disposal measures Domestic waste It was piled up in the garbage bin on site, and was cleared out of the site by the local municipal sanita- tion vehicle at a fixed time every week. Construction waste The construction unit classified and piled the construction wastes in a unified way, and the on-site construction personnel recycled and reused the waste materials after continuous selection. Non-reusable waste It was collected by the construction unit in a unified way and repurchased by the waste recycling station. These regulations include specific management measures for noise control, reduction of vehicle emissions, dust management, and other environmental issues. Each factory is required to strictly implement these measures. Feihe fully considers the impact of noise on the surrounding living environment. In terms of machinery selection, we select low-noise machinery or equip them with noise reduction devices to effectively reduce noise pollution at the source. Feihe ensures that all construction vehicles comply with national inspection requirements and pass the 2022 exhaust tests to obtain certificates of conformity. Other than heavy vehicles, such as cranes and concrete tankers, we require the use of electric drives to reduce vehicle exhaust emissions. At the same time, We prioritize the maintenance of construction machinery and transportation vehicles, and strictly prohibit the use of overloaded diesel-fueled construction machinery to minimize emissions of exhaust and particulate matter. During the construction period, we cover exposed ground, earthwork, gravel and cement with dustproof nets and suppress them with water sprinkling carts on roads and construction areas from time to time throughout the day. Noise Management Vehicle Management Dust ManagementFeihe noise management measures Machinery generating intense noise on the construction site must be sealed in sheds to reduce the spread of intense noise. In densely populated areas, work hours are strictly controlled night work does not occur later than 22 00, and morning work does not occur earlier than 06 00. If continuous operation or night operation is unavoidable under special circum- stances, noise reduction measures must be taken as much as possible. Before construction, we warn nearby residents and send notices of construction to related departments and bureaus. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Advocating Green Office Feihe has fully promoted the concept of a low-carbon office, and established the philosophy of environmental protection and conser- vation. In 2022, in order to enhance employees' awareness of environmental protection, Feihe held Environment Protection Day activities themed Building a Clean and Beautiful World with 703 participants. The activities mainly included thematic painting, environment protection food recording, factory cleaning, banners hanging, etc. Feihe' s low-carbon office measures Saving office electricity Participants 703 Feihe green office duplex printing sign Environment Protection Day activities themed Building a Clean and Beautiful World Advocating paperless office Save office electricity and promote the use of ener- gy-saving lamps as well as solar street lamps and solar water heaters. Install multiple switches, to turn on lights only in sections where they are needed; Equipment, such as computers and printers, is turned off during lunch breaks and after work. Air conditioners are used less frequently and increase the equipment temperature if possible. Place reminders for energy conservation. The office purchases duplex printers to save pa- per in the office. For non-essential standard documents that need to be printed, the page and font size are set to improve the content capacity of the paper. China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe has extended its own sustainable development requirements to the upstream and downstream supply chains. At the same time, Feihe places significant emphasis on fulfill- ing its social responsibility as a prerequisite and basis for long-term corporate develop- ment. As such, the company actively engages in charitable activities that cater to diverse groups, with a particular focus on benefiting mothers, children, and the wider society. At the same time, we proactively encourage suppliers to fulfill their social and environmental responsibilities by fostering procurement integrity and ad- ministering supplier empowerment training. Feihe has developed and implemented internal rules and regulations such as Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement, Strategic Supplier Development and Management Process, etc. These initiatives aim to implement graded and differentiated man- agement of suppliers from supplier access, daily management, performance evaluation, and to establish a perfect quality man- agement system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply. Supplier AccessFeihe continues to improve the Potential Supplier Management Process, requiring suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements. Our approach involves conducting comprehensive surveys and analyses of potential suppliers, utilizing preliminary supplier questionnaires, to enhance their reputation, supply risk, and willingness to cooperate, allowing us to facilitate development ac- cess work. Feihe has developed a rigorous business and approval process based on relevant business, and has provided training and authorization management for employees. Supplier EvaluationFeihe has improved its performance evaluation mechanism for suppliers by establishing and implementing a supplier evaluation process. Feihe evaluates the comprehensive performance of suppliers based on their monthly and an- nual performance. Supplier With- drawalFeihe implements a positive incentive mechanism for suppliers who with good performance. If a supplier fails to improve, they will be included in our elimination list. At the same time, we require all partners to comply with regulations on environment protection, health and safety, labor rights and in- terests, and business ethics, and to sign a commitment letter with us on environment protection, business ethics, and other codes of conduct. Through the implementation of the code, we effectively communicate the requirements of Feihe' s sustainable devel- opment to our upstream and downstream partners, establish a shared understanding of sustainability, promote the adoption of a unified code of conduct, and effectively promote the sustainable development of the entire supply chain. The main topics in the Supplier Code of ConductTotal number of suppliers 211Number of Chinese mainland suppliers 138 Conducted large-scale training exchanges for our suppliers more than 16 Completed improvement work for 13 suppliersNumber of overseas suppliers 73As of December 31, 2022 Feihe attaches importance to supplier communication and training. This includes exchanging industry information, analyzing market situations, interacting on innovation information, conducting project management training, and sharing professional technology knowl- edge. Our aim is to empower the company 's development and es- tablish a robust ecological chain. In 2022, we conducted more than 16 large-scale training exchanges for our suppliers. At the same time, we implemented improvement plans through factory-based guidance, on-site audits, and special improvement projects across various dimensions such as hardware and equipment, personnel management, implementation, and risk management of suppliers. In 2022, we have completed improvement work for 13 suppliers by carrying out supplier focus management to further ensure the con- tinuous improvement of supply ecology and capability. Supplier Training Compliance with environmental laws and regula- tions Environmental man- agement Resource conser- vation Waste manage- ment Environment Health and SafetyOccupational dis- ease protection Healthy and safe working environ- ment Business EthicsAnti-corruption Anti-unfair com- petition Anti-commercial bribery Gifts and hospi- tality Labor RightsAnti-discrimina- tion Human rights guarantees Eliminate child labor Prohibit forced labor 66 67 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe is committed to establishing a sustainable development platform, and strives to build a sustainable industry chain. These principles include business channels, business strength, business philosophy, self-governance, in- dustry experience and willingness to cooperate. Feihe also in- creased the background investigation of the on-site distributors through the independent third-party institutions at the entry stage, allowing us to gain insights into the actual situation of distributors in all aspects. The system evaluates and ranks distributors based on three indicators quarterly sales, service and market health. The Company held business communication meetings with distributors who are ranked low and conducted targeted coun- seling to help them improve their performance. In our efforts to establish a sustainable industry chain, Feihe collaborated with distributors to create a sustainable develop- ment platform. In 2022, Feihe conducted more than 1, 000 business communication meetings with distributors. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we collaborated with distributors to visit markets and carry out integration activities to overcome chal- lenges together. In 2022, Feihe raw and auxiliary materials were sourced from more than 20 countries across five continents; key imported materials such as desalted whey powder, skimmed powder, lactoferrin, lactose, etc., were sourced from the Netherlands, Germany, France, Finland, Ireland, the United States, Denmark, New Zealand and Australia. At the same time, We continuously adjust our supply model in response to changes in the dairy supply and demand market, as well as the international economic and political situation to disperse the protection risks. Feihe conducts annual supplier risk identifications and assessments of environmental risks, labor health and safety risks, and ethical risks, and strengthens supplier risk control through strict requirements and on-site visits. Supplier Risk Management Our procurement structure is composed of a development group, an order group, and a management group. The pro- curement department formulates a strict business and approval process, based on relevant business practices, and provides comprehensive training and conducts authorization management to employees; We require confidentiality agreements to be signed during the pre-development period of new suppliers and projects to protect our proprietary information, such as the Company's formula and technology; Our contracts are signed only after rigorous online inquiries, price comparisons, bidding, and negotiations to ensure that we are adhering to regulations and that the process is open and transparent; We include anti-corruption clauses in our contracts that require suppliers to comply with all relevant laws, regulations, codes of conduct, and standards. Feihe supplier risk control measures include the followingFeihe has conducted a series of studies on breast milk, including a systematic review and meta-analysis of literature on the nutritional and functional components of breast milk and breast milk flavoring substances. As of December 31, 2022, the database has included 2, 115 breast milk samples and with more than 14, 000 detected active ingredients, including breast milk proteome, lipidome, oligosaccha- ride, metabolome, ionome, peptide group, flavor substances and ex- osomes. This makes us an industry-leading database in terms of the variety of breast milk ingredients. Breast milk database As an advocate of breastfeeding, Feihe is committed to addressing the specific needs of mothers and babies. We have launched a variety of nutrition and parenting-related courses awareness-raising activities to support the health of mothers and babies, guarding the healthy growth of Chinese babies. Caring for Health of Mother and Baby The database has breast milk samples included 2, 115 Table Feihe's courses related to mother and baby health Feihe Product Knowledge Feihe Nutrition and Childcare Explain that breast milk is the best food for babies, and positively guide consumers to insist on breast - feeding their babiesIntroduce knowledge of the growth and development indicators of infants and toddlers from 0 to 36 months, key nutrition and feeding guidelines, and common breastfeeding problems 68 69 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe new customer development activities livestreaming nationwideIn December 2022, Feihe teamed up with renowned experts to create a nationwide live event to guide pregnant mothers on how to choose and use medication after COVID-19 infection, and how to improve the immunity of babies during the COVID-19 pandemic, to protect the health of pregnant mothers and babies. The event was well received by mother users, with a total of 13, 328 viewers. In the face of the new pandemic, the earthquake and other major public health events, as well as major natural disasters, Feihe has courageously shouldered its social responsibility and established a comprehensive emergency relief rapid response mechanism to assist affected areas. Feihe always upholds the corporate social responsibility concept of trying our best to give back to society, while pursuing high-quality development. In recent years, Feihe has focused on major public health events, natural disasters, medical care, edu- cation, and other areas, and has carried out a series of multi-dimensional charitable activities. In addition, Feihe do- nated supplies to various social organizations in Heilongjiang, such as sending supplies and nutrition products to Qiqihar Medical College, donating COVID-19 prevention and control supplies worth RMB 600, 000 to Shuangcheng District, Harbin City, and donating RMB 4 million to assist in the building of a nucleic acid testing laboratory in Bei'an, Heihe City. Feihe quickly launched an emergency relief plan and donated nutrition products worth 1 million yuan to the China Red Cross Foundation for earthquake relief. Feihe's Eye Charities initiative has already provided over 20, 000 charity medical consultations and nearly 2, 300 surgeries. The program has been implemented in 14 regions across 10 provinces in China. In August 2022, Feihe joined hands with the Eye Charity Organizing Committee to carry out the Eye Charity Feihe Charity Activities (Kedong Station) charity consultation activities. The event invited Professor Zhao Peiquan, Director of Ophthalmology of Xinhua Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine, as the leader, and famous ophthalmologists and professors from Shanghai and Peking University Alumni Association and philanthropists from all sectors. We conducted six-day charity con- sultations and surgery for cataract patients in Kedong County, and donated medical equipment worth RMB 5. 38 million to the First People's Hospital of Kedong County. Eye Charity Feihe Charity Activities (Kedong Station)Medical Charity Eye Charities initiative has already provided charity medical consultations over 20, 000 surgeries 2, 300 Eye Charities Feihe Charity Activities charity activity 72 73 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY Feihe places great emphasis on talent development and fully supports the advancement of education. We are dedicated to pro- viding underprivileged students with access to quality education. The initiative covered general high schools, junior high schools, elementary schools, preschools and special education schools in 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang Province, benefiting more than 280, 000 full-time teachers and principals and more than 3. 3 million students. In March 2022, Feihe donat- ed 758 cases of milk powder worth more than RMB 500, 000 to Nangqian County, Yushu Prefecture, Qinghai Province to help students. In July 2022, a donation ceremony of Feihe's charity activities themed Care for Left-behind Children was held in Fuyang City. The charity project was launched to donate school bags, stationery, books and Feihe's nutrition products worth RMB 316, 000 to left-behind children. Feihe's charity activities themed Care for Left-behind Children The inauguration ceremony of Feihe Love Book HouseIn November 2022, the inauguration ceremony of Fei- he Love Book House was held in Guanzhuang Village, Qianshan City, Anhui Province, donating nutrition for- mula and other materials worth RMB 100, 000 to the local community. Donation to Dudong Town, Sanjiang County In May 2022, Feihe' s Warmth of the Sun, Great Love without Borders 2022 annual education charity cam- paign was launched in Liuzhou City, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, with a total of 7, 200 boxes of milk powder worth nearly RMB 400, 000. 74 75 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX Environmental, social and governance indicators Page A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. P52 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P56 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P53 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P56 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P56 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applica- ble, with reference to per unit produced. P56-61 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-re- lated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P54 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P54Environmental, social and governance indicators Page B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P37 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from oc- cupational hazardsP44-46 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P44 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P41 B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to preventing child and forced labour. P36 EnvironmentalSocial 76 77 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY FEEDBACK FORM Dear readers, Greetings to you! Which type of stakeholder do you belong to for Feihe? P67 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P66-68 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P68 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and moni- tored. P66-67 B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to health and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P25 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P25 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. P29 B7 Anti-corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P18 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P19 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into con- sideration the communities' interests. P71-75 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. P71-75 Social 79 FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 78 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEEDBACK FORM Sustainability Report China Mengniu Dairy Company LimitedStock Code 2319 GREEN Q BRC GS A Reporting Period This report covers the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, with some content and data going back to previous years as appropriate. Organizational Coverage Unless otherwise specified, the disclosure scope of this report is consistent with the scope of the 2022 annual report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited, including its affiliated branches, subsidiaries and affiliates. Publication China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2022) is the eleventh non-financial report issued by the Company. References This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). This report responds to and adheres to following Reporting Principles. Materiality The report has identified key stakeholders and their ESG topics in the preparation process and making targeted disclosures in this report according to the relative importance of their concerns. Quantitative This report adopts quantitative information to disclose the key performance indicators ( KPI ) in the environmental and social aspects. The measurement standards, methods, hypothesis and or calculation tools, and the source of conversion coefficient used for the KPIs are explained in their respective paragraphs. Consistency The data disclosed in this report follows the same statistical method as previous years, and explanations have been made for individual changes to ensure the principle of consistency. Abbreviations For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited is also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, the Company and We in this report. Data Sources All information and data quoted in this report are from official documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Company. The material in this report has been provided by Mengniu employees and partners, and is only used for the disclosure of Mengniu's sustainability management progress, not for commercial purposes. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail. comAbout This Report 84 91 96Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation Appendix 117 121 126 129Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems Message from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Pro le Corporate Culture Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2022 ESG Performance Highlights06 08 10 11 12 14Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity34 48 51Responsibility- Common Prosperity Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle56 71 78Environment- Carbon Net-Zero 102 110 115Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 22 28 29ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsGovernance- Sustainability mL A r l a Contents 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyStatement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Message from the CEO Message from the CEO Upholding GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and Co-creating a Resilient Future of the Dairy Industry Jeffrey, Minfang Lu CEO and Executive Director 7 6The year 2022 is a year full of challenges and courage to move forward. The overlapping of various global uncertainties has posed a serious challenge to the sustainable development of mankind. Mengniu, as the national team of China's dairy industry, endeavors to promote the Creating a New Mengniu strategy to drive the high-quality development of the whole industry chain, boost the revitalization of the dairy industry and meet people's aspiration for a better life. In the past year, Mengniu fully addressed its born to excel spirit in business development, demonstrated strong resilience in business development with constant growth of its core business performance and successfully became one of the top seven in the global dairy industry. This not only validates the correctness of the Mengniu strategy and the team's strong execution, but also strengthens the Company's determination to drive sustainable development together with industry partners. Through the efforts of recent years, Mengniu has gradually established an ESG management system, clarified the ESG strategic path, continuously improved ESG key issues, and formed a cross-organizational and departmental force for sustainable development. We have achieved outstanding results and been recognized by domestic and international authorities for several times. In 2022, Mengniu MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to A level. In addition, Mengniu was included as the constituent of Hang Seng Sustainability Corporate Index, ranked first in the SASAC Central Enterprise ESG Pioneer 50 Index. This year, Mengniu continued to improve the GREEN Sustainable D evelopment Strategy System, optimized the collaborative network for sustainable development, clarified phased strategic goals, and further promoted the implementation of GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy issues. We also transmitted the concept and methods of ESG governance and corporate social and environmental responsibility to the our value chain partners. Meanwhile, Mengniu insisted on innovative practices, built a number of zero-carbon emission factories, zero waste to landfill management factories, and carried out innovative sustainable projects to continuously lead the industry, such as green packaging, biodiversity protection, responsible supply chain management, and green marketing. Mengniu commits to implementing the goal to achieve carbon neutrality in the value chain by 2050 and elevates forest protection to a critical action, unswervingly upholds the green and sustainable development path with ecology as priority. From the perspective of the dairy industry, we perceive two fundamental sustainability issues. On the one hand, the livestock industry, as one of the main sources of agricultural carbon emissions, accounts for 15 of the global total carbon emissions, but so far, there is no particularly effective carbon reduction program. On the other hand, the global food security crisis has yet to be completely resolved, and the nutritional needs of developing countries are still rising. Dairy products continue to be responsible for meeting human nutritional needs. In the future, adhering to the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy with five pillars of Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net-Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable and Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive as directions, Mengniu will take technological innovation and consumer advocacy as driving force to become a more sustainable enterprise, and collaborate with the industrial chain ecosystem to protect the common health of mankind and the planet. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableStatement of the Board Statement of the Board overall strategy. This year, in response to important ESG topics such as low-carbon development and responsible procurement, the Company established an cross-function task force to regularly report progress to the Sustainable Development Committee. The Sustainable Development Committee periodically monitors and reviews the achievement of relevant ESG goals in the GREEN strategy. Mengniu attaches great importance to the potential significant impacts that ESG risks and opportunities may have on the Company, continuously evaluates the possibility and extent of such risks and opportunities, and develops plans and measures to mitigate ESG risks associated with the business operations. The Board of Directors participates in the evaluation of ESG risks and opportunities, and oversees the effective operation of the Company's ESG risk management and internal control systems. This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of Mengniu's ESG work in 2022, which has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on March 29, 2023. Mengniu recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues for the long-term and stable operation of the Company, highly values sustainable development management, and has established an effective ESG governance mechanism. The Sustainable Development Committee participates in the evaluation of the identification results of important ESG topics, regularly reviews the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy of Mengniu, and guides the undertaking of the GREEN strategy and the Company's 9 8 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableCorporate Culture Corporate Profile VisionMission Core ValuesThe Mengniu Spirit Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Our integrity and honesty support our continued success From the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the worldBorn to excel, constantly strive for self-improvementEvery drop of nutrition makes every life thrive A r l a mL Corporate Profile China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (Stock Code 2319) is a leading dairy company, ranking among the top seven dairy companies in the world. In 2022, the Company's revenue reached RMB 92, 593 million. Mengniu also actively deploys high-quality milk sources overseas, owning raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic infant food seller Bellamy's in Australia. The Company continuously improves its quality management system of the entire industry chain from pasture to milk cup, covering breeding, production, processing, logistics and other links with digital and intelligent means, with full closure monitoring of production and dynamic inspection of the whole process, to ensure that every product is of excellent quality and superior quality. Mengniu's first-class quality and brand value are widely recognized at home and abroad. Mengniu aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has gradually improved its GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, focusing on five directions Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net- Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, and Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, to comprehensively promote GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, to boost the revitalization of the dairy industry, to assist rural revitalization and realize common prosperity through revitalization of the dairy industry. Mengniu releases industry-leading dual-carbon strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality in the whole industry chain by 2050, actively helps the country achieve its dual-carbon goals, and promotes the sustainable development transformation of the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a digitalized Mengniu. Corporate Culture 11 10 12 13 2022 Performance HighlightsMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 3. 2g 3. 2g 3. 2g 3. 2g A r l a mL Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu has always taken Promise a Healthier World as its vision, and taken More Nutritious Products, A Better Life, A More Sustainable Planet as our sustainability mission. In 2022, in order to better promote the implementation of the strategy, the secretariat of the Sustainability Development Executive Committee worked closely with various departments to refine each of the 28 strategic actions, clarify the main responsible departments and cooperating departments, as well as the overall objectives, annual objectives and key initiatives of each action in the next three years, so as to ensure the implementation of the GREEN strategy. Governance- Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics With the strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability, Mengniu aims to enhance the Company's risk management and control capabilities, improve corporate business practices, enhance corporate governance capabilities, and implement effective sustainable development management. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity With the strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity, Mengniu focuses on enhancing the social value, promoting the healthy life of human beings, caring for the people in underdeveloped areas and undeserved groups in society, and joining hands with employees to achieve common prosperity. Environment- Carbon Net- Zero Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle With the strategic pillar of Environment-Carbon Net- Zero, Mengniu focuses on improving Mengniu's environmental performance, devoting itself to responsible production and rational use of resources, realizing low-carbon production and dealing with climate change issues. Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation With the strategic pillar of Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, Mengniu focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, driving upstream and downstream partners in the industry chain to jointly build a green industry chain, carrying out responsible procurement, promoting the development of green agriculture and protecting biodiversity prosperity. Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services With the strategic pillar of Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, Mengniu is committed to meeting the diverse consumer needs and continuously improving the nutritional and health attributes, product quality and food safety of its products. Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable2022 Performance Highlights 2022 Performance Highlights Honors MSCI ESG rating was upgraded from BBB to A, ranking first in China's food industry. As the only enterprise led by a production company, we won the third prize of the first Science and Technology Award for Conformity Assessment of China Certification & Accreditation Association. Mengniu's biodiversity case was selected in the Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties (COP15) of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD). The Mengniu rural revitalization case won the Xinhua Credit Jinlan Cup ESG Outstanding Contribution Case. Mengniu joined the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (Sedex) platform, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by reference to international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. Mengniu joined the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and actively participated in promoting key issues in the consumer goods industry such as food safety, social and environmental sustainability, health, and end-to-end value chain, contributing Chinese wisdom to the sustainable development of the consumer goods industry. Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net-Zero (P2DNZ) global climate initiative jointly launched by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Dairy Federation (IDF) and the Global Dairy Platform (GDP). Mengniu is committed to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the dairy industry, and systematically building a low-carbon dairy industry worldwide. employees completed the compliance management system confirmation and compliance duty performance commitment. Mengniu formulated and issued the Guidelines for Corporate Governance Compliance. employees signed the Integrity Commitment Letter. Responsibility- Common Prosperity The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above). The employee training coverage rate has reached 91. 45, with a total training time of 4, 021, 519. 84 hours. Launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, and the employee care work was upgraded comprehensively. The occupational skills certification work covered 25 bases nationwide, with a coverage rate of 83, and 3, 000 professional talent certification plans were completed, which can effectively improve the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. Annual charitable donation expenditure reached RMB 106 million. Annual employee volunteer activities reached 20, 000 hours, and the times of volunteers participation reached 10, 000. Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award Donor Company Award. factories were awarded the honorary title of Healthy Enterprise at the provincial and municipal levels; 13 employees were awarded the honorary title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. Governance- Sustainability Environment- Carbon Net- Zero Mengniu's Qujing Factory was certified by Germany's T V Rheinland and China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange, becoming the first internationally and domestically dual certified zero-carbon emission factory in the dairy industry. Yashili Reeborne Jingzhi of Mengniu infant formula milk powder 700g and 750g obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. Mengniu promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification coverage, and achieved 100 certification of Mengniu's own factories. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted a total of 57 replacements of coal-fired boilers, adopted 71 water conservation measures, used 30 clean energy sources, achieving a carbon reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has installed more than 14. 6MW of solar photovoltaic capacity, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 8. 96. plants obtained GB T24001-2016 ISO14001 2015 Environmental Management System Certification. The Company invested more than 200 million in ecological and environmental protection, completed 21 key environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. Mengniu's unit product freshwater consumption decreased by 1. 54 year-on-year in 2021, with an annual water saving of 859, 745 tonnes (including social water saving of 421, 557 tonnes). The Company's water reuse volume was about 2. 257 million tonnes, with a reuse rate of 7. 5. 5 factories were newly awarded with the title of provincial water conservation enterprise and 1 factory was newly awarded with the title of municipal water conservation benchmark enterprise. By the end of 2022, 27 factories have been certified as National- level Green Factory. Mengniu Qingyuan, Shangzhi factories obtained the Zero-Waste Factory certification issue by T V Rheinland, becoming the first company in the dairy industry domestically to obtain waste zero to landfill management. Mengniu is committed to achieving 100 technically friendly packaging materials by 2025, and strives to be the first in the industry to achieve low-carbon packaging across all product lines. The internal audit covered 100 of the suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials. All the strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials completed self- assessment questionnaires. Among them, 21 strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials completed the third-party audit of SMETA. The coverage rate of supplier training reached 100. In 2022, 82 of Mengniu's raw paper for product inner packaging is FSC forest certified, and 100 of paper for product outer packaging cartons is made from recycled paper. All palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. The Shanghe Farm from China Modern Dairy of Mengniu was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Products certification for its many management practices in the field of animal welfare. Nine pastures of its subsidiary China Shengmu were awarded the title of S-level dairy farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation, and five were awarded China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. A total of 18 cooperative farms were awarded the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction of Veterinary Antibiotics. Mengniu's biodiversity reservation case was selected in the Corporate Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15). laboratories of Mengniu were granted CNAS accreditation certificates, with the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards. Mengniu actively responds to the concerns of stakeholders and effectively protects the rights and interests of shareholders. Under the Governance-Sustainability pillar of the GREEN strategy, Mengniu has set three topics of ESG governance, risk management and business ethics, to continuously improve board governance effectiveness, optimize ESG performance assessment methods, consolidate the Group risk management system, enhance the business ethics management standards, and actively create a good internal and external governance environment. SDGs We Focused in this Section Risk Management Business Ethics ESG GovernanceHighlights in 2022 ESG Governance Established clear 2025 targets and specific initiatives for 15 issues under the framework of the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy. Risk Management Carried out internal risk management empowerment training, and simultaneously conducted risk control management empowerment training for holding companies to establish an effective safeguard mechanism. Incorporated compliance clauses into contract templates, which led to the consensus of business partners to jointly sign the Compliance Commitment Letter. Business Ethics More than 20, 000 employees completed the compliance management system confirmation and compliance duty performance commitment. employees signed the Integrity Commitment Letter. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableGovernance- Sustainability ESG Governance Mengniu strictly adheres to the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and continuously optimizes the Company's governance structure in combination with the Company's development situation, in order to improve the level of governance and optimize corporate operations, and protect the interests of all shareholders. The Board consists of nine directors, responsible for formulating and implementing the Group's strategy, supervising and monitoring the development of the Company's business. The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Development Committee, to review professional matters and ensure the rational allocation of internal resources and the efficient operation of the Company. Board Diversity Mengniu believes that board diversity helps enhance its effectiveness, promote the long-term development of the Company and effectively safeguard the rights and interests of shareholders. The Board of Directors consists of 3 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors, and 3 independent non-executive directors. Independent non-executive directors account for one-third of the total number of the Board of Directors of the Company and do not directly participate in the management of the Company, which effectively reduces the risk of conflict of interest and gives full play to the role of checks and balances. The Board includes 1 female director. The Board of Directors has professional capabilities in marketing, human resources, finance, investment, legal affairs, responsible economics and sustainable development, and has rich industry experience to provide professional advice for corporate development as well as ensure the efficient operation of the Board. Sustainable Development Governance System Mengniu has gradually improved its three-level governance system for sustainable development with the Board of Directors as the highest decision-making level, and has set up the Sustainable Development Committee, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee and its Secretariat and the Sustainable Development Promotion Office, which are responsible for decision-making, supervision and promotion, coordination and implementation of the Company's ESG strategy respectively, ensuring that the ESG strategy is effectively promoted and the Company's ESG performance is gradually improved. Governance As of the date of this report, Mengniu has set up the Sustainable Development Committee at the level of the Board, chaired by Non-executive Director Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens, with other members including three executive directors, namely Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jeffery Minfang Lu, Vice President Ms. Yan Wang, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Ping Zhang, and independent non-executive director Mr. Hengjian Li. The Sustainable Development Committee is responsible for the Group's ESG strategy, objectives and risk assessment, and reviewing ESG-related disclosures. Management Mengniu Sustainable Development Committee has established the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, composed of senior executives of the Company, which is responsible for promoting the Group's sustainable development management and strategy, supervising the progress of the strategy implementation, examining the annual work plan, and reviewing ESG related disclosures. The Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, as a coordinating department, is responsible for coordinating the planning, promotion and implementation of ESG work. Execution This year, Mengniu established the Sustainable Development Promotion Office, covering 24 first-level departments of the Group, and formally appointed 24 sustainability officers and 24 sustainable development liaison officers. In response to the ESG key topics of the Company, the Group formed a cross-departmental special working group to promote effective improvement of the topics. The Sustainable Development Promotion Office discussed and formulated the annual sustainable development goals and plans with all departments of the Company, maintained communication with internal and external stakeholders of the Company, and actively responded to inquiries from relevant parties. Board of Directors Sustainable Development CommitteeConsists of the highest decision-making level of the Company and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainable development strategies, objectives and risks Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeConsists of core executives and is responsible for sustainable development management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy execution Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeResponsible for coordinating ESG daily work and promoting the implementation of the Group's ESG strategy Working Groups on Key TopicsResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management of key topics and report the progress of the work every six months to the Sustainable Development Executive CommitteeSustainable Development Promotion O ceConsists of sustainability develop- ment o cers and liaison o cers of each department, undertakes the requirements of sustainable development work, formulates corresponding work and plans in the department, and implements corporate strategy 24 25 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu Sustainable Value Co-Creation In September 2022, the Company successfully held the 2022 Sustainable Value Co-Creation activity, with the active participation of sustainable development officers and liaison officers of all departments. Through various activities such as the combination of online and offline experiences, the combination of immersive experiences and enterprise visits, and top-level expert lectures, the Sustainable Value Co-Creation deepened participants' understanding of the Group's GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and built the consensus on sustainable development. By promptly responding to stakeholder inquiries through diverse communication channels, the Company has fully identified sustainability risks and opportunities and continually improved ESG strategies and practices. During the reporting period, Mengniu complied with relevant laws and regulations to issue regular reports, and disclosed its major dynamics in a compliant manner. In terms of investor communication, Mengniu strictly complies with the relevant laws and regulations of the securities market, and pays high attention to information disclosure and investor communication. In 2022, Mengniu actively communicated with the capital market in diverse forms such as emails, teleconferences and face-to-face meetings. Mengniu held over 200 investor meetings and sell-side analyst meetings throughout the year, and 38 ESG-themed meetings with ESG-themed investors and rating agencies, effectively delivering the high-quality development achievements, business strategy, ESG strategy and long-term value of Mengniu to the capital market. Mengniu Sustainable Development Conference Group Photo of Senior Executives Attended Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development S trategy Theme ScarfCombined with the business characteristics and sustainable development goals, the Company incorporated ESG KPI into the annual performance contract of the management, and formulated differentiated ESG assessment weightings based on the relevant responsibilities of senior management in various ESG matters to encourage management to promote the Company's sustainable development. At the beginning of 2023, Mengniu held the Sustainable Development Conference, where the Sustainable Development Executive Committee listened to the ESG work report for 2022 and the work plan for 2023, and made decisions on key sustainable development issues. At the meeting, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee granted annual recognition and awards to individuals and teams with outstanding performance in sustainable development work, and awarded GREEN strategy theme silk scarves. The silk scarf is made of recycled plastic bottles, with elements of Mengniu's GREEN culture to convey Mengniu's green and sustainable development concept. Governance- Sustainability 26 27 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableThe list of material issues is determined based on the Company's strategic priorities, industry charac- teristics, business priorities, relevant sustainability frameworks (including GRI), stock exchange requirements (including the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), rating agency focuses, domestic and foreign policies (sustainable development goals). Identi cation of Material TopicsThrough communication interviews, questionnaires and other forms, we can better understand the key concerns of stakeholders. PrioritizationThe Company's Sustainable Development Committee and experts review and select the material topics to be disclosed. ValidationMengniu 2022 ESG Materiality MatrixStakeholders Topics Communication and Response Channels Consumers Nutritious and healthy products High quality products Perfect customer service Smooth communication channels Diversified product selectionInformation disclosure and dissemination Transparent factory Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Shareholders and investors Business risk prevention Asset preservation and appreciation Responsible procurement Low-carbon development New markets and new opportunities Steady increase in return on investmentEnterprise annual report and announcement Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulatory agenciesCompliance operation Paying taxes in accordance with the law Business ethics Biodiversity conservation Contributing to local economic developmentRegulatory assessment Special meetings Employees Health and safety Diversity and inclusion Career development Wage and welfare security Work and life balanceManager's mailbox Congress of workers and staff Training exchange Suppliers Open, fair and just procurement Honesty and trustworthiness Information confidentialitySupplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training Distributor Mutual benefit and win-win Growing togetherDealer conference Dealer satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platform Community Helping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Anti-epidemic and disaster relief Overseas responsibilities Driving local economic developmentProviding employment opportunities Promoting the development of local related industries Improving local infrastructure development CharityMateriality Analysis The Company forms a material topic matrix through confirming the topics focused by stakeholders that have a significant impact on its own sustainable development, which helps the Company identify and manage topics related risks and opportunities, thus effectively responding to stakeholder expectations. In 2022, under the guidance of the Sustainable Development Committee, the Company conducted a materiality issue analysis according to the four steps of material topic identification, research interview, screening and evaluation, and audit confirmation, and ultimately chose 28 strategic topics that are most conducive to the Company's achievement of ESG objectives, and formed an ESG major topic matrix to carry out targeted management and actions based on the matrix information. Governance- Sustainability Importance to Stakeholders High LowLowHigh Importance to Mengniu s Sustainable DevelopmentRisk Governance Biodiversity Conservation CharityCustomer ServiceNutrition and Health Rural RevitalizationGreen Operation & ManagementESG GovernanceRecycling Business Ethics & Anti- CorruptionQuality Control Environment Society GovernanceGreenhouse Gas Management Talent DevelopmentWater and Wastewater Management Green Package Responsibility MarketingEmployee Benefits Diversity & Inclusion Nutrition InclusiveOccupational Health & Safety Forest ProtectionGreen Procurement of Raw MaterialsClimate Risk Identification Animal Welfare Waste Management Information ProtectionSupply Chain Responsibility ManagementRegenerative Agriculture Management 28 29 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableThe first line of defenseThe first line of defense is mainly composed of various business departments, responsible for the daily operation and management of the Company, as the risk responder and principal responsible party, independently identify the major risks in the business process, and design corresponding risk response plans. The third line of defenseThe third line of defense is composed of the internal audit and discipline inspection and supervision departments. The internal audit supervises and evaluates the Company's risk management and internal control systems and gives improvement suggestions; the discipline inspection and supervision department accepts multi-channel reports and promptly follows up the investigation of events. The second line of defenseThe second line of defense is composed of the internal control and risk management committee, risk management department and the Group's functional departments, which are mainly responsible for planning and supervising risk management work and improving the risk management system. In the process of identifying major risks, Mengniu insists on carrying out risk assessment in the way of business self-assessment identification, professional risk prediction, and overall evaluation by senior executives to ensure the objectivity, accuracy and focus of personnel at all levels in their judgment of major risks. In 2022, Mengniu adjusted the Group's major risk areas into seven major aspects strategic risk, financial risk, market risk, supply chain risk, legal and compliance risk, quality and food safety risk, and sustainable development risk. We strengthened internal control by implementing the main responsibility, formulating response target strategies, improving the risk warning mechanism, and carrying out annual response effect evaluation, and conducting the entire process prevention and control through three phases, which are the pre-prevention, in-event control and post-emergency response. The Risk Management Committee regularly reviews the effectiveness of risk assessment and response, resolves problems in implementation, and ensures the implementation of response measures. The Company sorted out key business areas and key management modules from the three perspectives that are strategy, operation and support, combined with the principle of key control important risks effective coverage, coordinated planning of key work, and carried out audit supervision. China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, based on the Mengniu risk management mechanism, integrated the needs of management and took focusing on major risk management as the goal, established the risk management framework, clarified the responsibilities at each level, identified major risk points, set up risk management and response mechanisms, and gradually enhanced risk management awareness and ability. The Risk Management Department is a daily operational agency specially established by the Risk Management Committee, which regularly reports to the Board on the control of important risks and the effectiveness of the operation of the risk management system, and accepts the work review and supervision of the Audit Committee. Business Ethics Mengniu strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, continually improves and optimizes its internal compliance management system, including the Code of Integrity and Compliance, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, the Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations, and the Disciplinary Inspection and Punishment Work Regulations, and signs the 'Belt and Road' Corporate Integrity Initiative. In 2022, the Company comprehensively upgraded and issued the Integrity and Compliance Manual (international edition) and formulated the Corporate Governance Compliance Manual, Environmental Protection Compliance Manual, the Regulations on Compliance Management of Personal Information Protection, the Handbook of Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection and the Annex Guidelines for Compliance Operation of Personal Information Protection of App Mini Programs, etc., to provide more complete behavior norms and guidelines for compliance control. In 2022, the Company formulated and issued the Rules of Procedure for the Compliance Management Committee, which promoted the Compliance Management Committee to perform its duties in accordance with the law, improved the efficient operation and scientific decision-making level of the Compliance Management Committee, and further improved Mengniu's compliance management organization system by clarifying the scope, procedure, decision-making mechanism and resolution implementation of the Compliance Management Committee, and promoted Mengniu's sustainable and high-quality development. In 2022, the Company formulated and issued the Measures for the Management of Compliance Commissioners, which formed a comprehensive and strong linkage compliance management organization system. In 2022, the Company upgraded its risk response, risk monitoring, and response evaluation management methods, and times of people participation of online training reached 30, 000; 7 excellent risk management practice cases were evaluated and selected, the experience and practices were summarized, and they were promoted and applied through the Voice of Mengniu platform. In terms of risk management, Mengniu strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations related to the Company's business such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, and forms a legal and regulatory library for major compliance risks, and updates it in accordance with changes in laws and regulations. implementation rules for risk management significant risk areasphases on risk prevention and control Risk identification, risk assessment, risk response, risk monitoring, risk response evaluation and risk management report. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Appendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableConducted integrity audits on 2, 310 newly promoted and evaluated employees2, 310 Issued pre-appointment integrity reminders to 1, 148 newly recruited (promoted) employees1, 148 Signed 33, 131 integrity commit- ment letters in total33, 131 Reporting and Compliant Management This year, the Company further improved the reporting and handling mechanism, combined with the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, and optimized the reporting management process. The discipline inspection departments of the Group, the divisions and the Sharing and Holding Companies shall assign special personnel to handle letters and visits, which shall be handled at different levels according to the management authority; the non-discipline inspection departments and personnel shall deliver the letters and visits to the discipline inspection department of the Group for unified handling. In addition to the complaint and reporting channels of the Company's official website, WeChat official account, the Anti-C orruption Agreement, typical case announcement, node notice, integrity reminder, and integrity training materials, new reporting methods such as customer email, nailing work group, customer service platform and publicity materials have been added. Anti-Corruption Management The Company attaches great importance to compliance in business operations, and strengthens and improves anti-bribery compliance management in the process of business operations. The Company pursues a zero tolerance attitude towards any commercial bribery and does not provide any form of support for commercial bribery. The Company attaches great importance to the construction of anti- corruption system, and sets up a team system of full-time and part-time regulatory personnel, as well as a joint supervision system of discipline inspection and audit departments, and implements the principle of audit first, discipline inspection follow-up. The Company focuses on anti-commercial compliance as a key compliance area, actively conducts comprehensive compliance risk assessment work. Through effective compliance risk identification and prevention, the Company ensures the continuous and steady development of all business activities. In 2022, the Company assessed all business corruption risks, conducted 28 special supervisions on corruption-prone and easily- prone processes such as bidding, purchasing, R&D, marketing and sales, and raw milk acquisition, proposed 10 rectification suggestions, and improved 21 systems. For the identified issues, the Company took action according to the Supervision Program of Major Asset Loss, Major Operating Loss, Major Litigation and Corruption Cases of Mengniu Group. In 2022, the Company issued a total of 26 case bulletins internally. In terms of anti-commercial bribery compliance training, the Company focused on more than 600 key personnels in the field of anti-commercial bribery compliance management, and conducted special compliance points empowerment training. In 2022, the Company conducted integrity audits on 2, 310 newly promoted and evaluated employees, and issued pre-appointment integrity reminders to 1, 148 newly recruited (promoted) employees, with a total of 33, 131 integrity commitment letters signed. In terms of partner management, while continuing to promote the signing of the Anti-C orruption Agreement with our partners, the Company has formulated the Implementation Measures for the Anti-C orruption Agreement according to the typical corruption cases investigated in the past, and refined and clarified the types and applicable situations of sanctions imposed on partners for violations. cn Mailing address Disciplinary Committee Office, Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Horinger, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, postal code 011517 Whistleblower Protection Mechanism Mengniu makes every effort to provide protection and legal assistance to whistleblowers. Mengniu stipulates that no department or individual of the Company shall obstruct or suppress the whistleblower's report or suppress the reporting materials under any pretext, in order to ensure the smoothness of the reporting channel and the safety of the whistleblower. Mengniu keeps the whistleblower's name, work unit, home address, telephone, mailbox and other personal information and the contents of the report strictly confidential, and includes the relevant materials of the report in the confidential documents for management. Mengniu encourages real-name reporting, but when receiving a report from the whistleblower or verifying the situation with the whistleblower, Mengniu will never publicly disclose the identity of the whistleblower and strictly protect the personal safety of the whistleblower. Mengniu disseminates compliance knowledge through various channels such as WeChat official accounts, DingTalk announcements, desktops, and road flags. A total of 32, 970 people have completed the signing of the special compliance commitment. In 2022, Mengniu launched 22 online and offline compliance training sessions targeting all employees, managers, senior management, and new employees, covering key areas of risk management such as integrity, anti-monopoly, anti-commercial bribery, senior management duties, personal information protection, business partner compliance, and insider information compliance, with a cumulative learning volume of 550, 000 times of people participation. Among them, Business Partner Compliance, Personal Information Protection Compliance, Integrity Compliance Manual and other entire personnel training courses have ranked first in the monthly most popular courses of Mengniu Learning Platform for many times. Mengniu constantly strengthened the culture of integrity to create a clean and fair working atmosphere. In 2022, the Company conducted 20 sessions of integrity education for middle and senior key personnel management personnel, covering 1, 177 times of people participation; For grassroots employees, the Company provided warning and education at every meeting and conducted 120 sessions of integrity warning and education through pre-shift meetings, work meetings and internal propaganda, covering more than 43, 000 people, with a 100 coverage rate; In addition, the Company carried out integrity education for 9, 050 family members of management personnel and 4, 388 partners, which effectively strengthened the integrity awareness of family members of management personnel and partners, and reduced the number of violations of rules and regulations in this year. Integrity education for key middle and senior positions20 sessions times of people participation 1, 177 Integrity education for junior level employeescoverage120 sessions 100 Number of family members of management personnel participated in integrity education Number of partners participated in integrity education9, 050 family members partners 4, 388Governance- Sustainability 3. 2g Highlights in 2022 Employee Well-Being Employed 47, 329 employees, including 27, 861 male employees and 19, 468 female employees. The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above). The employee training coverage rate reaches 91. 45, with a total training duration of 4, 021, 519. 84 hours. The average monthly activity rate of the Worth-It online learning platform was 78 throughout the year (Average monthly activity rate of 75 in 2021), leading the entire industry, and 45 class hours per person per year. Launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, and the employee care work was upgraded comprehensively. The occupational skills certification work covered 25 bases nationwide, with a coverage rate of 83, and more than 3, 000 professional talent certification plans were completed, which can effectively improve the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. factories were certified with the Occupational Health and Safety Management System GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018. 7 factories passed the first-level on-site assessment of safety production standardization, and 2 factories were awarded as national safety culture construction demonstration enterprises. Awarded the title of Excellent Organizational Unit in the first Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Enterprise Team Safety Construction Demonstration Activity, and 3 grassroots teams were honored as Excellent Team for Safety Construction at the provincial level. factories were awarded the honorary title of Healthy Enterprise at the provincial and municipal levels; 13 employees were awarded the honorary title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. Rural Revitalization Led the planting of more than 6 million mu and 12 million tonnes of high-quality forage grass nationwide, drove the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows, and directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million herdsmen nationwide to increase their income. Charity Annual charitable donation expenditure reached RMB106 million. Annual employee volunteer activities reached 20, 000 hours, and the volunteer participation reached 10, 000 person-time. Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award Donor Company Award. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Mengniu fully makes use of industry advantages, actively undertakes the national rural revitalization and common prosperity strategy, devotes itself to public welfare undertakings, and is committed to creating an industry-leading employer brand. Under the pillar of the GREEN strategy Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Mengniu strives to improve employees' happiness, helps promote the balanced development of urban and rural areas, benefits the vulnerable groups, and fully implements corporate social responsibility by setting up three topics of employee well-being, rural revitalization and charity. Employee Well-B eing Rural Revitalization Charity SDGs We Focused in this Section 34 35 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableResponsibility- Common Prosperity Adhering to the development strategy of people-oriented, Mengniu is committed to creating an equal and inclusive workplace environment, protecting the rights and interests of employees, perfecting the compensation and benefits system, establishing a broad talent development platform, providing a healthy and comfortable working environment, and continuously enhancing the happiness and sense of the belonging of employees. Mengniu also cooperates with industry partners to empower innovative talent development and make contributions to the sustainable development of dairy talents. Through the establishment of a series of measures, such as the Recruitment Management Measures, the Labor Contract Managemet Measures, the Remuneration Management Measures, the Welfare Management Measures, the Management Manual on Performance System, the Incentive Management Program, the Employee Reward and Punishment System, the Leave and Working Hour Management System and the 2022 Rank Promotion Plan, Mengniu improves the standardized management level of recruitment, promotion, salary, welfare, working hours and other processes of employment, and explicitly prohibited the recruitment of child labor and the use of forced labor. Mengniu believes that creating an equal, inclusive, diverse, and anti-discriminatory workplace environment can help the Company attract talents, and can promote innovation and advancement from a richer perspective. In 2022, Mengniu revised and released the new version of the the Employee Code of Conduct and launched the the Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace to avoid discrimination or differential treatment due to ethnic, religious, gender, age, nationality, heredity, disability or other forms in the recruitment, onboarding promotion and resignation of employees, and to protect the equal rights of employees with consistent processes and standards. Mengniu's global workplaces all practice the Group's value of diversity and inclusion, promote mutual understanding among employees of different nationalities and cultural backgrounds, and build cross-cultural communication bridges. Mengniu's Indonesian plant fully respects the cultural beliefs of local employees, sets up a prayer room in the plant and gives employees Ramadan subsidies. Talent Development Mengniu has established an all-round talent training system, formulated career development plans for employees, established clear career development paths, and continuously created and optimized a management system covering the entire life cycle of talent development. Mengniu places a high value on the training of professional talents, exports technical talents to the whole industry by creating a variety of learning platforms and strengthens the talent reserve of the industry. On the one hand, Mengniu trains and introduces world-class dairy talents for China, and on the other hand, Mengniu extends the successful experience and development model of China's dairy industry to other countries and regions. In addition, Mengniu Global Dairy Training Center completed the professional skills certification plan for more than 3, 000 people, effectively improving the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. By the end of 2022, the Mengniu Dairy Professional Skills Level Certification work has covered 25 bases nationwide. Since its establishment, the Research Institute has worked with universities, scientific research experts, and innovative enterprises to explore the fields of talent development, health technology, and sustainable development. Employee Training In 2022, Mengniu Group continued to practice the strategic goal of creating a new Mengniu. In order to ensure the efficient implementation of the Group's strategy and consolidate Mengniu's 6 1 organizational capability, Mengniu continued to carry out organizational capacity building in the fields of digital intelligence, investment and mergers and acquisitions, upgrade the rank system, broaden the career development channels of employees, iterate professional qualification standards, constantly build professional capabilities, and strengthen the attraction and retention of professional and operational talents. In order to help Mengniu build its talent advantage, Mengniu has established a talent development system and accelerated the construction of six future-oriented talent teams. Cultivation of Leading Management Talents Mengniu has created two sets of project systems, succession and competence, for the management group. For example, the Blue Sea project adopted a 721 full-cycle training, with strict entry and strict exit, to train nearly 400 core management reserve talents, output key position reserves and continuously improve the thickness of the succession ladder. Cultivation of Scarce High-End Talents In addition to continuously cultivating talents internally, Mengniu also focuses on the introducing and reserving talents required for the layout of new business tracks. Mengniu also introduced more than 140 strategic scarce talents from around the world to participate in the most pressing issues in the Company's strategy, products, and management, lead the industry to build brand, create a digital technology system, and inspire diverse business innovation vitality, providing sufficient high-end talent reserves with an international perspective for the sustained development of the Group's traditional dairy business and innovative business. Cultivation of Breakthrough Entrepreneurial Talents Mengniu provides entrepreneurial talents with a platform for capacity building, such as the Entrepreneurial Talent Training Camp, and Project Incubation, and also establishes a sound system to help the growth of entrepreneurial talents. Focusing on the dimensions of thinking mode, behavior mode, single-point breakthrough, combination innovation and agile iteration, Mengniu has empowered more than 100 innovative and entrepreneurial talents. In the 2022 Innovation Competition, Mengniu signed up for 1, 866 projects, 43 projects were selected from three tracks, 27 projects were incubated through professional empowerment and one-to-one counseling, and after 10 months of validation and incubation, 21 courses were learned online and polished by offline workshops, generating the annual TOP10 innovation projects. Cultivation of Top-notch Young Talents With innovation leadership as the core, based on certain indicators and standards of young talents, Mengniu has selected and cultivated more than 800 outstanding young talents as the key strategic talent reserves, and added the Star Plus Plan and Graduate Program to comprehensively absorb high-potential outstanding graduates and enable them to become the backbone and strategic reserve talents of Mengniu quickly. Cultivation of Strategic and International Talents Mengniu has conducted international talent training for more than 500 overseas employees to accelerate the language upgrading and cultural integration of international talents. Employee Well-B eing 36 37 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In 2022, Mengniu optimized the talent training system in an all-rounded way, focusing on the training of the above six types of talents, so that every employee can receive systematic and targeted training. At the same time, Mengniu continued to promote the training of new employees, helping them fit into the company quickly. The online learning map covered 100 of new employees. Mengniu strengthened the construction of internal trainer team, enabling core managers and lecturers to support key talent training projects. Mengniu deepened the construction of core general capabilities in the workplace and achieved 100 coverage in multiple forms such as online and offline open classes, unbounded training camps and featured live broadcasting projects. Through the map of professional qualifications and experience, Mengniu has defined the knowledge, ability and key experience required for each professional position, providing clear career development goals and guidance for talents. With the help of scientific and comprehensive talent evaluation methods and talent review, Mengniu guides employees to identify personal shortcomings, identify gaps, focus on development needs, and formulate individual development plans (IDPs) for employees. At the same time, Mengniu helps employees plan their personal career development path from three aspects, including practical experience, mentoring and training. In 2022, Mengniu optimized its promotion mechanism by strengthening the employment orientation of promoting the capable, encouraging the excellent, demoting the mediocre and eliminating the unqualified, standardizing the promotion review process, and specifying the review dimensions and details to create a fair, transparent and professional promotion atmosphere, promote the orderly flow of talents, strengthen the construction of talent team and accelerate the cultivation of compound talents. Throughout the year, Mengniu carried out 19 key talent training programs and provided 232 online courses, covering more than 7, 000 technical, quality and safety and environmental personnel. Worth-It Online Learning Platform Mengniu's Worth-It online learning platform strongly supports the construction of Mengniu's strategic talent pool with the best talent development strategy, the most advanced training concept and the most flexible learning mode, through digitalization layout from the aspects of value delivery, operation mode, organizational mechanism and personnel training. In 2022, the annual average monthly active rate of the Worth-It online learning platform was 78 (the monthly active rate in 2021 was 75 ), and the average learning time reached 45 class hours per person per year. In 2022, the Worth-It platform conducted 66 training sessions during the COVID-19 epidemic by virtual classrooms, solving the pain point of inability to conduct on-site training. Talent Incentive The Company is committed to establishing a sound compensation management system and a variety of incentive mechanisms. Mengniu adheres to the principle of value-oriented salary management, builds a salary and welfare system, and provides competitive salary level for employees. The incentive mechanism takes performance as the important guide. Through the combination of different modes, such as current incentive, long-term incentive, innovation incentive and spiritual incentive, it encourages employees to continuously improve themselves. At the same time, we offer more opportunities for career advancement to the participants of our management trainee program, also known as future star, and establish a promotion strategy for them to encourage their growth. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Youth Care Exclusive CareHappiness 365 Employee Care Work System In 2022, Mengniu upgraded and launched the Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System, focusing on three groups, implementing six major plans, and carrying out five activities to meet the needs of different employee groups. All female employees can fully feel the Company's care and blessings during the festival by pushing great women stories, receiving wishes sent by core executives, empowering women's health, presenting books and various caring activities carried out by grass- roots labor unions. By adopting the Services find people concept, the Company proactively provides consultation services for employees with needs, creating a 360 degree new experience in the workplace. The Company provides warm- hearted services and diverse guidance for employees at key process nodes such as job application, onboarding, job transfer, resignation and retirement, comprehensively enhancing employees' sense of belonging. Key Moments Key Processes Key Needs The Company sends timely wishes, services, and welfare care for employees at key moments such as employment, promotion, birthday, seniority, marriage, and childbirth, providing love and warmth for every moment. Mengniu held the 3rd Youth Culture Festival, through a series of activities such as senior executives' youth message, Young Marx Project training class, and Vigorous Youth cultural festival. Mengniu held the 4th Season Happiness Party, with the participation of nearly 600 young employees, effectively building a good communication channel among young employees. For areas with serious epidemic situation, Mengniu purchased all kinds of living and epidemic prevention materials for employees, conducted live classes on psychological health, and guided employees to cope with the epidemic in a healthy attitude, with a total investment of more than RMB 7 million. In addition, Mengniu helped 79 seriously ill employees and their families, with a fund of RMB 1. 525 million. GroupsEmployee Benefits In the view of Mengniu, people is the core force driving the company's development. Mengniu has always adhered to the employer value proposition of Come together! This enables individuals to achieve self-fulfillment, improves organizational effectiveness and gains overall employer recognition. At the same time, Mengniu places great importance on the interests and happiness of its employees and their families, continuously providing humanistic care and creating a strong corporate culture of caring for employees. The system provides warm and guaranteed services at key moments and processes, meeting employees' critical needs. On the basis of providing competitive, life-cycle services, Mengniu has established the SHINE one-stop welfare platform, which introduces and provides a full-scenario welfare experience, explores employees' needs, simplifies the process of enjoying welfare benefits through digital means, promoting the development of talent, assisting in achieving the strategic goals, and comprehensively enhancing employee happiness. The platform contains four main sections Employee Benefits Provides 9 types of holiday welfare benefits to enhance the sense of ceremony and happiness for each employee and their family members. Employee Leaves Encourages work-life balance with 14 types of holidays and vacations. Employee Relief Provides optional medical examinations and commercial insurance packages for employees and their families to ensure that every employee can work in good health and peace of mind. Mengniu delivered 114, 248 cartons of milk to the parents of employees aged 60 and above during the Spring Festival, May Day, Mid-Autumn Festival and Double Ninth Festival, with a care fund of RMB 5. 10 million, and carried out various festival activities to encourage employees to express their love and accompany to their parents. Mengniu provided annual physical examination for employees; Mengniu launched Mengniu Employee Health Plan, which comprehensively guided employees to eat, live and work healthily in the form of pictures, texts and videos, and jointly launched light food and reduced-fat meal in more than 30 factories across the country to improve the sub-health status of the workplace in multiple dimensions. At the same time, Mengniu actively carried out vigorous office activities to encourage employees to do exercises after work and continuously improve their fitness awareness. Female Employee CareResponsibility- Common Prosperity 40 41 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable5 Activities Mengniu carried out Spring Festival caring activities for more than 40, 000 employees, with a fund of more than RMB 5. 60 million in total, so that all employees could really feel the Company's care. With the theme of Happy Mengniu Mid-Autumn Benefit, Mengniu carried out a series of care activities within the group, with a fund of more than RMB 4. 20 million in total. Spring Festival Benefits Winter BenefitsMid-Autumn Benefits Wedding BenefitsSummer Benefits Talent Services The company creates a comfortable working environment for employees and continuously improves the talent service mechanism. In terms of talent service matters such as employees applying for Beijing work residence permits, settling in Beijing, and government talent selection, the company has clarified the standards and procedures, and formulated service methods of talent assistance in conjunction with Beijing talent policies. In 2022, the company assisted 48 employees in settling down in Beijing; at the same time, in order to solve the problems of cross provincial travel difficulties for employees stationed in Beijing and high urban rental costs, the company applied to the corresponding departments for talent rental housing projects according to relevant policies and has been approved. In 2022, the company helped 24 employees solve the rental problem, helping each employee to stay at ease. Employee Communication Mengniu hopes to establish harmonious employee relationship and effectively avoid and timely resolve the conflicts arising in the process of employment. Therefore, Mengniu has helped employees establish smooth communication channels to resolve disputes through collective negotiation, Workers' Representative Congress, and labor dispute coordination committees, etc. In addition, Mengniu regularly carries out activities such as employee representative inspection, employee thought survey, employee symposium, employee mailbox, employee hotline, and President and Secretary Reception Day to listen to the employees' voices, understand their difficulties, and sincerely solve the employees' urgent problems. The 7th Mengniu Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference Mengniu Collective Consultation Conference on Salary Mengniu Group trade union lawfully convened the 2022 Collective Consultation Conference on Salary, with the representatives of the enterprise side and the representatives of the employees side listening to the report of the performance of the 2021 special collective agreement on salary. The meeting explained and clarified the draft of the Mengniu Group 2022 Special Collective Agreement on Salary, discussed the salary and welfare related systems, further safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of both the enterprise and the employees, and played a positive role in building a harmonious and stable labor relationship. Trainings related to labor rights protection include the empowerment trainings of employees' right enforcement and protection. Democratic Management Mengniu strictly complies with the requirements of the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, follows the international recognized human rights policies as outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the internationally recognized human rights policies as outlined in the core conventions of the International Labor Organization, and formulates the Mengniu's Employee Code of Conduct, the Employee Handbook and other systems, actively carries out democratic management work, highlights the subject status of employees in the enterprise, and allows employees to become the protagonists of enterprise development. In accordance with the requirements of the Constitution of the Chinese Trade Unions, the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Provisions on the Work of Enterprise Trade Unions (for Trial Implementation), Mengniu continues to deepen enterprise democratic management, strives to implement the system of workers' representative congress, explores effective ways for workers to participate in management, effectively safeguards the rights of workers to be informed, to participate, to express themselves, and to supervise, fully taps into the enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity of the workers, and truly enhances the quality and effectiveness of democratic management development in the enterprise. Dormitory Plan Employee Loyalty Plan Assistance Plan Mengniu has set up employee dormitories in various plants across the country, integrating accommodation, leisure, and entertainment functions to meet the daily living needs of employees. In 2022, the Company built new dormitories and upgraded dormitory facilities in many factories to continuously enhance the happiness of employees. Mengniu provided point-to-point and one-to- one care for employees in difficulty. In 2022, Mengniu helped employees with difficulties more than 156 person-time, with a total assistance fund of about RMB 270, 000. Responsibility- Common Prosperity In 2022, Mengniu held the 7th Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference, which deliberated and passed 14 regulations related to employees' interests, awarded the advanced collectives and excellent individuals in the trade union work, and comprehensively launched the mass organization work systems of the Mengniu Happiness Seven-heart Project, aiming to build a happy home of Mengniu and to gather the wisdom and strength of the employees to promote the high-quality development of the enterprise. The conference collected 218 representative proposals, and the trade union was responsible for coordinating and advancing the solution. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Occupational Health and Safety Mengniu complies with the relevant laws and regulations on occupational health and safety, such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and the Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace, and continuously improves the management of occupational health and safety. As a responsible production enterprise, Mengniu pays high attention to occupational safety issues. A three-level safety management organization structure is established at the Group, business unit and plant levels to undertake responsibility step by step. The safety management departments of the Group, business unit and plant are all equipped with full-time management personnel. In 2022, 49 factories of Mengniu obtained the certification of Occupational Health and Safety Management System GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018; 7 factories of Mengniu passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprises. Safety Risk Prevention The company adheres to risk prevention and bottom-line management, implements multiple measures to supervise and regulate compliance, and improves the safety management system. On the one hand, we focus on key risk prevention and control, including online approval and control before, during, and after hazardous operations, full-cycle safety risk management for contractors, typical risk review of electrical circuits and important risk prevention and control measures for extreme weather conditions. On the other hand, we strengthen the implementation of bottom-line responsibilities, formulate 56 transformation actions for the 15 Necessary Measures, propose requirements for the implementation of the Safety Production Law, participate in standardization review training, implement a dual prevention mechanism that runs parallel to the safety risk grading and control mechanism and the hidden danger investigation and governance mechanism, and organize special safety investigations and empowering for overseas operating units. At the same time, we continue to strengthen the construction of safety informatization, achieving 100 coverage of the dual prevention mechanism and online management system for dangerous operations in the main business. Safety Culture Construction Mengniu is committed to promoting the construction of safety culture while continuously deepening the work of security risk prevention and control. In the meantime, the Company applies to be awarded safety culture model enterprises and standardized safety teams to build up a safe production defense line of the Company and to form a positive cycle of mutual promotion and joint protection between the Company and the employees. Safety Production Month Theme Activity In order to implement the awareness of safe production and build a long-term mechanism for safe production, the Company launched the Safety Production Month theme activity. During the event, leaders at all levels took the lead in making safety production commitments, promoting safety production principles and practicing safety production. All factories carried out in- depth learning on safety production and conducted themed speeches, consultation, painting activities on safety production and safety drills. Through the active participation of all employees, safety awareness has been deeply rooted in the hearts of employees and a strong safety culture atmosphere is formed within the Company. Ankang Cup Labor Skills Competition In 2022, Mengniu launched the Ankang Cup knowledge competition with the theme of Implementing Safety Production and Safeguarding Enterprise Development, focusing on the requirements of the safety production, safety risk prevention and control, and system mechanism construction. The competition incorporated safety knowledge from 22 aspects, including dangerous operations, mechanical protection, fire and electricity, hazardous chemicals safety, and on-site traffic into the competition questions. The competition also featured creative designs such as Talented Individuals Thriving Show, Safety Bingo and Safety Scene Play. Through themed speeches, quiz competitions, safety scene plays other forms of activities, employees were able to deeply learn and master safety knowledge, promoting innovative development in enterprise safety production and labor protection, while effectively creating a creating a safe and stable production environment for the Company. Responsibility- Common Prosperity 44 45 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableOccupational Health and Safety Training To enhance the occupational health and safety awareness of EHS personnel and improve the professional ability of management personnel, Mengniu Huxiuqi Learning Center has formulated a series of safety production and occupational health theme training courses in accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Work Safety Law, the Environmental Protection Law and the Provisions on Safety Training of Production and Operation Entities. Our training courses are aimed at professional and management personnel at the Group, business unit, and factory levels. The courses cover four dimensions of regulations, management, technology and practice, including policy and regulation learning, major risk prevention and control, occupational hazard prevention and contro and other aspects. Regulation Training Management Training Technical Training Practice Training Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Popularization Week In close connection with the reality of occupational health management and the characteristics of occupational hazards, Mengniu carried out a series of publicity and education activities with the theme of all for the health of workers, popularized the knowledge of occupational disease prevention and control, and raised all employees' attention to attach importance to the occupational health of workers. Honors In 2022, 2 factories of Mengniu were awarded as the national demonstration enterprises for the construction of safety culture. In 2022, 13 employees of Mengniu were awarded the title of Professional Health Talent at provincial and municipal levels. In 2022, 8 factories of Mengniu were awarded the title of Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels. In 2022, Mengniu was awarded the title of Excellent Organization for Safety Construction and 3 grass-roots teams were awarded the title of Excellent team for Safety Construction by local government. Ammonia-related Pressure Vessel Leakage Accident Government-enterprise Joint ExerciseResponsibility- Common Prosperity 46 47 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableIndicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Turnover rate of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan 14. 29 Turnover rate of employees in the Chinese mainland 15. 47 Total training hours of employees Hour 4, 021, 519. 84 Average training hours of employees Hour 84. 97 Total ratio of trained employees 91. 45 Total training hours of male employees Hour 2, 345, 192. 47 Average training hours of male employees Hour 84. 17 Percentage of male employees trained 91. 76 Total training hours of female employees Hour 1, 676, 327. 37 Average training hours of female employees Hour 86. 11 Percentage of female employees trained 91. 65 Total training hours of senior management employees Hour 1, 165. 38 Average training hours of senior management employees Hour 61. 34 Percentage of senior management employees trained 100 Total training hours of middle management employees Hour 277, 782. 00 Average training hours of middle management employees Hour 82. 14 Percentage of middle management employees trained 93. 87 Total training hours of ordinary employees Hour 3, 742, 572. 47 Average training hours of ordinary employees Hour 85. 20 Percentage of ordinary employees trained 88. 85 Number of employees' complaints and reports Case 2 Number of complaints resolved Case 2 Performance Indicators Employment-R elated Performance Indicators Indicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Total number of employees Person 47, 329 Total number of male employees Person 27, 861 Total number of female employees Person 19, 468 Total number of full-time employees Person 47, 297 Total number of part-time employees Person 32 Total number of minority employees Person 3, 676 Total number of disabled employees Person 65 Total number of employees aged 30 and below Person 16, 282 Total number of employees aged 31-50 (including 50) Person 30, 034 Total number of employees aged above 50 Person 1, 013 Total number of employees at overseas Person 2, 420 Total number of employees in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan Person 7 Total number of employees in the Chinese mainland Person 44, 902 Total number of employees with master's degree or above Person 1, 581 Total number of employees with bachelor's degree Person 17, 453 Total number of employees with college's degree Person 15, 469 Total number of employees with high school education or below Person 12, 826 Total number of male employees in senior management Person 14 Percentage of male employees in senior management 73. 68 Total number of female employees in senior management Person 5 Percentage of female employees in senior management 26. 32 Total number of male employees in middle management Person 2, 495 Percentage of male employees in middle management 73. 77 Total number of female employees in middle management Person 887 Percentage of female employees in middle management 26. 23 Employee turnover rate 15. 47 Turnover rate of male employees 16. 56 Turnover rate of female employees 13. 75 Turnover rate of employees aged 30 and below 22. 60 Turnover rate of employees aged 31-50 (including 50) 11. 19 Turnover rate of employees aged 50 and above 10. 62 Turnover rate of employees at overseas 0Indicator Indicator Unit 2022 Data Occupational disease cases Case 0 Employee deaths related to work-related incidents Person 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Employee death rate due to work-related incidents3 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Total investment in safety measures 10, 000 7, 528. 94 Full-time safety personnel Person 210 Lost work hours due to work injuries Hour 5, 399 Employee physical examination coverage rate 100 Occupational health and safety training coverage rate 100Occupational Health and Safety Performance Indicators 3. Employee death rate due to safety production accidents Number of death related to safety production accidents Total number of employees 100 The statistical scope of data related to employee turnover is within Mengniu's principal business. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Work-related death information reflects the date of employees who died as a result of safety production accidents and the scope is within Mengniu's principal business. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In 2022, Mengniu held the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing Release Conference, inviting more than 500 representatives from government authorities, industry experts, financial institutions, and Mengniu's industrial chain partners to attend the conference. This activity aims to actively implement the national dairy industry revitalization strategy, help to improve the quality and efficiency of the dairy industry and the competitiveness of the industry, and further strengthen the cooperation relationship of the industrial chain of Mengniu, to achieve the win-win growth of the industry chain. In 2022, Mengniu promoted the planting of more than 6 million mu and 12 million tonnes of high-quality forage grass nationwide, led the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows, distributed nearly RMB 32 billion of milk payments, directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million herdsmen nationwide to increase their income. In recent years, Mengniu has laid out and established more than 10 planting, breeding and processing dairy industry parks nationwide. In 2022, Mengniu and its strategic partners built more than 30 new pastures directly and indirectly increasing the employment and income of more than 60, 000 farmers. In 2022, Mengniu invested in the construction of China Dairy Industry Park and promoted the employment of local migrant workers through project construction and industrial chain investment. In the construction phase of the Green Future Dairy Industry Chain Demonstration Base, the Company gave priority to absorbing local rural labor, solving nearly 2, 000 people's employment, and becoming an important force to drive industrial revitalization of the countryside. Industrial Revitalization In 2022, Mengniu upgraded and released the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing strategy. In 2022, Mengniu conducted the Milk Donation Program of Inclusive Nutrition Plan in 277 schools in 58 cities of 20 provinces across the country, donating more than 3. 97 million boxes of milk and covering 179, 200 student person-time. In the past five years, Mengniu has benefited nearly one million student person-time in 28 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country. Rural Primary School Principal Empowerment Program In January 2022, Mengniu s Future Star Student Milk Brand teamed up with Southern Weekly, a renowned media in China, to launch the Bell Ringer Empowerment Program to deliver health management concepts and methods to village primary school principals from a professional perspective and to stress the importance of nutrition to children in rural schools. In December 2022, China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu Group, Southern Weekly and 21st Century Education Research Institute jointly released the Investigation and Res6earch Report on Nutrition and Health Education of Rural Primary Schools in Central and Western Regions. The report analyzed the current situation and needs of nutrition and health education in rural primary schools and proposed systematic policy recommendations to attract public attention. The number of schools donated by Inclusive Nutrition Projectschools 179, 200 The number of students covered by Inclusive Nutrition Projectperson-time 3. 97 The number of milk product donated by Inclusive Nutrition Projectmore than million boxes Responsibility- Common Prosperity 50 51 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Multiple Assistance Guided by Party building work, Mengniu promotes the rural revitalization through solving funding issues with financial institutions, improving dairy farmers' capabilities by technology training, developing professional talents through education and helping rural construction by fund donation. In the past three years, the party committee of Mengniu Group has jointly promoted the establishment of 62 Party branches in cooperative pastures, established 657 Party building bases with Mengniu characteristics, and formed a Party building alliance with 189 cooperative units such as government, banks, and cooperative pastures. Mengniu has also held 139 Party building activities. In the year of 2022, Mengniu provided RMB 7. 6 billion to support the upstream pastures to meet various financial needs, such as the purchasing of cows, forage and equipments, transformation and upgrading, breeding of high-quality breeds and information construction solving the problem of cash flow difficulty for farmers and herdsmen. In 2022, Mengniu launched 29 public training sessions on pasture technology improvement, reaching 330, 000 person-time participation. Mengniu also precisely helped 156 pastures to improve the refinement and scientific level of feeding management throughout the year. In addition, Mengniu launched the second phase of the Advanced Talent Training Class for Modern Dairy Farms, comprehensively enhanced the professional and technical abilities of herdsment and farmers. Party branches Party building bases Launched 29 training sessions on pasture technology improvement, covering 330, 000 person-time, helped 156 pastures. trainings, 330, 000 person-time pastures 156 In order to standardize the development of the Group's public welfare undertakings and improve the social responsibility development system, Mengniu has set up the Inner Mongolia Mengniu Public Welfare Foundation. With the mission vision of Nutrition Benefits All Life, Every Life Should Excel, the foundation focuses on nutrition empowerment, balanced development, environmental protection and other fields, and carries out charitable projects through knowledge research, systematic funding and public Advocacy. In addition, Mengniu has formulated standards for employee volunteer service activities and carried out systematic volunteer service activities. In the future, Mengniu will continue to take on systematic and strategic public welfare and charity work to undertake its corporate social responsibility. In 2022, the number of Mengniu volunteers exceeded 10, 000 times of people participation and the time spent on volunteer service was nearly 20, 000 hours. Youth Football Public Welfare of Project Hope Mengniu leverages the power of public welfare to promote the physical and mental health of young children, helping to develop China youth football undertaking and empower the future of Chinese football undertaking. The activity selected 247 football teenagers from Xinjiang, Tibet, Qinghai, Sichuan, Jiangxi and other regions to participate in the Mengniu Youth Football Summer Camp, and finally selected 11 football teenagers to participate in Qatar World Cup. In addition, Mengniu also launched football donation campaign, which sent 10, 000 high-quality footballs, well- equipped campus football training equipments and Mengniu student milk to hundreds of primary and secondary schools in 57 cities of 23 provinces across the country to help the development of campus football. Mengniu's expenditure on charitable onationsRMB million 10, 000 The person-time of Mengniu volunteers involved in public welfare activitiesmore than person-time 20, 000 Volunteer service timehours Public Welfare Care Mengniu actively practices social welfare, promotes nutrition and health, cares for all social groups, fulfills corporate social responsibility, and makes every life thrive with every drop of nutrition. Honors With the outstanding contribution of high-quality industrial development to rural revitalization, Mengniu won the Xinhua Credit's Golden Orchid Cup ESG Outstanding Contribution Case Award hosted by China Economic Information Service and the 2022 Annual Responsibility Practice Rural Revitalization Award by The Paper. CharityResponsibility- Common Prosperity 52 53 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Environment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableDisaster Relief and Support In 2022, an earthquake of magnitude 6. 8 occurred in Luding County, Ganzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, which severely affected Ganzi Prefecture and Shimian County, and damaged water, electricity, transportation and communication infrastructures. After the disaster, Mengniu immediately took relief actions and donated RMB 10 million to the earthquake-stricken area to fully support the earthquake relief work and help the affected area to restore as soon as possible. For the fourth consecutive year, Mengniu donated nearly 6, 000 books, clothes, and other materials to Mengzi City, Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan Province. In addition, Mengniu launched a care program for elderly people with no family and disabled elderly people, benefiting nearly a thousand elderly people. Overseas Corporate Citizenship As the most influential dairy enterprise in China, Mengniu also shoulders the mission of leading China dairy to the world in the process of internationalization. Mengniu has actively participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) project initiated by the Global Dairy Platform (GDP). The project focuses on dairy processors and addresses local nutrition security, people's livelihoods and economic growth by promoting the transformation of the local dairy value chain. Mengniu actively carries out public welfare and charity activities in New Zealand, Australia, Indonesia and other places where we operates overseas, focusing on community public welfare, low-carbon environmental protection, nutrition and health, etc. This year, Yashili donated to the New Zealand Child Cancer Foundation to support the treatment of children with cancer. Yashili proactively fulfilled corporate responsibility and participated in the 2022 New Zealand Primary Industries Summit to discuss the challenges and opportunities of industrial development with industry experts. At the conference, Ag Research (a team that breeds low methane emitting sheep) sponsored by Yashili was awarded the Science and Research Award. Bellamy's of Mengniu is committed to social welfare activities. Honors Mengniu was the only dairy enterprise wining the Inner Mongolia Charity Award. Adhering to the concept of Promising a Healthier World, Mengniu is committed to establishing an environmentally friendly production system, and promise to achieve carbon neutrality across the entire industry chain by 2050. Under the pillar of Environment-Carbon Net- Zero of GREEN strategy, Mengniu has comprehensively carried out greenhouse gas management, water resources management, waste management, packaging material recycling and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment by setting up three topics, namely, Dual-Carbon Action, Green Operation and Recycle. SDGs We Focused in this Section Dual-Carbon ActionGreen OperationRecycleHighlights in 2022 Dual-Carbon Action Mengniu's Qujing factory was certified by Germany's T V Rheinland and China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange, becoming the first internationally and domestically dual certified zero-carbon emission factory in the dairy industry. Yashili Reeborne Jingzhi of Mengniu infant formula milk powder 700g and 750g obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. Mengniu promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification coverage, achieving 100 certified of Mengniu's factories. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted cooperating pastures to replace 57 coal-fired boilers, adopt 71 water conservation measures, and apply 30 clean energy projects, achieving a carbon emission reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has installed more than 14. 6MW of solar photovoltaic capacity, increased by 8. 96 compared with 2021. Green Operation By the end of 2022, 27 factories have been certified as National- level Green Factory. plants obtained GB T24001-2016 ISO14001 2015 Environmental Management System Certification. Mengniu has invested more than RMB 200 million in ecological and environmental protection, completed 21 key environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. Mengniu's freshwater consumption per unit product decreased by 1. 54 compared with 2021 and annual water saving resched 859, 700 tonnes (including 421, 600 tonnes in social water savings). In 2022, 5 factories were newly awarded with the title of provincial water conservation enterprise and 1 factory was newly awarded with the title of municipal water conservation benchmark enterprise. Mengniu product packaging designs were included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets. A number of Mengniu products have obtained the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E Certification) issued by T V Rheinland. A number of Mengniu factories have been granted Zero-Waste Factory certification by T V Rheinland. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action (TCFD Chapter) We use the framework suggested by TCFD4 to disclose Mengniu's climate related information. Low carbon development is the development path commonly recognized by all sectors of the global community, and it is also the common action taken by different stakeholders to address climate change. Under the framework of the Company's GREEN strategy, Mengniu has set the strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, comprehensively carried out greenhouse gases emission management such as carbon calculation and climate risks and opportunities identification, continuously explored action plans in responding to climate change, as well as fulfilled environmental responsibilities with upstream and downstream enterprises in ecological protection, thus influencing and driving the whole industrial chain to achieve low-carbon development. Governance Level The Board of Directors of Mengniu oversees climate change related matters of the Company, makes decisions on the Group's climate change policies and strategic planning, supervises the process and results of identifying climate change and low-carbon development risks and opportunities, reviews and monitors climate change-related goals, as well as listens to the management's report on climate change related matters and makes recommendations. Management Level Mengniu's core senior management conduct overall deployment and systematic promotion of the Group's low-carbon related work, coordinate the formulation of major policies and strategic plans, identify risks and opportunities related to climate change and low-carbon development, manage climate change-related goals, and clarify the climate change-related functions of the Group's different business departments. The core management of Mengniu Group is the highest leadership and decision- making body of the Group's carbon emission management work. The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department is responsible for the overall coordination of the Group's carbon peak and carbon neutrality matters, formulating the guidelines and strategic plans for low-carbon development, including the Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025), Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method and Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide, to guide and deploy carbon emission management and build up a carbon emission management system. The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department unifies, coordinates, deploys, guides and supervises the carbon emission management of each business unit, and allocates carbon emission targets to each business unit and carries out evaluation assessment, to form a management system with methodology, strategy, planning and process, and steadily promotes the dual-carbon action. Executive Level Mengniu's business units execute the Group's low-carbon development policy, undertake the Group's low-carbon development plan, formulate the business unit's low-carbon development implementation plan and related management documents, refine and decompose reduction targets, deploy and implement carbon reduction and emission reduction measures, as well as quantify reduction effects, meanwhile, business units report their carbon reduction progress and achieved status of carbon targets to the Group, forming a top-down and full-coverage dual-carbon action mechanism. Moveover, Mengiu's factories implement business units' low-carbon development measures, collect factory-level carbon emissions data, ensure the achievement of business units' carbon targets, and report the results of carbon reduction efforts to business units. At the scope 1 and scope 2 aspects, we actively carry out our own carbon emission management, practice emission reduction, energy conservation, and renewable energy utilization projects. In terms of scope 3, we carry out value chain collaboration on carbon reduction. At the same time, we carry out climate change scenario recognition, climate change risk and opportunity analysis, and climate impact evaluation on the Company in terms of operation and finance. Phase I 2023-2025 Combining the Company s 2025 strategic planning, Mengniu calculates the phased carbon peak value, focuses on scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions reduction, and explores and deploys scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures. In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kg CO2e t. 2030-2050 With the target of carbon neutrality, Mengniu maintains the GHG emission reduction measures and achievements in scope 1 and 2, and promotes comprehensive GHG emission reduction in scope 3. The proportion of renewable clean energy increases and the product carbon footprint decreases year by year. In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3. In line with the Group s phase I strategic planning and industrial structure adjustment, Mengniu continues to promote the reduction of scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions, and deepen the implementation of the scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures. In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kgCO2e t. Phase IIIPhase II 2025-2030 58 59 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Internationally and Domestically Dual-C ertified Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Mengniu's Qujing factory received the Carbon Neutrality and Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certificate from Germany's T V Rheinland and the Carbon Neutrality Certificate from China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange. The plant incorporates green building materials, low-carbon raw materials and accessories, and clean energy during its design, construction, and operation to achieve sustainable development. Currently, about 100 of the plant's electricity comes from green sources. Green design and construction The factory has integrated the concepts of green and low-carbon into its design, rationally planned the layout of workshops and lighting zones, and used green and environmentally friendly building materials. Energy-saving technology The factory has established an intelligent energy management system and utilizes high-efficiency kinetic energy equipment to implement various energy-saving and emission-reduction projects. Clean energy The factory has expanded its clean energy channels and increased the proportion of clean energy used. Emission Reduction Empowerment Mengniu has undertaken carbon emission accounting capacity building, with ongoing implementation of the L earning W hile Doing carbon emission accounting empowerment program, covering all carbon emission accounting personnel in the company, ensuring that they possess the skills required for carbon emission accounting and monitoring. In 2022, the Company conducted 12 training sessions on environmental protection and low-carbon themes, covering more than 200 full-time carbon management personnel from the Group, Business Units and factories. Scope 1 and 2 GHG Management Based on the Group's dual-carbon target and strategic plan, Mengniu has clarified the focus of carbon reduction in production- related scope 1 and 2. Mengniu regards improving the utilization rate of production capacity, improving the utilization rate of energy, recycling surplus energy and optimizing energy structure as the core contents of production-related carbon reduction. Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Mengniu practices green production and continuously reduces energy consumption while improving energy utilization efficiency at each factory through two dimensions emission reduction and efficiency enhancement. Green value, the sum of the financial, environmental, social, benefits that a green product or service can provide to the consumers. Systematic Management Technological Diversification 12 Training sessions on environmental protection and low-carbon themesSessions 200 Training coverageFull-time Carbon Management Personnelmore thanThe Company promoted ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certification and achieved 100 coverage of its own factories; applied TPM energy-saving and cost-reduction tools, and fromied an energy-saving and cost-reduction team to promote the lean management of the energy system; innovatively applied visualized tools to identify energy risks, and outputted 4 visualized risk maps of solar energy, wind energy, water resources and mechanical and electrical equipment energy efficiency improvement, so as to prevent and control energy compliance risks. Adhering to the concept of Reducing energy consumption and increasing green value5, the Company promoted the application of new energy-saving and carbon-reducing technologies around the ideas of Exploration-pilot- promotion. In 2022, 66 energy and water conservation technologies and 4 new energy conservation and carbon reduction technologies were explored and exported. Mengniu completed 51 energy-saving renovation projects throughout the year, achieving annual energy saving of about 2, 970. 3 tonnes of standard coal. The factory installed a new descaling equipment on the heat exchanger of the evaporating refrigeration workshop, achieving 8 to 10 power saving in the evaporative cooling system. Boiler Flexibility Enhancement Project Mengniu's Room Temperature Business Unit conducted a boiler flexibility enhancement project at its Baotou factory, which includes improving the reliability and safety of the gas boiler system, ensuring accurate steam metering, increasing the intelligence of the control system, and enhancing the energy efficiency, stability, safety, and environmental friendliness of equipment operation. No smoke Blue Sky Factory The Maanshan Factory of Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit launched the Waste Heat to Treasure-Creating a 'No Smoke' Blue Sky Factory Project, pioneered the waste heat recovery technology and obtained national patent authorization. The project is based on the workshop's usage needs and, through in-depth research and careful polishing, has achieved the goal of recycling all the waste condensate water and white smoke in the workshop's waste heat main pipe, effectively solving the problem of heat energy waste. Air Conditioning System Optimization Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit's air conditioning system used return air circulation control to supplement the minimum fresh air volume, which reduced system energy consumption by about 10 while maintaining clean indoor air. Supply-Demand Matching of Compressed Air System Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit's compressed air system reduced the target pressure by 8 by balancing fresh ari supply and demand, achieving an energy conversion efficiency improvement of over 4. Capacity utilization has a crucial impact on the e ciency of energy use in production activities and is an important measure to reduce production-related carbon emissions. Mengniu has improved the utilization rate of production capacity by shortening process transfer time, optimizing material pipeline transportation, and investing in automated and intelligent production equipment. Mengniu explores energy-saving opportunities in each stage of the production process and integrates energy-saving measures into the entire production process, by doing so, Mengniu has improved the energy ultilization rate in our production through installing intelligent control equipment, reducing equipment idling, reducing transmission loss, optimizing equipment parameters, and upgrading energy-saving equipment. Multi-level utilization of surplus energy is of great signi cance for energy saving and emission reduction in our production, and is an important part for us to implement re ned energy management. Optimizing Energy Structure 60 61 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu Smart Energy System In 2022, the Company upgraded its smart energy system to help reduce energy costs and support energy regulation and decision- making. The project optimized the 8 major functional modules of the system covering 61 units, including improving the loading speed of each module and realizing efficient utilization of modules. At the same time, the Room Temperature Product Business Unit upgraded the energy sub-systems in the the workshop, implementing centralized control, automatic data collection, and intelligent comprehensive analysis of energy information to optimize management processes and continuously improve energy conversion efficiency. Mengniu actively promotes the application of green energy. By the end of 2022, Mengniu's installed capacity of solar photovoltaics exceeded 14. 6 MW, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 8. 96. New Energy Conversion and Transformation of Lighting Facilities The Dangyang Plant of Ice Cream Product Business Unit implemented a new energy conversion project for its lighting facilities, installed 24 sets of low-voltage solar-powered energy-saving devices in the main road area of the factory, which convert solar energy into electricity. The project contributed to an annual electricity savings of approximately 5, 000 kilowatt-hours, while also reducing the factory's carbon emissions. Scope 3 GHG Management Mengniu pays close attention to the environmental impacts of the value chain, incorporates the value chain carbon reduction into its dual-carbon strategy, leads the important components such as the pasture end and product end of the value chain to explore low-carbon development together. Mengniu has developed a carbon management planning and designed carbon reduction paths for pastures, which includes adjusting feed composition and structure, managing and optimizing herd structure, optimizing manure management and improving energy utilization efficiency of pastures. In terms of energy-saving and emission reduction technology transformation in pastures, Mengniu has launched low-carbon breeding training programs in pastures to encourage pastures to reduce the use of coal-fired boilers, upgrade water-saving systems, and use clean energy to replace traditional fossil energy, thus contributing to the power of Mengniu for the carbon reduction and low-carbon transformation of the industrial chain. By the end of 2022, Mengniu has promoted a total of 57 replacements of coal-fired boilers, adopted 71 water-saving measures, and implemented 30 clean energy projects in cooperating pastures, bringing a carbon reduction of about 180, 000 tonnes. At the same time, we continue improving the management of farm feed procurement and proposing water pollution management requirements for farm feed suppliers. Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to local resources and purchasing corn kernels, silage corn, pressed corn, straw and other products from the surrounding area of the farm to reduce carbon emissions from feed transportation and promote local economic development. Mengniu Green Building In early 2023, Mengniu's Ningxia factory was awarded the LEED Gold Certification for green building by the U. S. Green Building Council. As an authoritative third- party assessment and certification, LEED Certification has great significance in improving the reputation of the building, saving its operation and maintenance costs, and advocating a green and low-carbon lifestyle. The Ningxia project adopted green building technologies such as the solar power generation technology, the reclaimed water recovery technology, the highly reflective materials, and so forth to ensure that the Ningxia project is in line with international standards. Our LEED Gold Certification for green building is the first of its kind in the domestic dairy industry, and has become an important milestone for Mengniu's in green and low-carbon development, marking that Mengniu has outstanding and excellent performance in terms of energy saving, water saving, reducing carbon dioxide emissions, improving indoor living quality and materials in the design and construction. Refrigerator Replaced by External Circulation of Cold Storage Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit, in view of the fact that the outdoor temperature in the northern China is relatively low in winter, used fans to introduce outdoor cold air to circulate the cold storage for cooling and stops using Freon refrigerators to save electricity. Avoiding excessive protein intake Increasing fatty acid intake moderately Reducing methane emissions with additives Reducing forage maturityAdjusting Feed Composition and Structure Lowering the rate of cow culling Shortening the calving interval Advancing the rst calving time of young cattleManaging and Optimizing Herd Structure Reducing manure storage process emissions Using biogas to generate electricity Utilizing occulant to assist in solid-liquid separation Applying better manure treatmentOptimizing Manure Management Practices Upgrading high energy consuming equipments (such as intelligent water-saving and electricity-saving systems) Replacing fossil fuel equipments (replacing coal- red boilers, fuel vehicles, etc.) Green electricity (such as photovoltaic power generation, etc.)Improving the E ciency of Energy Use in Pastures 62 63 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero GHG Management of China Modern Dairy China Modern Dairy of Mengniu, focuses on the carbon emission reduction efficiency of the entire chain in top-level design and strategy planning. From soil management of planting land and research on gastrointestinal fermentation technology, to the introduction of manure collection and anaerobic fermentation system, and photovoltaic energy, as well as the efficient breeding and production of cows, China Modern Dairy has achieved breakthroughs and emission reduction throughout the entire chain. China Modern Dairy's manure treatment system and recycling model reduce the use of outsourced padding and energy while achieving low-carbon environmental protection, and reduce carbon emission by at least 40 in the manure treatment and comprehensive energy utilization process. The manure treatment system and recycling model of China Modern Dairy has been recognized as an outstanding case for reducing carbon emissions from breeding activities in the agricultural food industry and is highlighted in the report Corporate Climate Target Setting, Action and Global Collaboration Towards a Net-Zero Future-Accelerate 2030 Agenda For Sustainable Development Through Global Development Initiative published by the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). GHG Management of China Shengmu China Shengmu of Mengniu, has integrated carbon reduction into the management of raw milk production and other operational aspects, established a carbon management team and mechanism, and completed the Carbon Emissions Baseline Inventory. From the aspects of green breeding, green planting, green transportation, and green processing, Shengmu is aiming to build a green low-carbon eco-system driven by the dual elements of Planting, Rearing and Processing carbon reduction and Agriculture, Forestry and Meadow carbon sequestration. Currently, all the traditional boilers in Shengmu's pasture have been replaced by air source heat pumps using clean energy and the proportion of clean energy used in production and operations will be further increased in the future. In 2022, China Shengmu achieved significant carbon reduction efforts, with an expected carbon emission of 626, 000 tonnes and an actual carbon emission of 660, 000 tonnes, achieving a target completion rate of 94. At the same time, the carbon emissions intensity of China Shengmu have been reduced to 1. 03kgCO 2e kg milk, a decrease of 7. 2 compared to 2021. The carbon emissions from green breeding, manure management, and energy use have been reduced to 321, 400 tonnes, 141, 200 tonnes, and 110, 200 tonnes, respectively. Mengniu's case of Building a Green Ecological Circle and Promoting Zero Carbon Development in the Dairy Industry was included in the case collection. This case introduces how Mengniu implemented carbon reduction actions in factories and pastures, including energy-saving transformation, fine management, renewable energy utilization, changing feed structure and feeding methods, increasing forestry carbon sinks and soil carbon sinks. China Modern Dairy conduct comprehensive carbon calculation, covering all pastures and new business sectors that under its operation control. China Modern Dairy have gathered momentum for the continuous implementation of carbon reduction strategy through adopting a Create the Demonstration Pasture strategy, and making horizontally comparation among different pastures to inspire their growth; establishing a support system to improve data collection efficiency and enhance professional capabilities in dual-carbon work; conducting trainings related to carbon emission reduction, and developing Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of carbon emission. At present, in addition to newly acquired pastures, China Modern Dairy's existing pastures have decreased the carbon emission intensity in three units of manure management, energy utilization, and gastrointestinal fermentation, by 10. 4, 2. 0 and 2. 7, respectively, achieving a balance between carbon reduction and efficient production, as well as a virtuous cycle of emission reduction investment and production efficiency output. In April 2023, China Classification Society Certification Co., Ltd. conducted greenhouse gas verification on China Modern Dairy of Mengniu and issued the certificate of verification on greenhouse gas emission. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Low- Carbon P ackaging Mengniu actively collaborates with the leading packaging material suppliers to develop and promote the application of low-carbon packaging, and strives to achieve full coverage of low-carbon packaging while ensuring packaging quality for all of our product. Mengniu's First Label-Free Product In 2022, Mengniu launched its first label-free product, Mengniu Yoyi C 0 Sucrose, which met the Golden Design Rules of the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF)7 and was selected in the Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, making it a pioneer in carbon reduction and environmental protection packaging. Carbon footprint reduction the carbon footprint reduced 44. 6 Plastic reduction Upgrading the production process to eliminate the use of PET plastic bottle labels Ink reduction Designing a semi-transparent white bottle body to remove the use of ink Easy to recycle Optimizing packaging structure, changing PS material to PP material, making it easier to be recycled 7. Golden Design Rules Product packaging design principles launched by the Consumer Goods Forum, aims to accelerate the process of less plastic, betterFor more information, please refer to Chapter Environment-Carbon Net Zero -Recycle. Low-Carbon Products Mengniu inspects the environmental impact of its products from the whole life cycle perspective. Yashili's Milk Powder Products Obtained Carbon Neutrality Certification Mengniu's Yashili infant formula milk powder brand Reeborne Jingzhi obtained carbon neutrality product certificates for its Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 product, achieving relatively zero greenhouse gas emissions. The carbon footprint accounting of this product follows the requirements of ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering greenhouse gas emissions throughout the product's life cycle includes greenhouse gas emissions from upstream raw material extraction and processing, raw material transportation, product manufacturing, product sales and transportation, product use and product disposal stages. The factory of Yashili reduces carbon emissions by undertaking energy conservation and reduction projects, using environmentally friendly plastics and carton packaging, and purchasing raw materials from suppliers certified with green electricity and biomass steam certificates, while offsetting carbon emissions from products by purchasing carbon offset credits. Calculation of Carbon Footprint of Yoyi C Products Mengniu pays attention to product carbon footprints, considering possibilities for carbon reduction in all stages and continuing to reduce carbon footprints of Mengniu's product. This year, the Company measured the carbon footprint of Yoyi C Zero Sucrose Active Probiotics Milk Beverage. The carbon footprint of this product is 301. 81gCO 2e per bottle, which is measured in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 20050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering stages of raw materials sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and trial, use and final disposal. Carbon emissions reduction of buying eco-friendly bottles., The reduction in carbon emissions is equivalent to the number of trees planted Data from Mengniu Youyi C 0 Sucrose Product Bottle Label Removal Carbon Reduction Calculation Report Low-Carbon Transportation The Company has an extensive logistics transportation network, covering the transportation of upstream raw materials and downstream products. The Company has paid attention to carbon emissions in the logistics transportation process, gradually upgraded logistics vehicles to electric vehicles, replaced fossil fuels with biomass fuels and optimized the structure of transportation logistics to establish a more efficient and low-carbon logistics system. Procurement of Green Logistics Service Providers Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit requires road transportation service providers to commit to the deployment of new energy electric vehicles and increase their use in areas with suitable natural conditions and transportation distances. Adoption of Intensive Transportation Methods Mengniu is accelerating the shift of medium and long-distance freight transportation from road to rail and water transportation, vigorously developing multimodal transportation such as rail-water, road-rail, and road-water, increasing the share of railway and waterway in comprehensive transportation, and continuously reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions. Mengniu Fresh Milk Business Unit has increased railway transportation, integrated transportation resources during transportation, which reduces transportation distance, increases loading capacity as well as reducing shipping frequency and energy consumption. Project of Urban Electric Truck Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit encourages and promotes urban logistics partners to use new energy refrigerated electric trucks in certain regions on a pilot basis to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.., Carbon emissions reduced by purchasing eco-friendly bottles., Reduction in carbon emissions equivalent to the number of trees planted 66 67 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Climate Change Scenarios According to the business operations, Mengniu assessd the potential climate-related risks that the Company may face in the future based on the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSP) adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). For the objective situation of group operations and potential external environment such as natural ecology and socioeconomic environment in the future, Mengniu identified influential factors in terms of warming, sea level, extreme climate, climate policies, energy technology changes, land utilization and dietary habits, and chose SSP1 (strict path) and SSP5 (high emissions path) to carry out climate scenario analysis. Data source The Sixth Assessment Report of Working Group (WGI) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), CMIP6 climate models and Fossil-fueled development (SSP5) An energy and resource intensive scenario for the 21st centuryClimate Change Risk and Opportunity Analysis Mengniu analyzed the potential impact on its operations under the SSP1 and SSP5 climate scenarios and identified the potential physical and transition risks under different climate scenarios. Risk Identification and Response of Entity Risk for Mengniu Business Under SSP5 Scenario Under the SSP5 scenario, greenhouse gas emissions prior to 2100 will remain at a high level, which could potentially exacerbate extreme weather events. Therefore, in this scenario, Mengniu will face more challenges from physical risks. Mengniu identified and analyzed the potential impacts, impact cycles, and response measures under acute and chronic physical risks. Category SSP 1 Scenario SSP 5 Scenario Natural ecology 8Warming By 2040, global mean temperature will be risen by 1. 6 C compared with the pre- industrial period (2. 0 C by 2100)By 2040, global mean temperature will be risen by 1. 7 compared with the pre- industrial period (5. 2 by 2100) Sea level By 2040, sea level will be increased by 0. 1 meters compared with the pre-industrial period (0. 4 meters by 2100)By 2040, sea level will be increased by 0. 1 meters compared with the pre-industrial period (0. 7 meters by 2100) Extreme climate The frequency and intensity of extreme climate will be increased to a certain degreeThe frequency and intensity of extreme climate will be increased significantly Socioeconomic environmentClimate policy Several countries, regions and economies will issue progressively tighter low-carbon related policies and regulations, make long- term net zero emissions or carbon neutrality target commitments, and manage global environmental issuesDue to the influence of energy structure, policy, economy and other factors, countries are climate policy and management of local environmental issues Energy technology changes Reduce the use of fossil fuels and shift to renewable energy sourcesRely on fossil fuels without actively pursue alternative energy sources Land utilization Establish strict regulations to prevent behavior that may affect the environment and ecologyFormulate moderate regulations to gradually reduce the rate of deforestation Dietary habits Dietary preference is on less meat type diet Meaty dietRisk Risk Description Risk Response Acute physical risk Extremely cold weather The energy consumption of maintaining a constant temperature increase during the operation of the factory The energy consumption of maintaining the constant temperature environment of animals increases The cost related to the loss and maintenance of gas supply pipeline facilities increases The operation risk of field station operators and outdoor workers increases Formulating prevention and control measures for safety and supply risks in winter under extremely cold conditions Typhoon Severe damage to power or water supply facilities for production, causing some factories' production lines and other operations to stop operatingThe construction cost increase as factories and pastures are designed to cope with strong wind Problems such as raw milk sourcing and production interruption occur in the supply chain, and the Company involves in supply interruption, compensation and legal liability Formulating a typhoon emergency relief plan Raising the flood control steps to improve the ability to resist natural disasters Extreme precipitation and flooding The risk of flooding of pastures and factories located in low-lying areas increases The physical impact of extreme precipitation on animals in raw milk supply chain affects raw milk production and quality Causing serious damage to the facilities of the enterprise Formulating emergency rescue plans for flood control and lightning protection Interconnected with the urban management information platform, greatly improving the timeliness of information acquisition Predicting and managing extreme precipitation events in advance, taking precaution measures, and relocating milk sources Extremely hot weather May affect the water and electricity consumption of production factories interference with normal production Increased heat stress reaction in cattles leads to limited raw milk production and affects milk production and quality The difficulty of keeping raw milk fresh increases in the process of transportation The possibility of food contamination and food-borne diseases increases The operating cost of ventilation, refrigeration and air conditioning in the field station increases The risk of field station operators and outdoor workers increases Financial impact According to calculations, in 2022, Mengniu invested approximately RMB600, 000 in the use and rental of generators due to the shortage of electricity caused by the dry weather. In response to the high temperature weather, factories will adjust their production strategy and activate the generator to ensure the electricity supply Developing a heat stroke emergency response plan Providing an adequate water source for cattles Ensuring the availability of high-quality feed Using more cattle sheds and shading structures Chronic physical risk Sea level rise The risk of write-off and early retirement of existing assets located in high-risk coastal areas increases, and the migration of some residential, investment and commercial activitie to inland areas affects existing markets The location, planning and design of new projects need to consider the impact of sea level rise Continuously monitor the rising trend of sea level Climate warming Fresh milk samples with regional dry period have higher degree of contamination, which increases food safety hazard The risk of heat wave, drought, and fire increases Energy consumption of gas supply facilities in winter may reduce Forming a complete cold-chain transportation supply chain Increasing the frequency of maintenance and inspection of transportation facilities 68 69 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Risk Identification and Response of Transformation Risk for Mengniu Business Under SSP1 Scenario Under the low-emission scenario, global macro policies and climate-related policies are becoming stricter, and the trend of social transition to low carbon may bring potential policy restrictions to enterprises, affecting their operations and revenues. In this context, Mengniu may face more challenges from the risks of transition. Risk Risk Description Risk Response Policies and laws Energy structure and energy use In the long term, the Country's energy mix will shift to a predominantly non-fossil energy source, while shifting energy use to low emission sources The risks and financial impacts related to policy changes depend on the nature and time frame of the policy changes Adopting high energy efficiency solutions Encouraging more measures to improve water efficiency Promoting more sustainable land and pasture use. Carbon pricing The government charges fees to carbon emitters, transfers the environmental impacts (i. e., external costs to the environment and society) caused by the emissions to the emitters and encourages them to change their business activities to reduce carbon emissions Implementing a corporate carbon-related asset management control mechanism Shifting energy use to low-emission sources Promoting comprehensive energy solutions Environmental information disclosure As climate change intensifies, measures such as carbon trading, carbon taxes, and environmental protection taxes will be implemented, and regulatory authorities will have higher requirements for the accuracy of environmental data reported by enterprises Disclosing energy consumption, carbon emissions and other data in a high-quality and transparent manner according to the rules and reporting guidelines of the regulatory agency Technology Risks in technological aspect The government generally encourages technological improvements or innovations in transitioning to a low- carbon, high-efficiency economic system, which could have a significant impact on our businesses Financial impact According to our calculation, Mengniu invested more than RMB 15 million in energy-saving facilities in 2022, mainly for energy-saving mechanical and electrical equipment upgrading, water treatment scale inhibition technological upgrading, energy consumption online monitoring, waste heat recovery, steam pipeline upgrading, etc Making active use of emerging technologies such as renewable energy, battery storage, and carbon capture and storage Reducing the carbon footprint of products Increasing green labels Market Customer preference shift Consumers are becoming more conscious of environmental protection, the low-carbon and environmental protection attributes of products become increasingly important criteria for consumption Implementing a diversified product strategy to provide more products with labels such as natural, organic and locally produced Providing environmentally conscious products that can be understood by consumers Reputation Failure to respond to the concerns of relevant parties More and more stakeholders are concerned about the climate response performance of listed companies, including but not limited to regulatory authorities, shareholders, partners, customers, the public, etc. If the Company does not take proper measures to conduct climate-related response appropriately, such as failing to timely identify legal requirements or failing to communicate with stakeholders on climate matters, may leads to the risk of damage to the Company's reputation The senior management of the Company attaches importance to the management and supervision related to climate change, and pays attention to the development of climate-related policy trends Incorporating the addressing climate change into the Company's GREEN strategy, implementing climate change response measures based on the Company's current situation, and planning future response strategies Disclosing climate-related information in accordance with the TCFD framework Strengthening communication with investors and consumersTransitional Opportunities to Address Climate Change We have carried out climate change opportunity identification and gradually planned corresponding impact assessment and response measures for the Company. Opportunity Opportunity Description Resource efficiency Through green operations such as energy saving and emission reduction, water resource management and waste management, Mengniu can directly reduce the Company's operating cost in the medium and long term, and curb global greenhouse gas emissions to a certain extent. Source of energy According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), in order to achieve global emission reduction targets, countries need to transition their primary energy sources to lower-emission renewable sources such as wind energy, solar energy, hydropower, geothermal energy and biofuels, etc. Financial impact According to calculations for this year, Mengniu purchased more than 7. 7 million kWh of green electricity in 2022, with a purchase cost of about RMB 5 million. Mengniu also invested about 14. 6MW in photovoltaic power generation projects this year. Adaptability For the dairy industry, responding to the corresponding risk management in climate change, finding green technology alternatives, improving production efficiency, designing new production processes and developing new products are all considerations for future development, only in this way can the Company diversify its products, marketing activities and enhance the resilience of traditional dairy enterprises. Products and services Promoting the development of green products vigorously, continuously innovating and developing new low-carbon products can effectively improve the industry competitive position of enterprises or organizations, such as plant-based products, etc. In addition, it can also effectively adapt to changes in consumer preferences. Year Total GHG Emissions (ten thousand tonnes of CO 2 equivalent) GHG Emission intensity (kgCO 2 equivalent kg product) 2018 110 0. 174 2019 116 0. 168 2020 127 0. 169 2021 136 0. 171 2022 143 0. 168Risk Management Mengniu has incorporated the potential climate risk into its risk assessment system, evaluated climate impacts and developed response measures. The senior management of the Company is responsible for conducting the risk assessment, and the Board of Directors of Mengniu reviews the results of the risk identification. From 2018 to 2021, the total GHG emission of the Group increased year by year, and the GHG emission intensity of products fluctuated within a reasonable range. The main reason for the increase in total GHG emission is the increase in production of the Group in 2022 under the overall strategy of Creating a New Mengniu by 2025. Mengniu is committed to continuously innovating and promoting new technologies and methods for energy saving and consumption reduction, adjusting the energy consumption structure and increasing the proportion of renewable energy use. In 2022, the GHG emission intensity decreased on an annual basis. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu GHG Emission Targets Mengniu has set carbon targets of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, and set quantitative targets for GHG emissions per tonne of dairy products in different phases. In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kg CO2e t. Phase I In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kg CO2e t. Phase II We continuously promote 15 key measures. And the proportion of renewable and clean energy increases year by year, and the carbon footprint of products decreases year by year. In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3. Phase IIIGreen Operation Mengniu actively shoulders its responsibility for environmental protection, identifies and complies with the requirements of national laws and regulations related to environmental protection. Mengniu work continuously to reduce its negative impact on the environment by improving its own green operation system, setting various environmental protection targets, as well as conducting related environmental protection measures. In accordance with 196 national comprehensive and special environmental protection laws and regulations in 22 categories, Mengniu has formulated environmental protection management policies such as Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection, Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning, Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling, Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects, and Mengniu Guidebook for Environmental Protection Compliance, aiming to ensure environmental compliance during its production and operation process. Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection as the guideline for Mengniu's green operation, has specified the environmental protection responsibilities of each functional department and business unit of the Group to ensure that the discharge of various pollutants conforms to the requirements of relevant national environmental protection laws, regulations and standards and avoid environmental pollution accidents. Environmental System Certification The Company continues promoting its environmental management system certification coverage. With the help of third-party profession, Mengniu has conducted a comprehensive diagnosis of the existing problems and promoted effective improvement according to relevant regulations and mechanisms, regulatory inspection of ecological environmental protection, and other requirements, in combination with the characteristics of the dairy industry. With the focus on major risks, Mengniu is aiming to practically improve the level of safety and environmental management. In 2022, a total of 49 factories of Mengniu were certified to ISO 14001 2018, with no serious non-conforming items were found during the audit. For general non-conforming items, we have completed 100 rectification, which have been confirmed by the third party supervising the audit. Environmental Risk Management Mengniu has conducted environmental protection risk analysis for its operations, visited and investigated its factories and pastures under Mengniu's control, and identified eight types of environmental risks, including wastewater, waste gas, feces, and solid waste, and divided these risks into 4 levels, 8 categories, and 12 risk items according to the degree of impact. Constant assessment Quaternary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary riskManure MonitoringTreatment of ranches manure Compliance of environmental testing Solid wastes Compliant treatment of hazardous waste General solid wastes Noises Factory noises Radiation Radiation safety and management Management Three simultaneous in Environmental projection Discharge permit The environmental manage- ment system certi cation Emergency management Specialized environmental protection personnelRisk Category WastewaterPrimary risk Waste gasEnvironmental Risk ItemRisk Degree Secondary risk Secondary riskElimination of coal- re boilers Odour from sewage water plant and ranchLack of facilities for pollution- prevention and control Treatment facilities for dephosphorization, and denitri cation To standardize the management of the Environmental Risk Map, the Company has developed the Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Map in combination with the actual operation of the environmental map of each business unit to define risk rectification, process supervision, risk closure, and management assessment, to promote the standardization, scientification, and normalization of Mengniu environmental risk management process. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Environmental Compliance Training As the compliance requirements for environmental protection are becoming stricter, the Company is facing growing pressure for environmental protection. The Company reinforced the control requirement especially for factories located in key area and ensure fund investment, carried out improvement and enhancement of ecological and environmental protection in strict compliance with the latest laws, regulations and standards. In 2022, the Company invested more than RMB 200 million in ecological environmental protection, completed 21 environmental protection renovation projects, and supervised the discharge of pollutants in 38 sewage treatment plants of the Group to meet the sewage discharge standards. For environmental emergencies, each business unit of the Company has prepared and documented the Environmental Emergency Response Plan, formulated training plans and drill plans for emergency response plans. Also, each business unit conducts emergency response drills and training for environmental risks on a regular basis, as well as improves emergency response facilities and materials, and regularly inspectes the integrity and effectiveness of emergency response materials, facilities and equipment. Water Use Management Focusing on the concept of Prioritizing Water Conservation and Balanced Development, Mengniu has taken Defining City, Land, People And Industry Based On Water as the management principle, to pushed forward all-rounded management of water resource. Sustainable Development Committee oversees the Company's water resource issue. This platform has set a checkpoint activity for 10 major daily behaviors of sustainability in 4 categories including green commuting, green office, green living, and green public welfare, to transform the Group's GREEN strategy into employees' daily activities. Among the carbon reduction value, 145 kgCO 2e of scope II emission will be reduced through power saving measures such as turning off lights and 10, 885 kgCO 2e of scope III emission will be reduced through employee's green commuting, office consumables saving and other measures. In addition, through value chain carbon reduction measures including emloyee activities such as clean-dish action, using own cup, bottle recycling, used clothing donation, and other employees' independent carbon reduction actions, the platform have avoided or reduced greenhouse gas emissions in the value chain of 26, 764 kgCO 2e. Ningxia Inner Mongolia 5 Shandong Shaanxi Heilongjiang (2) Shanxi Henan Liaoning Hebei 6 SichuanGuangdongHubei 2 JiangsuAnhui 2 BeijingTianjinZhejiangYunnan 0. 00. 51. 01. 52. 02. 53. 04. 04. 55. 0 3. 5Water scarcity Flood probability Water quality Ecological status Biodiversity The number shown in parentheses represents the number of production bases in this areaWe continue reducing the pressure on local water resources influenced by our production operations by drawing water resource map and water flow map, putting into practice the 3U water-saving strategy, implementing water conservation demonstrations, and other activities. In 2022, Mengniu consumed 28. 2433 million tonnes of water, discharged 28. 062 million tonnes of reclaimed water, saved 859, 700 tonnes of water (including 421, 600 tonnes in social water savings). Meanwhile, Mengniu reused about 2. 257 million tonnes of reclaimed water, with a reclaimed fresh water reuse rate of 7. 5 and a utilization rate of 8 for alternative water resources. Mengniu's water consumption intensity in 2022 was 305. 02 tonnes of water consumed per million yuan revenue. In 2022, Mengniu's fresh water consumption per tonne of dairy product decreased by 1. 54 compared to 2021 and 3. 53 compared to 2020. 74 75 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Water Flow Map We started from the whole process of water resource utilization and drew the water flow map to systematically carry out water conservation management, explore water-saving potential, form water resource risk warning maps, and guide the implementation of water-saving technology upgrades. U Water-Saving Strategy Mengniu has implemented the 3U Water- Saving Strategy for the refined management of water resource. This year, we implemented 15 water-saving renovative measures to systematically explore the water-saving potential and achieve optimum efficiency of water resource utilization. In 2022, A TPM pilot factory received JIPM9 Excellence Award Category B certification. Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance, JIPMWater Use Management of Room Temperature Business Unit In 2022, Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit achieved an average water utilization rate of over 50. More than 90 of the factories achieved full recycling of the multi-media forward flushing water More than 90 of factories recycled the cooling water of degassing tanks More than 60 of the factories adopted the purified water RO (Reverse Osmosis) membrane for recycling and reuse More than 70 of factories recycled the cooling water of aseptic tanks More than 50 of factories recycled the cooling water of pumps More than 40 of the factories recycled the flushing water. Recycling of milk concentrated water In the process of the dehydration of milk, all the concentrated water that meets the requirements and standards for the water replenishment of the cooling tower is recycled to the power refrigeration system through pipelines, and then the water of all the condensers of the system and the cooling tower are connected to the water supply pipes, with excess water used for water replenishment of the cooling tower. In this way, we reduced water consumption by about 14, 000 tonnes during the year. Recovery of cooling water from UHT degassing tanks and crankcases of homogenizers All factories have achieved a recovery rate of 80 for the cooling water from degassing tanks and homogenizers, reducing 1. 2 million tonnes of cooling water discharge in total in the year. Recovery of flushing water and reverse osmosis concentrated water of multi-media tanks Tongliao and Tai'an factories have been equipped with recycled water reverse osmosis device to recover the forward flushing water from the multi-media tanks and the concentrated water produced by purified water RO (Reverse Osmosis) units. The treated water can reach the quality standards for softened water and is recycled to the softened water storage tank, achieving a recovery rate of more than 50 and a daily water recovery of more than 200 tonnes. Reuse of reclaimed water The Luannan factory has recycled the treated sewage to the power factory as cooling water to improve the utilization efficiency of water resources; the Bameng plant has worked with surrounding power plants in reusing reclaimed water. Water Use Management of Chilled Product Business Unit Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit has identified water loss with a digital energy system, conducted technology and management upgrades for water recycle. CIP renovation and upgrade of Chilled Product Business Unit Meishan factory The factory has realized the reuse of reclaimed flushing water by equipping water recovery tanks, saving about 60 tonnes of waterper day; meanwhile, it has optimized the number of the backward flushing water treatment equipment and adjusted the time interval for backward flushing from 72 hours to 168 hours, saving about 30 tonnes of water per backward flush. Water Use Management of Ice Cream Product Business Unit Mengniu Ice Cream Product Business Unit has sorted out and analyzed monthly water consumption and organized relevant functional departments to refine and comb the workshop cleaning process, aiming to discover energy waste points and solve problems such as water loss and low water production rate in plants. In 2022, five types of excessive cleaning problems were identified during the sorting and analysis process and all of these problems were solved and optimized. Reuse of reclaimed water The reclaimed water from the factories has been recycled for greenery watering, toilet flushing, and other purposes, saving about 6, 500 tonnes of water. AWS10 Water Management Certification Program Pilot In 2022, Mengniu benchmarked international sustainable water management standards, selected two typical factories to implement the AWS certification project, and systematically improved the level of water resource management while exploring water-saving potential. opportunities of water saving water consumption warningwater reusewater treatmentfresh water soft water pure water area of water use water treatment technique ow of waste water1. 9 laboratory12. 7 batching system 0. 18 water for laboratory6. 51 water for greeningcleaning water reclaimed water waste water compliance dischargesecondary concentrated waterforward ushing waterbackward ushing watermultimedia ltrationpure water primary concentrated water 10. 5 sanitizing system6. 25 cooling system4. 58 heating system6. 95 refrigerating system3 45. 5 CIP system1 reverse osmosis ltration re ned ltrationsafeguard ltrationsoftening ltration73. 78 11. 62 14. 6 soft waterwaste water waste water treatmentpurchased steamboiler steamdeaerating process fresh watercondensed water 4. 93 water for domestic use 10. The organization uses and promotes frameworks for sustainable water use and certifies and rewards good water management performance. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Online Monitoring System for Sewage In 2022, the Company continued optimizing the online environment monitoring platform, supervised whether the pollutant discharge from the Group's wastewater treatment stations met the standards through a unified control platform, and guaranteed that the terminal effluent met national and local standards for the concentration and total volume of pollutant discharge, thereby ensuring legal and compliant discharge. The Room Temperature Business Unit has renovated the sewage treatment capacity of the sewage plant under the condition that the production scale and capacity have been expanded. After the completion of the renovation, the treatment indicator of sewage is better than the regulatory requirements, and the treatment capacity of the sewage plant has increased by 2, 000 tonnes per day. The Chilled Product Business Unit has implemented reduction measures from the source of sewage, utilized the biogas generated from the anaerobic system of the sewage plant to heat a 90 C hot water boiler and adopted low-temperature sludge drying technology to reduce the sludge water content from 80 to less than 35. This measure significantly reduced the sludge water content, which reduced the volume of the sludge by more than 80, making the compliance risk of sludge disposal was also reduced. Waste and Wastewater Management Mengniu regards waste and wastewater management as an important environmental action and follows various environment- related regulatory requirements. The Company has also formulated management policies such as the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System and the Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge, constructed and maintained pollution prevention and control facilities, and monitored and managed the pollutant discharges. Meanwhile, Mengniu treats non-hazardous waste and hazardous waste through qualified service providers to ensure compliance disposal. In 2022, the sewage treatment capacity of Mengniu reached 30. 179 million tonnes, Mengniu's hazardous waste intensity was 0. 004 tonnes of hazardous waste generated per million yuan revenue, and general waste intensity was 0. 55 tonnes of general waste generated per million yuan revenue. Zero-Waste Management System In 2022, Mengniu optimized its waste management and launched the certification of waste zero-waste management system. The Shangzhi factory of Mengniu Room Temperature Business Unit and the two Qingyuan factories, which have integrated four business units of room temperature, chilled, ice cream and fresh milk, improved the planning of the waste management module based on ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and obtained the first batch of Zero-Waste Factory Certification issued by T V Rheinland, an independent third-party testing, inspection and certification organization based in Germany. The management system traced the flow of all waste, checked and audited the waste compliance management, sorted out the proof materials of waste discharges, and established related database. Meanwhile, these factories have identified and tracked their waste reduction, recycling, energy use and other conversion processes, and managed recyclable waste to further avoid landfill or incineration without energy recovery. Zero-Waste Office In 2022, Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit launched the zero-waste office project to raise employees' cognition of climate change and strengthen their awareness of environmental protection in the office scenario. The zero- waste office project follows the principles of source reduction, reuse and recycling, and engages all employees in terms of sustainable office environment, low-carbon public operations, and green work and lifestyle. We identified 5 major scenarios, implemented 38 projects, and adopted specific measures, such as cancelling disposable bottled water offered in meetings and reducing the number of takeout meals, to advocate low-carbon offices and lifestyle in an all-rounded manner. Zero Waste Day - stationery made from discarded packaging during the employee family day 78 79 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Environment- Carbon Net-Zero Under the concept of lifecycle design and production, Mengniu reduces the use of resources, manage the influence of packaging on the environment throughout the whole lifecycle, and put the concept of sustainable developmen into practice, by optimizing packaging materials, adding recycling labels, recycling packaging, and taking other management measures. Compared with other food packaging, dairy packaging requires more effective light insulation, heat insulation, impact resistance, microbial invasion resistance, aseptic filling and other necessary functions. In addition, customers' demand for function upgrading such as easy to drink during travels, easy to open and pour, repeat sealing, also needs to be met. Green Packaging Practices of Room Temperature Business Unit During the design of the packaging of Just Yoghurt's Yummy Version prefabricated cups, full consideration has been given to its environmental protection feature. As a result, one-piece injection molding is adopted for scoop and retaining ring to eliminate the use of wrapping film, which is expected to reduce the use of 750kg of plastic. Green Packaging Practices of Chilled Product Business Unit Minimizing the use of PS sheets for the circular cups, and saving 314 tonnes of PS sheets by improving equipment. Future Star 180ml Student Milk Beverage The label material has been changed from PVC to PETG. By replacing PVC with PETG, we can reduce the emission of toxic gas caused by landfill and incineration, and PETG is more environmentally friendly. The PETG label is easier to be peeled off from the HDPE bottle, which is good for recycling. The HDPE bottle is made of single material without any additives, which can be 100 recycled. Mengniu Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk 250ml The back label material has been changed from aluminized BOPP to double-transparent BOPP, and the double- layer printing has been changed to single-layer printing to reduce the ink printing area. The material of self-adhesive label has been changed from composite material to single material, which has reduced the area of ink printing and lowered the complexity of recycling, thereby reducing the environmental pollution caused by ink. Mengniu Yoyi C 340ml 330ml The bottle cap is made of PE and has been changed from a variety of specifications of 3. 5g to 4. 5g to a uniform specification of 3. 2g. The bottle is made of PE and has been changed from a variety of specifications of 27g to 29g to a uniform specification of 23. 4g. The label material changed from 45UM PVC to 45UM PET; No less than 16 of recycled plastic has been added to the outer packaging film, reducing its thickness by more than 10, thereby decreasing the use of virgin materials. Mengniu Yoyi C 100g The PS material, which is not conducive to recycling, has been changed to PP material, which is easy to recycle. The bottle label of PETG material has been removed, and the product information is directly engraved on the bottle to reduce the use of plastic. Honors Mengniu's multiple products won the Outstanding Contribution Award for Best Practice Case of the Golden Design Rules at the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF). The Mengniu low-carbon Yoyi C case was awarded the China Green Point Case 2022 by the China Business Network, becoming a pioneering demonstration of low carbon and environmental- friendly packaging. Mengniu's product packagings' design included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets Recycle mL mL 80 81 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Recycling Packaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and even all the consumer goods companies in practicing environmental protection. Mengniu is committed to using more recycled materials and promoting the recycling of packaging to realize the conversion of packaging waste into recycled resources, thus reducing the environmental pollution caused by packaging. As a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to- Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which fills the gap of the standards for the easy-to-collect and easy-to-recycle design of plastic products in China. In the past two years, Mengniu continued making efforts to optimize the packaging design to make plastic packaging easier to collect and recycle. In 2022, the Company launched the Double Easy Standard certification for packaging, covering 2 product lines and 10 factories. At present, the packaging of Mengniu Fruit Milk Drink and Yoyi C has been awarded the Double certification by T V Rheinland. Room Temperature Business Unit has achieved that recyclable packaging accounts for over 95 of total packaging weight. A total of 172, 500 times of PP circulation boxes were used throughout the year, with a cumulative carbon reduction of 93. 5 tonnes, equivalent to saving 620 trees from cutting down. Through such a warm, green-themed public outreach action, Shiny Meadow hopes to enable the public to deeply recognize the possibilities of recycled waste PET, call on more people to protect the global environment in daily life, and also fully interpret the responsibility of an industry leader in protecting the ecological environment. The annual cumulative use of PP circulation box achived 550, 000 times, with a cumulative carbon reduction of 423. 6 tonnes. Fresh Milk Business Unit Adding recycling labels to the packaging of the various products of Modern Meadow to facilitate package recycling, and holding consumer education program on packaging recycling of Shiny Meadow products. PCR an environment-friendly packaging material that is made from recycled plastics Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu is committed to practicing the concept of sustainable development together with partners in the industry chain to create more social and environmental value while realizing commercial value. Under the Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable pillar of the GREEN strategy, the Company has formulated three topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation, aiming to build a responsible supply chain, explore green ecological agriculture, protect the natural environment, and cooperate with upstream and downstream partners to jointly realize the sustainable development of the industry ecosystem. Sustainable ProcurementSustainable AgricultureHighlights in 2022 Sustainable Procurement The total number of suppliers was 1, 346, including 1, 333 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 13 overseas suppliers. The internal audit coverage rate for suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material has reached 100. Joined the responsible business platform Sedex, and all the strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material completed self-assessment the self-assessment questionnaire. Among them, 21 strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary material completed the third-party audit of SMETA. The coverage rate of supplier training reached 100. All raw material and auxiliary materials purchased have obtained ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, BRCGS and other international standard system certifications. of virgin paper for inner packaging has obtained the Forest Stewardship Council(FSC) certification, 100 of the carton boxes for external packaging are made from recycled paper. All palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. Sustainable Agriculture Participated in the compilation and publication of the pasture-related group standards Heat Stress Prevention and Control Standard for Dairy Cattle (T DACS 007-2022) and Regulations for quality and production of whole corn silage (T DACS 006-2022). The Shanghe Farm from China Modern Dairy of Mengniu was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Products certification for its management practices in the field of animal welfare. pastures from China Shengmu of Mengniu were awarded the title of S-Level Dairy Farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation and Grading, and 5 were awarded China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. A total of 18 cooperative farms were awarded the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs. Mengniu's subsidiary China Modern Dairy promoted manure treatment system and recycling model to build a green recycling industry chain of feed planting-dairy farming-manure treatment-manure return to the farmland (biogas power generation)- feed planting. Mengniu's biodiversity reservation case was selected in the Corporate Biodiversity Conservation Cases released by the 15th Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15). SDGs We Focused in this Section Biodiversity Conservation 84 85 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Admission Management Admission regulations All new suppliers are required to go through the supplier admission procedures before cooperating with Mengniu. Supplier admission is valid for 3 years, during which, suppliers are also required to execute re-admission work. On-site assessments In accordance with the primary screening criteria and more than 120 detailed assessment criteria covering quality assurance, production management, personnel management, warehousing, and logistics, the on-site assessments will be conducted at the premises of suppliers to verify whether they meet the admission requirements. Supplier Management Process Daily Management File management In order to ensure the validity of supplier information, we update supplier qualifications, the directory and other file materials in our supplier information management system on a regular basis. Verification and inspection upon arrival We inspect the arrived materials according to material standards and quality control plans to verify their compliance. Prevention and Improvement Material improvement We grade the risk level of suppliers based on risk factor assessment and risk assessment models, and develop material and supplier control principles to control the pre-existing risks of upstream suppliers. Daily evaluation We implement daily evaluation according to supplier evaluation principles to improve the supplier management level. Project improvement We set up project and implement specified improvement measures in accordance with the prerequisites and management principles of the project. Quality audit In the process of cooperation, we establish annual supplier audit plan and carry out quality inspection based on the quality risk level of suppliers. Mengniu continues promoting the construction of a responsible supply chain, expanding its sustainability requirements to the upstream and downstream of supply chain, and keeps improving its level of management to suppliers. In 2022, Mengniu joined the responsible business platform Sedex12, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by benchmarking international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of Mengniu's suppliers was 1, 34613, including a total of 1, 333 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 13 overseas suppliers. Sedex (Supplier Ethical Data Exchange platform) It is a responsible business platform with global authority and is dedicated to enhancing the responsible and sustainable development of global supply chains and promoting the coordinated and balanced development of the commercial, social and environmental performance of supply chains. The number of suppliers refers to the number of raw material and auxiliary material, and raw milk suppliers having actual transactions with Mengniu in current year. Assessment Items Main Assessment Content Unacceptable items Laws, regulations and requirements for food safety management Quality planning Policies and objectives, leadership and commitment, system establishment, food safety management Quality assurance Compliance management, document management, internal audit, change management Quality prevention Food protection, food quality fraud, emergency response Procurement and supply Supplier management, raw material and auxiliary material management, chemical management, outsourcing management Infrastructures Factory location planning, workshop infrastructures, sanitary fixtures, air, water and energy, waste disposal, safety and environmental protection Production management Design and development, process management, cleaning and sterilization, product planning, traceability management, cross contamination, pest control Equipment management Equipment configuration, equipment maintenance, measurement management Warehousing logistics Storage management, release management, transportation management Inspection management Laboratory facilities, inspection equipment, inspection drugs, inspection methods, inspection accuracy, sample retention management Non-conforming product managementDisposal of non-conforming products, complaint and customer communication, recall management Personnel management Personnel qualification, personnel training, social responsibility Quality informationization Digitization on quality informationSupply Chain Responsibility Management Mengniu adheres to the procurement principles of open, fair, and equitable, continually improves its supplier management system and assesses the ESG risks of suppliers to reduce the environmental and social risks in the supply chain. Whole-Process Management of Suppliers We have formulated a number of supplier management rules and regulations, clarified the responsibilities of each department, and implemented hierarchical and differentiated management of in 4 modules including from supplier admission, daily management, improvement, performance and optimization aiming to build a complete quality management system covering the whole life cycle of procurement and supply. In 2022, by integrating 9 existing procurement management systems and taking in account nearly 100 opinions from business departments, the Company completed the revise of the Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, which covers 4 modules, 17 management steps and 17 specific operation procedures. In addition, according to the Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, we have put forward an explicit requirement that all suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials shall have at least one quality management system certification, including but not limited to ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, and BRCGS. In 2022, 100 of the raw material and auxiliary material suppliers obtained quality management system certification. Sustainable Procurement Quality management system certification-ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, BRCGS 100 of the raw material and auxiliary material suppliers obtained quality management system certification. suppliers in total overseas suppliers suppliers in the Chinese mainland 86 87 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable In addition, Mengniu has formulated the Product Traceability Management System, established a traceability management mechanism covering the whole process from the reception of raw material, and auxiliary materials, and raw milk to sales outlets, and built a SAP traceability system covering all suppliers, so as to ensure that raw materials of our products can be traced back to the place of origin. In 2022, in accordance with the various sustainable development requirements of the responsible business platform Sedex and in combination with the Mengniu GREEN sustainable development strategy, the Company revised the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) and required all upstream and downstream partners to sign with their suppliers and gradually reach agreements on environmental protection, health and safety, labor rights, human rights, business ethics and other aspects specified under the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC). Performance and Optimization Quality performance evaluation We conduct performance evaluation for materials provided by cooperative suppliers according to the Standards for Evaluating the Quality Performance of Suppliers and the evaluation dimensions include material index, quality evaluation, quality disposal, and other aspects. Quality performance results We regard the results of quality performance evaluation as the main basis for performance grading, daily evaluation, quality improvement and enhancement of suppliers, and formulate corresponding reward and punishment mechanism and management measures to implement differentiated supplier management. The performance evaluation is conducted once a year. Supplier optimization According to the Supplier Management Rules, we continually optimizing our supplier management capability by adopting 6 progressively strict performance control mechanisms, including quality assessment, supplier interview procurement ratio adjustment, suspension and rectification of procurement cooperation termination and withdrawal of procurement cooperation and supplier blacklisting. Supplier Risk Assessment The Company has established the Mengniu Responsibility Supply Chain ESG Risk List and incorporated the ESG management content of supply chain into bidding documents, assessment and evaluation, and other control links. ESG Risk Identification In the process of supplier ESG risk identification, risk management interface personnel of each business department to conduct risk impact factor analysis about business objectives, risk management processes, and risk mitigation execution processes, so as to conduct specific risk identification. ESG Risk Assessment In the risk assessment process, we sort out key risk points from the identified risk items according to the Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form, and assess the risk level of each risk point by reference to the Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form. ESG Risk Response In the risk response process, we conduct risk response analysis to clarify the coping strategies for major risks, and the department or personnel assuming the main responsibility for such major risks shall develop response plans. In addition, we actively carry out supplier audits, aiming to further lower the ESG risks of the supply chain. In addition, we have incorporated the content of guidelines and conventions issued by international authorities to which we adhere into the supplier audit process, and set supplier assessment standards that are stricter than regulatory requirements. By the end of 2022, the internal audit rate of our raw material and auxiliary material suppliers reached 100. In 2022, we utilized the responsible business platform Sedex to assess the sustainable development and social responsibility management systems of our core suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials. We have required all our strategic suppliers of raw material and auxiliary materials to fill in and update the Sedex SAQ14 questionnaire on the Sedex platform, aiming to grade the sustainable development capacity and risk level of suppliers by pre-screening supplier risks and assessing the maturity of their environmental and social management systems. In the future, we will continue promoting suppliers to implement third-party responsible supply chain audits SMETA15 (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit), thereby further reducing the ESG risks in our supply chain. Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) The Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) of Mengniu covers the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Implementing the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy Framework, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Core Conventions of the International Labor Organization and other international standards and criteria, and aims to effectively manage suppliers from the environmental, social and governance aspects. Sedex SAQ (Self-Assessment Questionnaire) It's a supplier self-assessment questionnaire issued by the Sedex platform, which integrates the risk levels of suppliers' sustainable development and the maturity of their management systems and classifies suppliers by star-rating criteria. SMETA (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit) social responsibility supply chain audit It is a supplier audit standard adopted by the Sedex platform, which contains detailed requirements for suppliers on protection of labor rights, occupational health and safety, environment and business ethics. high risk items9 Supplier ESG risk identi cation audit rate 100 the internal audit rate of raw and auxiliary material suppliers 88 89 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Mengniu has been actively advocate the culture of integrity in the supply chain and build an institutionalized supplier integrity management system. On the basis of following the Regulations for Business Partner Compliance Management and the Measures for Implementing Sunshine Agreement, the Company ensures incorrupt procurement by signing Sunshine Agreement with suppliers. As of 2022, 100 of Mengniu's suppliers had signed the Sunshine Agreement. Among them, suppliers blacklisted for violating the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently banned, while other blacklisted suppliers will be banned for five years. In addition, we have set up channels for reporting and complaining about supplier-related integrity issues, and announced the reporting methods through email, meetings, service platforms and other channels. In addition, we also develop special improvement plans for suppliers with poor ESG performance to promote the mutual growth of our supplier partners and Mengniu. By the end of 2022, the coverage rate of Mengniu's supplier training reached 100. Mengniu practices the concept of green procurement of raw materials, traces the origin of raw materials, gives priority to raw material suppliers with sustainability- related certification, as well as promotes suppliers to conduct certification for the raw materials they provide, to continuously reducing potential deforestation risk. The Rainforest Alliance of World Economic Forum (WEF) It is an international rainforest conservation organization that advances the sustainable management of rainforests and the development of communities around forests by promoting cooperation between businesses and governments. Members of the Working Group are committed to sourcing and using the sustainable sources of timber, palm oil, and other forest commodities. RSPO (Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil) It is an international organization consisting of palm oil producers, traders, consumers and environmental protection organizations, with the aim of maintaining the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) cultivation, processing and trade links, and progressively achieving the sustainable development of palm oil products. For raw milk suppliers, Mengniu has implemented strict management processes by formulating management documents covering raw milk quality management, standardized pasture operations, green farm operations, and other aspects. Relying on the Ranch Quality and Safety Management System, Mengniu has implemented standardized management of the entire process for all cooperative farms. In addition, to strictly standardize the operation processes of pastures, we have also formulated the Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and the Technical Service Regulations of Milk Source Business Divisions for Basic Ranch, covering various processes such as pasture design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, herd management and milk parlor management. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Palm Oil Part of Mengniu's products adopt palm oil as a raw material for production. In 2022, Mengniu's revenue from products added with palm oil accounted for approximately 3. 52 of the Company's main business income. During the year, all palm oil products purchased by Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, have been certified by RSPO Identity Preserved Supply Chain Model. We played an influential role in the construction of animal welfare standard system and strictly controlled the use of veterinary drugs in cooperative farms to continuously improve the welfare of their cows. At the same time, Mengniu deepened industry communication and cooperation, and continuously participating in the compilation of animal welfare-related group standards. In terms of silage quality control, we promoted a rating assessment system for whole plant corn silage during the production in terms of process quality, physical sensory, nutritional composition and health index risk. We then implemented standardized management based on the assessment results. For cattle welfare, we clarified the configuration, installation, operation and management requirements for heat stress prevention and control facilities in the dairy farming process by getting involved in the standard development work, and standardized the standard system for cattle nutrition adjustment strategy, production management strategy, and heat stress assessment, aiming to reduce the impact of heat stress in the dairy farming industry and protect the production performance and feeding economic benefits of cattle. Soybean Products The upstream pastures of Mengniu use soybean meal, which is a by-product generated after extracting soybean oil from soybeans and can be used as cattle feed. Mengniu has actively communicates with its soybean meal suppliers to jointly explore methods to gradually trace the origin of soybeans in the future and prioritize the purchase of soybeans that are free from deforestation risks. Meanwhile, Mengniu has been actively explores and promotes the use of alternative feed of soybean meal to reduce its use. For example, we have increased the use of alternative feeds such as rapeseed meal, cottonseed meal and puffing soybean powder as lactating cattle feeds, and increased the proportion of feeds such as sesame meal for breeding cattle. In 2022, all soybean meal feed from China Shengmu was resourced from organic soybean planting areas without deforestation risk and land conversion risk. FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) It is an international management organization for forest sustainable development that encourages companies to implement sustainable forest management models by certifying forest management and timber products, so as to protect biodiversity and the rights of the communities where forests locate. PEFC (Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification) It is an international non-profit, non-governmental organization that strives for sustainable forest management through independent third-party forest certification. Timber Products Mengniu gives priority to purchasing timber products that have obtained internationally recognized sustainability certifications such as FSC19, PEFC20 and CFCC21 forest certification, and actively uses recycled paper products. In 2022, 82 of virgin paper for inner packaging has obtained the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification; 100 of the carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Veterinary Drug Management Training and Empowerment Five Measures for Veterinary Medicine Management All veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage. Dosed cattle must be marked di erently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period. Pastures are required to establish a comprehensive list of veteri- nary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicat- ed roles to manage them. Farm Animal Welfare Practices Modern Dairy obtained the certification of Farm Animal Welfare Product Modern Dairy of Mengniu, set up the Cow Comfort Management System, focusing on reducing herd stress factors, solving various problems in the barn environment, reducing various energy losses of cattle caused by uncomfortable environment and achieving a healthy and productive status of cattle. In the process of cattle transportation, Modern dairy required transport vehicles to keep a steady speed below 80 km h and avoid emergency braking. In addition, it set up a supervisor accompanying each vehicle or a group of fellow vehicles to check the slipping situation of cattle every 2 hours and pick up the slipping cattle in time. In 2022, Modern Dairy's Shanghe pasture was awarded the Farm Animal Welfare Product certification according to the China Association for the Promotion of International Agricultural Cooperation's T CAI 004-2021 Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows group standard, based on its various management practices in animal welfare such as cattle feeding, barn health management and cattle psychological health. China Shengmu Awarded S Grade Farm China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, highly values animal welfare and adopts a low-density, low-stress, high-quality feeding method and is committed to providing the most comfortable living environment for cattle. In 2022, 9 dairy farms of China Shengmu were awarded S-Level Dairy Farm in Modern Dairy Industry Evaluation and Grading and 5 dairy farms were certified by China Good Agricultural Practice (GAP). The number of selected dairy farms led the domestic industry. Management of Veterinary Drug Use Mengniu insists on the veterinary drug (including antibiotics) control principle of Reduced Use and No Antibiotics, guiding the standardized use of veterinary drugs on pastures and requiring all veterinarians on farms to strictly comply with the Animal Epidemic Prevention Law and sign the Mengniu Commitment for the Use of the Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs. Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management cooperative pastures won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs Strictly prohibit the use of drugs banned in China or internationally, and post the banned list to the cooperative farm. In 2022, we conducted regular training on the use of veterinary drugs focusing on laws and regulations related to veterinary drugs, the safe use of veterinary drugs, the management of dosed cattle and the detection and identification of risky veterinary drugs to guide cattle in the scientific and standardized use of veterinary drugs. By the end of 2022, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugs, covering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners. In addition, we continued promoting the reduction of antimicrobial drugs on pastures. In 2022, 4 cooperative pastures won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs and a total of 18 farms were awarded this title. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Resourceful Utilization of Manure Mengniu considers promoting the resourceful use of manure on pastures as an important part of our efforts to achieve regenerative agriculture. Meanwhile, we encouraged pastures to use manure and cooperate to support the resource utilization of manure on pastures. Mengniu's cooperative farms have all realized the resourceful utilization of manure. Regenerative Agriculture Management Mengniu adheres to the development concept of Ecology First and Green Development, highly advocates the construction of ecologically- friendly pastures, actively promotes the recycling of natural resources on pastures, explores and practices renewable agriculture. Mengniu required raw milk suppliers to strictly comply with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, the Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. Mengniu formulated the Review Rules for Milk Supplier Access to integrate environmental protection requirements into the whole life cycle management process of pastures, including pasture certification, selection, audit, performance management and feed selection and make clear of the requirements. In addition, we formulated the Farm Environmental Protection Management Regulations to promote the reduction of environmental impacts of pastures and facilitate the construction of low-carbon emission pastures. At the same time, we continued improving the management of farm feed procurement and proposing water pollution management requirements for pasture feed suppliers, requiring suppliers to develop appropriate management plans for pollutants (wastewater, waste gas, noise, solid waste and so on) emitted during production, activities or services and to take effective measures to meet national or local emission standards or relevant environmental protection standards. Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to local resources and purchasing corn kernels, silage corn, pressed corn, straw and other products from the surrounding area of the pasture to reduce carbon emissions from feed transportation and promote local economic development. We encouraged suppliers to establish a base22 management system covering environmental factors, regularly monitor and investigate the quality of soil, water and air, periodically monitor the quality of base raw materials and routinely summarize and evaluate the status and results of base management. In addition, we strictly arranged the safety dosing interval of drugs and the dosage of drugs, strictly scheduled quarantine periods and do not use pesticides, veterinary drugs and other agricultural inputs banned by China. Base refers to dairy cow breeding and production areas such as farms, pastures and factories. Modern Dairy Realized Comprehensive Utilization of Manure Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously promoting the resourceful recycling of manure, setting the goal of no waste discharge and building a green recycling industrial chain of Feed planting-Dairy farming-Manure treatment-Manure return to the farmland (Biogas power generation)-Feed planting. It collects cattle manure, adopting resource-based comprehensive utilization of anaerobic fermentation treatment mode. The output of biogas power is generated for heating, the digestate is dried and returned to the lying bed, and liquid fertilizer methane is used in the field to plant forage, striving to build energy self-sufficiency, resource recycling of modern and efficient pastures. In 2022, the RNG (Renewable Natural Gas) renewable natural gas cogeneration project carried out by Modern Dairy in cooperation with Central Southern China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd. of China Power Engineering Consulting Group was put into production. The project adopted cow manure as raw materials, after resource was processed into methane, and through the generator set for power generation. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity conservation is an important part of Mengniu's practice of sustainable development. We promoted the vision of biodiversity conservation of From the Nature for the Future by carrying out forest conservation actions, implementing biodiversity conservation practices and promoting biodiversity consensus. In 2022, all construction sites managed by Mengniu involved no deforestation risk. Actions on Biodiversity Conservation Mengniu values the impact of its business development on biodiversity and integrates biodiversity conservation into its production operations. In 2022, Mengniu actively participated in international biodiversity conferences, carried out a number of biodiversity public welfare advocacy activities, and leveraged its brand influence to work with consumers to raise awareness of biodiversity conservation. At the same time, China Shengmu continuously reinforced the water saving management of the whole industrial chain, increased infrastructure investment, built water storage reservoirs, brought the Yellow River water discharged into the organic planting base located in desert during the flooding period into the organic planting base, planted trees and grasses in the desert and balanced the use of groundwater. Mengniu promises to gradually increase the proportion of sustainable certification for paper bags and palm oil and to increase the proportion of traceable soybean meal to set a benchmark for global corporate biodiversity conservation. In 2022, Mengniu promoted its partner farms to plant more than 200, 000 trees. Mengniu Biodiversity Conservation Strategy Five actions To implement ecological conservation and preservation of milk source areasTo practice environment-friendly green production To promote the whole industrial chain to move towards carbon neutralityTo develop sustainable planting and breeding To reach a consensus on biodiversity among relevant partiesThree methods Striving to reduce threats to biodiversitySustainably using biodiversity resourcesBuilding consensus on biodiversityOne vision From the Nature For the Future Eight commitments Take positive actions to promote ecosystem restoration of cooperative farms. All operation sites are conserved ecologically in an e ective and equal manner. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu Selected in the COP15 Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases Bellamy's Blue Planet Public Welfare Project for Biodiversity Conservation Bellamy, a subsidary of Mengniu, joined with the China Environmental Protection Foundation to create the Blue Planet biodiversity conservation public welfare education project. The project is aimed at preschool children and elementary school students by establishing an ecological teaching base to carry out educational and entertaining interactive experiences and ecological education practice activities. In 2022, the Blue Planet public welfare project held 20 activities and recruited about 400 groups of families to participate in the offline courses. In 2022, Mengniu's Milk Deluxe and the China Environmental Protection Foundation jointly launched the Guarding Ulan Buh project, carrying out a series of public welfare actions focusing on the biodiversity of the desert region, aiming to develop the Ulan Buh Desert into a rich oasis where People and Nature Live Together in Harmony. By organizing scientific volunteers to set up infrared cameras in the field and conducting community interviews, we monitored birds and wild animals living in the key survey areas of the Ulan Buh Desert and produced several biodiversity reports of wild animals and their habitats. Shengmu's Nature Education on Desert Public Welfare Research Project Shengmu organic brand, a brand of Mengniu, together with the China Siyuan Foundation for Poverty Alleviation, launched the 3060 Carbon Neutral Forest Adoption Program - Nature Education on Desert Public Welfare Project, cooperating in the Nature Education on Desert. The project allowed children from all over the country to hike, travel, explore and plant trees in the Shengmu Ulan Buh Desert Base to experience desert management by themselves, learn practical desert knowledge and build awareness of desert protection. By the end of 2022, we have completed the first Survey Record of Guarding Ulan Buh in August 2022, which revealed that the Vormela Peregusna, listed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, the Vulpes Corsac, a class II national key protected wild animal, and the Platalea Leucorodia, a national key protected animal, have all appeared in the oasis of the Ulan Buh Desert. In addition, we launched a limited edition package of Milk Deluxe Desert Animals & Desert - Organic World Earth Day on the World Earth Day, guiding consumers to pay attention to the issue of biodiversity conservation. During the meeting, the China Corner Meeting, themed Accelerating Business Action for Biodiversity Conservation in China, released the Business Biodiversity Conservation Cases, and Mengniu's Ulan Buh Desert Organic Farm project was selected as an industry best practice in the case collection, providing reference cases to guide Chinese corporates in biodiversity conservation. A r l a mL Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu is committed to providing consumers around the world with nutritious and delicious dairy products of excellent quality, and to bringing nutritious and healthy living to every family. Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, excellent quality and good services are set to cater for the various health needs, to continuously guarantee the improvement of product quality and lead a better life. SDGs We Focused in this Section Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesHighlights in 2022 Nutrition and Health Developed the Mengniu Product Sugar Control Guidelines and Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products to comprehensively promote nutrition and health research, aiming to provide better quality nutrition and health products. laboratories of Mengniu were granted CNAS accreditation certificates, with the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu actively responded to the Healthy China 2030 Blueprint and formulated policy documents such as the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021-2025), the Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products and the Mengniu Product Sugar Control Guidelines to promote nutrition and health comprehensively. Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products After a lot of research and investigation, we formulated the Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products (the Standards ), aiming to provide scientific and reasonable technical support for innovative product development and product improvement and upgrading. The Standards includes product categories, added nutrients and nutrient thresholds for different groups of people. The involved product categories are pure fresh milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, modulated milk powder, processed cheese and milk containing beverages. The Standards are the basic requirements that must be met by the Company's nutrition and health products and are applied to specific product quality standards as the basis for daily product release. Healthy Products Mengniu implemented the 14th Five-Year Plan for Food Safety Standards, Monitoring and Evaluation issued by the National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China in 2022 and promoted the minus goal of reducing oil, salt and sugar and the plus effect of nutritious and healthy food. In 2022, Mengniu launched a total of 194 new products. In 2022, the company referred and used external authoritative standards, sorted out the company's product nutrition standards and updated the nutrition product information. Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2022 Notes Low-sodium and low-fat products are products classified according to GB28050-2011 National Standard on Food Safety National Label Standards for Pre-packaged Food. Organic products are products certified as organic products in China. Enriched nutrient products are products classified according to GB14880-2012 National Food Safety Standard for the Use of Nutritional Fortification Substances in Foods. Nutrition and Health Low-fat products More than15 More thanProducts with no artificially added sugar or reduced sugar addition 55 More thanOrganic products 6 AroundProducts in smaller size 5 More thanProducts with low or no artificially added ingredients 90 More thanLow-sodium products 75 AroundEnriched nutrient products 10 102 104 105 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Little Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk 4. 0g of premium fresh milk protein per 100ml 30 less calories than 4. 0g whole milk Organic membrane filtration imported from Europe and America Liquid Milk Mengniu Selected Pasture Pure Milk China's first QR code traceable milkMilk Deluxe Low-Fat Milk 60 less fat than whole milkModern Meadow High Calcium Milk 125mg of high calcium per 100ml, with vitamin D3 added Xinyangdao Zero Lactose Milk Using EHT enzyme hydrolysis technology 0 lactose Four series of full-fat, low-fat, skimmed and low-fat high-calciumShiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk Preferred Ulan Buh Desert organic milk source 3. 6g native protein per 100ml fresh milk Just Yogurt Danish strain fermentation Simple and pure taste Less artificial additionChampion Yogurt 0 Sucrose 100 raw milk fermented 3g protein per 100ml 1 billion CFU BB-12 probiotics per 100g yogurtNational Healthy Food - Champion Yogurt First health yogurt in China Rich in strong active BB-12 bifidobacteria Certified by the National Medical Products Administration as a functional health food Yoyi C lactobacillus beverage - 0 sucrose and high calcium Self-developed, China Patent probiotics Contains 50 billion active probiotics, 0 fat, 0 sucroseGo Chang Lactobacillus Beverage Sugar content 5, 0 fat 6 kinds of lactic acid bacteria fermentation No added flavors, colors, preservatives, etcMilk Powder Ice Cream Cheese and Other Dairy ProductsYourui Yitian The Middle-aged and The Elderly Milk Powder Low GI food certification, phytosterol esters added 950mg of calcium per 100g, fortified with raw milk Enriched with Vitamin D Mood for Green Green Shasha Cane Sugar-Free Ice Cream Pure green bean taste No cane sugar Mengniu Low-Salt Butter First self-made butter in China Boxed fresh, in line with the low-salt standard Chemical additives, preservatives and impurities freeBellamy's Platinum Organic A2 Milk Powder Selected organic A2 milk source Rich in probiotics BB12, prebiotics GOS&FOS Dual organic certification by NASAA and ACO in Australia Deluxe Ejiao Walnut Milk Ice Cream With raw milk as a main ingredient Added with Ejiao and red dates Ai Shi Chen Xi Organic Cheese Sticks World's first organic cheese stick 51 cheese content No flavor, pigment, preservative added Triply certified organic by China, Denmark and EUBellamy's Organic Kids Milk Powder With active lactoferrin, FOS prebiotics and betaglucan 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrin per 100g milk powder Deluxe Low-fat Coffee-flavored Ice cream Protein content 7 and fat content 3 Added Colombian freeze-dried instant coffee powder Mengniu Room Temperature Cheese Sticks High calcium formula, 25 less sugar and sodium Others Small Portion Products Probiotic Powder Products 100 billion highly active probiotic per sachet over 85 survival rate of stomach acid resistance effectively improving intestinal environmentMengniu keeps on innovating products, strengthens the research and development of products in smaller packages and has developed a variety of products with a capacity of less than 220g, such as Future Star student milk, Shengmu organic children's milk, Lurpak 10g butter granules and Ice 4-pack small popsicles, to make it easier for consumers to store and carry and to avoid waste caused due to inability to finish eating in one time 106 107 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition Education Nutrition education is the most fundamental, economical and effective strategy and measure to solve public nutrition and health problems. Light Fresh Milk Festival and Light Fresh Milk Shelf China Student Nutrition and Health Development Conference NiuBay Nutrition Academy In 2022, Mengniu created the NiuBay Nutrition Academy project, which focused on nutrition, health, probiotic knowledge, quality life and other topics. It was the first time in the industry to provide users with strong visual and interactive category education in the form of an online academy through live video. The project has carried out 7 online thematic live broadcasts, outputting more than 50 short science videos across the platform, with a total of 200, 000 views all over the Internet. Diet Education In order to promote diet education, Mengniu cooperated with COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and Capital Healthcare and Nutrition Cuisine Society to carry out diet education activities in schools. With the slogan Health Station for Nutritious New Generation, the campaign promoted traditional culture, popularized nutrition and health knowledge and strengthened scientific diet education to primary and secondary school students in the form of online and offline expert lectures. At the same time, Mengniu collaborated with the COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and the Capital Health and Gourmet Society to conduct training for nutritionists and nutrition instructors, and actively cultivate talents for diet education. In 2022, a total of 130 lectures were held online and offline for school diet education, covering 20 provinces and 48 cities nationwide. Producing the Documentary A Journey of Probiotics Discovery Mengniu, together with Professor Zhang Heping, the pioneer of China's probiotic industry and the chief expert of Mengniu's probiotic research team, and his team, traveled over 30, 000 kilometers and visited more than 20 counties and cities in 6 provinces to co-produce the documentary A Journey of Probiotics Discovery, which focused on the theme of searching for probiotics suitable for Chinese people, showing the extraction and R&D process of local probiotics in China and raising the attention of all people to probiotics and intestinal health. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition Research Mengniu regards scientific research and innovation as the core driver of enterprise development and continuously increases its investment in research & development to improve its research & development competence. Mengniu has cooperated with 16 top universities and research institutions at home and abroad, including China Agricultural University, Tsinghua University, Peking University and Chinese Academy of Sciences. The company has established a world-leading High-Tech Research Institute and Highly Intelligent Production Base and an overseas R&D center. It has more than 30 research & development partners worldwide. Mengniu Nutrition Research Project Intellectual Property Protection Mengniu followed the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, continuously improved the intellectual property management system, successively issued the Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights, and formulated the Trademark Management System, the Trade Secrets Management System, the Patent Management System, the Copyrights Management System and other system documents to strengthen the protection of the Company's trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. The Company developed the intellectual property protection strategy and respect the intellectual property rights of others while actively working on intellectual property protection. The Company embedded intellectual property protection into the product innovation process, carried out intellectual property search and infringement risk analysis at each key stage and timely protected the innovation achievements. Mengniu closely followed the industry policies related to intellectual property rights and conducted training on basic patent knowledge to reinforce employees' awareness of intellectual property protection. Meanwhile, Mengniu actively participated in global intellectual property industry conferences. In October 2022, Mengniu participated in IPBC Asia 2022 Asia IP Business Forum as an invited speaker to showcase the excellent international image of China's innovative dairy brands on the international IP professional field platform. By the end of 2022, there are 1, 335 valid patents, and 319 patents are newly applied, 203 patents are newly granted this year. In September 2022, the China National Food Industry Association (CNFIA) released the 2022 CNFIA Science and Technology Awards, in which Mengniu's fermented milk functional upgrading, quality structure optimization key technology research and industrialization application projects won the first prize, low-temperature fresh milk category combination innovation and key technology integration project and the research and development of Yoyi C 0 sucrose active probiotic beverage won the second prize. Honors valid patents, newly applied patents Newly granted patents Research on Breast Milk and Infant Nutrition Dedicated to scientific research on maternal and infant health and breast milk in China, we created a Chinese breast milk protein database based on Mengniu's 8-city China Breast Milk Study to analyze breast milk protein and amino acid data from different regions and lactation stages in China. Mengniu's Ruibuen brand adopted the new UPU core technology of full-valent breast milk structural fat, which for the first time achieved a fat similarity of more than 90 with Chinese breast milk, breaking the record in the field of breast milk innovation research and was selected as a national key research project in the 13th Five-Year Plan. In cooperation with Jiangnan University, the Company conducted in-depth research on the large-scale preparation of new core ingredients for infant dairy products and developed the world's first key technologies for the enzymatic synthesis of structural fat MLCT and new OPO. The research result was a key output of the National Key R&D Program of the 13th Five-Year Plan Research on the Creation and Common Key Technology of Special Needs Dairy Products Based on China's Breast Milk Components. In addition, it also supported the implementation of the related sub- projects of the National Key R&D Program of the 14th Five-Year Plan Research on the Development of Special Needs Dairy Products Based on China's Breast Milk Components and drove the overall technical level of Chinese breast milk research to an international leading position. In cooperation with the School of Public Health of Tsinghua University, we conducted a research project on the impact of the organic diet on infant health in early life to study the impact of eating organic foods in early life. We also conducted research on the nutritional needs of infants and young children at the supplementary food stage to improve the nutritional value of infant products. The Middle-Aged and the Elderly Nutrition Research Focusing on the nutritional health of the middle-aged and the elderly, cooperated with China Agricultural University to research and evaluate the role of selenium-enriched goat milk and subsequent functional milk powder in the immune effect and body vitality of the organism. Probiotics Research The research was based on Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01 and Bifidobacterium lactis Probio-M8, which are independent intellectual property rights of Mengniu, to investigate the effect of Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01 on indigestion and the mechanism of Bifidobacterium lactis Probio-M8 on nutritional absorption, and to provide scientific basis for improving the functional value of dairy products and product communication, and to promote the functional and nutritional improvement of dairy products. Product Research We cooperated with Institute of Animal Sciences of Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences to strengthen the implementation of high-quality mick quality technology system control the quality of raw milk at source, optimize the dairy processing process, restore the natural active nutrients of milk, improve the quality of fresh milk products and meet the market demand for safe and healthy, green and low-carbon, nutritious and fresh products. In the Indonesian market, based on market insight and consumer preference surveys, we developed products that matched the actual local demand and the taste that preferred by local consumers. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu adheres to the concept of Q uality Is The Greatest Decency and implements the quality management of the whole industrial chain. Quality and Food Safety Standards Mengniu actively participates in the preparation and revision of national and industry standards, actively provides technical support, and leads the industry to further implement the strategy of quality strengthening, standardization and healthy China strategy. In 2022, eight key standards were published, including three national standards such as Statistical Methods for Production Process Quality Control Control Charts Part 7 Multiple Control Charts, one industry standard Milk Fat Spheres Milk (Whey) Protein Powder (QB T 5805-2022) and four group standards such as Fermented Milk for Student Drinking Milk and Pasteurized Milk for Student Drinking Milk of China Dairy Association. Mengniu actively followed up on the revision of important regulations such as the Dairy Product Production License Review Rules, provided feedback to enterprises and the industry, and participated in the preparation of the Dairy Nutrition Standard System Planning Report for the construction project of the standard system for high-quality development in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. Meanwhile, Mengniu assisted in the preparation of the national working group on standardization of food nutrition and health management (SWG25), provided technical support for the operation of the working group, assisted in the research and construction of the working group's standard system, and contributed to the promotion of the group's nutrition and health transformation and the promotion of the construction of a healthy China. Quality Management and Control Mengniu strictly abides by the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations and has set up a series of systems and management methods, including the General Rules for Quality Management of Mengniu Dairy, Quality Target Management System of Mengniu Dairy, Process Quality Control Product Life-Cycle Quality Assurance Mengniu continuously improves the quality management system, controls the product design, product raw materials, product quality inspection and product recall, introduces the quality management process F rom Pasture To Milk Cup, improves the food safety emergency plan system and manages and supervises the full product life cycle. Adhering to the quality management concept of all risks are eliminated before they are exposed, and all competitions begin at the time of design, by learning from benchmarks, Mengniu issued the Mengniu Dairy New Product Quality Design (QID) Management System and thereby built a comprehensive quality management system that is fully aligned with international tier 1 food enterprises and has Mengniu characteristics and tailored to local conditions. This management system comprehensively upgraded from risk management, quality management, claim management, process technology management and other dimensions, so that product quality and safety risks can be eliminated through product design, meeting consumers' demand. Product Design Stage The Company conducts regular product quality inspections. At present, the Company has 40 laboratories and 1 intelligent quality center, of which 20 laboratories gained CNAS certification and reached the testing capacity of up to 1, 926 items. Product Quality Inspection Stage To effectively protect consumers' health and safety, Mengniu has formulated the Mengniu Product Traceability Management System, Product Recall Management System and other documents. The traceability information covers 8 processes and 16 steps of the whole industrial chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information of the value chain. In 2022, the Company upgraded the traceability system, based on SAP and other information systems, expanded the traceability information database, improved the traceability and recall mechanism of three-level control, designed and developed online one-click traceability functions and standardized system operations to achieve online traceability of raw material and auxiliary materials, thus 100 company products can be traced to the origin of raw milk and raw material and auxiliary materials. The Company clearly stipulates that each department shall immediately stop selling and initiate recalls of relevant unsafe products after being informed that the products are unsafe. Level 1 recalls shall be initiated within 24 hours, with a written report formed daily and completed within 10 working days; level 2 recalls shall be initiated within 48 hours, with a written report formed at least every 5 working days and completed within 20 working days; level 3 recalls shall be initiated within 72 hours, with a written report formed at least every 10 working days and completed within 30 working days. In case of unexpected situations that may lead to the escalation of the recall during the level 2 and 3 recalls, the responsible department head must immediately report to the Business Unit's food safety management team to carry out the relevant work efficiently. In 2022, no product recalls happened in Mengniu. By reviewing international, domestic regulations and risk studies, quality indicators, and setting early warning lines for indicators, as well as implementing a product inspection matrix, we identify and evaluate food safety risks along the entire chain of raw and auxiliary materials from suppliers to factories, raise the access threshold for raw material and auxiliary material suppliers, refine the audit process and reinforce daily monitoring. The Company's major suppliers obtained ISO 9001, ISO 22000 and other food safety-related certifications. In 2022, Mengniu improved the quality document management mechanism, revised and updated 32 group management systems and 262 business unit and factory management systems and refined the requirements for new product quality design control, quality changes, and quality management of procured materials to improve quality management and control. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Quality and Food Safety Certification Mengniu continues to promote third-party management system and product certification related to quality and food safety standards, and to protect product quality and safety by establishing an information exchange platform with certification bodies and sharing findings from domestic and international quality management audits In 2022, the Company carried out seven major system certifications including ISO 9001, GMP, HACCP, FSSC 22000, BRCGS, IFS and SQF, covering 63 factories, with a 100 certification pass rate. Quality and Food Safety Culture Mengniu firmly believes that food safety is the guarantee to construct consumers' trust in the brand and highly values the construction of a quality culture and organizes various quality and food safety culture promotion activities to improve the quality culture atmosphere and raise food safety awareness. In 2022, Mengniu comprehensively benchmarked international and domestic quality culture-related standards and studies, referred to the quality culture practices of advanced enterprises, then considered the actual business situation and upgraded Mengniu takes the quality vision and quality policy as the core and the 1332 quality culture strategy as the extension. major goal With the deployment of the quality culture strategy, Mengniu has achieved breakthroughs in improving product quality and food safety culture. At the same time, we collaborated with third-party organizations to develop a special quality culture maturity assessment program and five factories completed on-site quality culture evaluations during the year, making us the first company in China to systematically conduct quality culture system evaluations and thus establishing a solid foundation for Mengniu's future quality culture work. In 2022, Mengniu held the first World Quality Innovation quality innovation evaluation activity to select Mengniu quality management method innovation projects, quality technology innovation projects and achievement innovation projects, aiming to fully implement the core values of the enterprise, create a strong quality culture atmosphere and enhance quality management and technology innovation. During the 3 15 World Consumer Rights Day in 2022, Mengniu held a short video contest called Visible World Quality to convey Mengniu's world quality management and excellent quality culture to consumers through event selection. The 12 best pieces were released on the Company's official platforms, with more than 1. 52 million views and 220, 000 likes. major measures Ensure that the core concept and construction orientation of quality culture are in line with business practice. major guarantees Systematic corporate culture and 4Q quality management system with continuous iteration and efficient operation are the foundations of quality culture. Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Responsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Quality Empowerment Training To guarantee product quality and continuously improve the professional skills of employees, Mengniu regularly conducts training related to quality and safety. Within the year, Mengniu held 125 sessions of General Course Public Course Empowerment Program and 13 sessions of key programs, covering 100 of quality personnel, with a total training investment of RMB 1 million. Mengniu cares about the ability improvement of suppliers. Rock Plan Scene Quality 100 Training Starlight Plan General Public CourseAs a responsible company, Mengniu adheres to the core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, actively protects the legal rights and interests of consumers, opens up consumer communication channels, reinforces the protection of consumer information security, carries out responsible marketing and is committed to providing better services and bringing better service experience to consumers. In October 2022, Mengniu was awarded the 2022 National Quality Benchmark Award by the China Association for Quality for its relentless exploration and practice of digital management of intelligent quality in the whole industry chain. For breast-milk substitutes, Mengniu strictly requires the marketing methods to comply with the relevant statements of the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and formulated the Mengniu Breast-milk Substitutes Responsible Marketing Policy in the context of Mengniu's relevant business, which applies to Mengniu employees and partners involved in the marketing, distribution and sales of breast-milk substitutes. In terms of product packaging, we actively explore the implementation of clean product labeling to meet the increasing consumer demand for clean labeling and review product packaging through the product life cycle management system to reasonably display nutrition and health information on product packaging to ensure compliance with nutrition and health instructions. Consumer Services Mengniu continuously enhances the protection of consumers' rights and interests, while improving its service and product quality while. At the same time, Mengniu conducts dealer satisfaction research and consumer satisfaction research and accesses consumers' feelings, suggestions and specific needs on products through online questionnaires and product reviews on e-commerce platforms to continuously improve consumer satisfaction. Good Services Mengniu Breast- milk Substitutes Responsible Marketing Policy 116 117 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix In 2022, Mengniu strengthened its information security protection capability through network security attack and defense drills and emergency drills to normalize network security. At the same time, we carried out special compliance training on personal information protection, promoted training at multiple levels on multiple platforms such as Voice of Mengniu, Security in Drips, and desktop posters. We launched 23 video courses and carried out publicity 206 times to comprehensively raise awareness of information protection among all employees. Information Protection Mengniu values information and privacy protection, focuses on the core objective of making data use safer, devotes itself to safeguarding consumer privacy and carries out systematic construction of information protection and data security. The Company formulated the Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations, Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidebook, APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines, IT Account Management System and other systems and management methods to strengthen the standardization of the full life cycle management of the group's data of all area, establish a prior review mechanism for personal information protection assessment, conduct personal information protection compliance risk assessment before the project is launched for projects involving consumer privacy protection, focusing on key management requirements for data compliance, embedding compliance review points into the contract review management mechanism to strengthen personal information protection. Meanwhile, the Company continuously improved the process and management document system construction of the group's information security system according to the ISO 27001 information security management system standard, covering the 14 control domains certified by ISO 27001. Mengniu strengthens consumer privacy and information security protection through authentication, authorization, auditing, data encryption and desensitization, etc. It also conducts quarterly account audits of information system, standardizes account authorization management and provides timely feedback to business departments for correction, which strongly protects information security. In the year of 2022, the Company set up 4 key sub-goals with the strategic goal of no major information security incidents at the Group level and business continuity guarantee of core systems over 99. All relevant goals were achieved. In the future, Mengniu will continue to establish an information security management system as the basis and build a management platform focusing on channel online, consumer online, supply chain online and management online. major data breaches incident 0 0 major information security incident consumer privacy and data security related complaint In order to enhance the Group's emergency handling capability for information leakage incidents, Mengniu has established an emergency management system and set up an emergency monitoring group, an emergency analysis group, an emergency handling group, an emergency liaison group and an external collaboration group under the emergency command group to strengthen the reporting and management of security incidents. During the year, we had no major data breaches, no major information security incidents, and no consumer privacy and data security-related complaints. Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Governance Structure- A statement from the board containing the following elements (i) a disclosure of the board's oversight of ESG issues; (ii) the board's ESG management approach and strategy, including the process used to evaluate, prioritise and manage material ESG-related issues (including risks to the issuer's businesses); and (iii) how the board reviews progress made against ESG-related goals and targets with an explanation of how they relate to the issuer's businesses. P8-9 Reporting Principles- A description of, or an explanation on, the application of the following Reporting Principles in the preparation of the ESG report Materiality The ESG report should disclose (i) the process to identify and the criteria for the selection of material ESG factors; (ii) if a stakeholder engagement is conducted, a description of significant stakeholders identified, and the process and results of the issuer's stakeholder engagement. Quantitative Information on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and or calculation tools used, and source of conversion factors used, for the reporting of emissions energy consumption (where applicable) should be disclosed. Consistency The issuer should disclose in the ESG report any changes to the methods or KPIs used, or any other relevant factors affecting a meaningful comparison. P3 Reporting Boundary- A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report and describing the process used to identify which entities or operations are included in the ESG report. P3 Environmental A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. P127 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P56-70 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P76-77Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide 118 119 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Environmental A2 Use of ResourcesGeneral Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. P73, P128 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P59-60 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P73-75 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P71-77 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P56 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P66-69 Social B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P46-47Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Social B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P42-44 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P47 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P47 B4 Labor StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. P83-84 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P84-89, P91-96 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P87 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P89-90 120 121 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Scope Issue Disclosure Requirements Pages Social B6 ProductGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P111 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P110-111 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. P116 B7 Anti- CorruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P30 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P31 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. P48-53 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. The organization and its reporting practices1-1 Organizational details P10 1-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting P3 1-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point P3 2. Stakeholder engagement 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement P25-26 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements P41Statement of use China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited has reported with reference to the GRI Standards for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. GRI 1 Foundation 2021 122 123 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix GRI Standard Disclosure Pages 3-1 Process to determine material topics P27 3-2 List of material topics P27 3-3 Management of material topics Please Refer to the Table Below GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 201 Economic Performance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on economic performance P10 Topic-specific disclosures201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed P10 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change P56-70 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on indirect economic impacts P48-53 Topic- Specific disclosures203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported P48-53 GRI 204 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on procurement practices P84-90 GRI 205 Anti-Corruption GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on anti-corruption P29-31, P88 Topic-Specific disclosures205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures P30-31 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken P30-31 GRI 301 Materials GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on materials P89-90 Topic- Specific disclosures301-1 Materials used by weight or volume P127-128 301-3 Recycled input materials used P80-81 GRI 302 Energy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on energy P58-60 Topic- Specific disclosures302-1 Energy consumption within the organization P127 302-3 Energy consumption outside of the organization P59 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption P59-60GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 303 Water and Effluents GRI 3 Management approach disclosure303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource P73-76 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts P76 Topic- Specific disclosures303-5 Water withdrawal P73, P128 GRI 304 Biodiversity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on biodiversity P96-99 Topic-Specific disclosures304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity P96-99 GRI 305 Emissions GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on emissions P56-65 Topic-Specific disclosures305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions P127 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions P127 305-4 GHG emissions intensity P69, P127 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions P127 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissionsP127 GRI 306 Waste GRI 3 Management approach disclosure306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts P76-77 306-2 Management of significant waste related impacts P76-77 Topic-Specific disclosures306-3 Waste generated P127 GRI 307 Environmental Compliance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on environmental compliance P96-99 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier environmental assessment P84-87, P89-90, P94 Topic- Specific disclosures308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria P84-86 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken P84-90, P94-96 124 125 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 401 Employment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on employment P34 Topic- Specific disclosures401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover P46-47 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesP38-40 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosure403-1 Occupational health and safety management system P42-45 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation P42 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety P42-45 403-6 Promotion of worker health P42-45 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationshipsP42-45 Topic- Specific disclosures403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system P42-45 Topic- Specific disclosures403-9 Work-related injuries P47 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on training and education P34-37 Topic- Specific disclosures404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee P47 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs P35-37, P40 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsP37 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on diversity and equal opportunity P34 Topic- Specific disclosures405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees P22, P34 GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on non-discrimination P34GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic- Specific disclosures406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken P34 GRI 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on freedom of association and collective bargainingP41 GRI 408 Child Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on child labor P34 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on forced or compulsory labor P34 GRI 412 Human Rights Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on human rights assessment P41 Topic- Specific disclosures412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures P41 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screeningP41, P84-86 GRI 413 Local Communities GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on local communities P48-53 Topic- Specific disclosures413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programsP48-53 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier social assessment P84-87 Topic- Specific disclosures414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria P84-86 GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer health and safety P110-114 Topic- Specific disclosures416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesP102-103, P110-111 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on marketing and labeling P115 Topic- Specific disclosures417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling P115 GRI 418 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer privacy P116 126 127 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Mengniu's Sustainability Performance Data Economic Performance Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Operating revenue RMB100 million 760. 35 881. 42 925. 93 Total assets RMB100 million 801. 46 981. 01 1, 178. 13 Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company RMB100 million 35. 25 50. 26 53. 03 Production capacity 10, 000 tonnes 990 1, 166 1, 291 Completion ratio of economic contracts 100 100 100 Signing ratio of Anti- Bribery Contract 100 99. 80 100 Traceability of nonconforming products 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales 0 0 0 TMP and silage coverage 100 100 100 Mechanized milking ratio 100 100 100 Raw milk random sampling pass rate 100 100 100 Ratio of large-scale intensive ranch milk sources 100 100 100 Social Performance Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Labor contract signing rate 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests 100 100 100 Completion rate of procurement contracts 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations 100 100 100 Total expenditure on charity RMB10, 000 76, 000 4, 584. 50 10, 672. 80 Total tax paid RMB100 million 36. 91 40. 89 40. 14Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data 2022 Data Exhaust gas Total exhaust emissions Cubic metres 1, 700, 946, 666. 78 2, 210, 671, 704. 11 2, 209, 681, 754. 36 SO 2 emissions Tonne 35. 90 150. 30 150. 36 NOx emissions Tonne 141. 95 1, 489. 99 1, 460. 85 Soot emissions Tonne 25. 96 238. 57 238. 63 Wastewater Wastewater discharge 10, 000 tonnes 2, 863. 80 2, 718. 32 2, 806. 19 COD discharge Tonne 1, 063. 87 893. 81 1, 085. 75 BOD discharge Tonne 222. 48 246. 93 233. 87 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 154. 40 204. 24 306. 84 Carbon dioxide emissions 10, 000 tonnes 127. 00 136. 00 142. 57 Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 21. 00 26. 00 25. 37 Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 106. 00 110. 00 117. 20 Carbon dioxide emission per tonne of production kg Tonne 169. 00 171. 00 168. 31 Total hazardous waste Tonne 242. 23 382. 81 385. 66 Total general waste Tonne 28, 912. 44 40, 200. 24 51, 212. 24 Compliance disposal rate of solid waste 100 100 100 Grid electricity consumption across regions kWh 848, 749, 516. 09 816, 797, 963. 40 818, 780, 565. 50 Coal consumption Tonne 7, 502. 82 0. 00 0. 00 Gasoline consumption Liter 15, 101. 86 11, 196. 38 12, 000. 00 Diesel consumption Liter 14, 894. 51 55, 124. 81 10, 342. 00 Purchased steam Tonne 880, 833. 12 859, 756. 92 832, 324. 04 Natural gas consumption 10, 000 standard cubic meters 6, 811. 11 7, 188. 65 7, 191. 54 Generation of solar power 10, 000 kWh 466. 05 869. 75 850. 97 Steam production from biomass energy Tonne 309, 541. 33 289, 575. 22 189, 801. 01 Direct energy consumption GWh 792, 724. 37 778, 994. 34 778, 870. 65 Indirect energy consumption GWh 1, 511, 395. 38 1, 463, 588. 32 1, 444, 933. 32 Total comprehensive energy consumption GWh 2, 304, 119. 75 2, 242, 582. 66 2, 223, 803. 97 Total water consumption Tonne 29, 093, 882. 70 28, 643, 224. 80 28, 243, 256. 34 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 42, 288. 66 Water saved 10, 000 tonnes 201. 10 (including 468, 000 tonnes of social water savings)147. 94 (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water savings)85. 97 (including 42. 15 tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate 7. 63 9. 68 7. 50Environmental Performance 128 129 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix Packaging material usage in 2022 Indicator Category Unit 2022 Data Packaging material usagePlastic Tonne 323, 284 Timber Tonne 42 Paper Tonne 1, 016, 000 Glass Tonne 380 Metal Tonne 16, 000 Note on calculation methodology 1. For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection 2. Total comprehensive energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T2589- 2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. Scope 1 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions directly generated by burning fuels in factories, such as self- owned boilers, vehicles, and the direct energy involved includes natural gas, diesel, gasoline, biogas, etc. Scope 2 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity and steam, which cover the carbon dioxide, methane emissions involved in the actual production process of all Mengniu Group's normal temperature, low temperature, ice products, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese self-operated factories ( Mengniu production process does not involve the other four types of greenhouse gases in the Kyoto Protocol nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride). In particular, some smaller sales distribution centers are excluded from the calculation of scopes 1 and 2 due to their low energy consumption and emissions. The measurement complies with the Guidelines for Accounting Treatment and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverage and Refined Tea Enterprises (Trial) (2015) of the PRC. The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report. The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction ProjectsEnvironmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination A2 Use of esourcesBiodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Packaging Sustainable Recycling Design Guidelines in Chilled Product Business Unit Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Mapthe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China A4 Climate ChangeMengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025) Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical GuideOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China Work of the Trade Union Regulation (on Trial) 130 131 2022 Performance HighlightsMengniu GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyMessage from the CEO Statement of the Board Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net-ZeroNutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Ecosystem- Collaborative & AccountableAppendix ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B2 Health and SafetyOccupational Health Management System Mengniu Group 2022-2024 EHS Three-Year Plan 2022 Group EHS Key Work Plan Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projectsthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of China Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labor StandardsEmployee Code of Conduct Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesUniversal Declaration of Human Rights International Conventions on Human Rights the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China B5 Supply Chain ManagementMaterial Quality Procurement Management System of Mengniu Dairy Supplier Code of Conduct (COC) Product Traceability Management System ESG Risk List of Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain Supplier Blacklist Management System Ranch Quality and Safety Management System Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Detailed Rules for Selection Review of Milk Suppliers Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Quality Safety Guarantee Statement Food Safety Commitmenthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China General Rules of the Civil Law of the People's Republic of ChinaESG Indicator Internal System Laws and R egulations B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) Basic Nutrient Standards for Mengniu Products Mengniu Principles and Commitment for the Use of Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs the Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Advertising Review and Management System Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights Trademark Management System Trade Secret Management System Dispute Management System Copyright Management System Overseas Intellectual Property Management System Brand Name Management System Administrative Measures for Food Recalls of Mengniu Group Review and Filing System on Slogan and Trademarks Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group Responsible Marketing Business Principles Customer Feedback Management System Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidebook and appendix APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines Mengniu Group Anti-Food Waste Guideline Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company LimitedAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law the Administrative Measures for Food Recalls International Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes Sales Administration Measures for Breastmilk Substitutes in China the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods the Outline for the Healthy China 2030 Initiative B7 Anti-CorruptionCompliance Management Provisions Integrity Compliance Manual Integrity Compliance Commitment Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and CluesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community InvestmentRural Vitalization Programme of Mengniu Dairy Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund Governance Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the Group Mengniu Group's Anti-Food Waste GuidelinesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited www. cn This report is made of degradable and environmentally friendly recycled paper Contents Annual Key Performance Statement of the Board of DirectorsIndependent Third-Party Assurance ReportIndicator IndexFeedback83959699105 AppendixAbout this Report Corporate Pro leExecutive StatementAwards and RecognitionsAnnual Performance Review for Sustainable Development03 04050709Opening01 Rural Revitalization and Community Impact Consumer Protection and Experience Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Technology-driven Sustainable Development Sustainable Supply Chains43 52 56 60 62Sustainable Operations and Community04Strategic Planning Materiality AssessmentStakeholder EngagementManagement StructureESG Risk Management11 12141617Sustainable Development Strategy Management 02 Corporate Governance Business Code of ConductInformation Security and AI Governance64 6669Sustainable Governance05Responsible Investing Sustainable InsuranceResponsible BankingResponsible Products23293439Sustainable Business03 Governance StrategyRisk ManagementMetrics and TargetsOur Measures to Reduce Emissions 74 74787981Our TCFD Report06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 01OpeningPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Opening About this Report Scope of the Report Reporting scope The Report focuses on Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, and covers its subsidiaries. Reporting cycle The Report is released annually. Compilation Principles of the Report The Report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to the Guidelines on Environmental Information Disclosure for Financial Institutions in Shenzhen, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards, as well as the Sustainability Accounting Standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance and Asset Management & Custody Activities published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Data of the Report The nancial data in the Report was extracted from the Annual Report 2022 of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Other data came from the internal systems of the Group or manual collection. Assurance of the Report The contents and data disclosed in the Report were approved by the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China. Release Form of the Report The Reports in Chinese and English are released both in hardcopy and online. The online version can be accessed at https group. cn 03Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Corporate Pro le 344, 223 employeesPing An had 11, 137, 168 in RMB millionTotal assets of approximately As of the end of 2022 Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. ( Ping An, Ping An Group, the Group or we ) was established in Shekou, Shenzhen, in 1988. The Group was the rst insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure (joint stock company) in China. It has developed into one of the three major nancial groups in China. The Group s shares are listed in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (Stock Code 2318) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code 601318). Ping An strives to be a world-leading integrated nance and healthcare services provider. Ping An actively responds to China s 14th Five-Year Plan, and serves the real economy and national strategies including Digital China and Healthy China via nancial services. Ping An develops the integrated nance healthcare strategy to provide professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge services. Ping An advances comprehensive digital transformation, and employs technologies to improve the quality, e ciency, and risk management of its nancial businesses. Moreover, Ping An continuously delivers on its brand promise of Expertise Makes Life Easier by empowering nancial services with technologies, empowering nancial services with ecosystems, and advancing development with technologies. Remaining customer needs-oriented, Ping An focuses on core nancial businesses and strengthens the insurance protection function to serve the real economy under the people-centered philosophy. Ping An continuously develops its integrated nance model of one customer, multiple products, and one-stop services, providing diverse products and convenient services to nearly 227 million retail customers and over 693 million internet users. Moreover, Ping An continuously extends its 1 N services model (one customer N products) to its corporate business to meet di erent customers demands for integrated nancial services. As of the end of 2022, Ping An had 344, 223 employees and RMB 11, 137, 168 million in total assets. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Executive Statement The report of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that We must do a better job of seeing that the gains of moderization bene t all our people fairly, which provides direction for the development of the nancial industry. Implementing the concept of Finance for People The people are the foundation of the state, and the fundamental principle of governance is to bene t the people. Since its establishment in 1998, Ping An has stuck to the original aspiration of servicing the national economy and the people's livelihood and implemented the concept of Finance for People to satisfy the people s aspiration for a better life. Over the past 35 years since its founding, Ping An broke with the traditional property and casualty insurance market at its initial inception development stage, brought life protection consciousness into life insurance product, and developed the integrated nancial model of one customer, multiple products, one-stop services step by step. Ping An serves its customers, employees, stockholders, and all sectors of society. Ping An has four missions. Speci cally, Ping An creates value for (1) customers under the philosophy of service rst and integrity guaranteed; (2) employees by providing them with career plans for prosperous and contented lives; (3) shareholders by delivering stable returns and asset appreciation; and (4) society by giving back to society and developing the country. Focusing on key areas and weak areas A drop of water will never dry up when it is part of the ocean. Financial work can only be rated as satisfactory when it is conducted to satisfy people s yearning for a better life. By upholding the brand concept that Expertise Makes Life Easier and understanding customers needs for high-quality and integrated nancial and healthcare services, Ping An provides professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge to o er abundant products and services to customers. For insurance, Ping An Property & Casualty now provides accident insurance for food delivery drivers and housekeeping sta. Ping An Life o ers new integrated healthcare solutions of fee-paying medical service. Ping An Annuity provides Hui Min Bao (inclusive supplementary medical insurance) for over 50 million people who are insured, to share results of development with new citizens. Ping An strives for higher quality and e ciency in serving the real economy and o ers nancial services and products to support steady growth. Ping An exploits the strength of integrated nancial services to allocate more resources to the key areas of economic and social development. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 7. 89 trillion in facilitating the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation, and water conservancy. Ping An provides more types of services for more people and leverages innovation for better quality and higher e ciency. As of the end of 2022, more than 145 million customers used medical and health services, and home-based elderly care services covered 32 cities. Ping An promotes rural revitalization and aims to be a leader in providing nancial services related to agriculture, farmers, and rural areas. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 77. 1 billion in supporting the development of rural industries, and Ping An Property & Casualty assisted 433 000 farmers from 19 provinces in steadily increasing their income with the policy of Revitalization insurance. Ping An has fully upgraded its green nancial products and services, with green investment and nancing reaching over RMB 282. 3 billion, green banking over RMB 182 billion, and green premiums exceeding RMB 25. 1 billion in 2022. Embarking on a new journey, Ping An will stick to the path of developing nancial products and services with Chinese characteristics. Bene ting more customers with nancial innovations 05Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix The report of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China pointed out that We must do a better job of seeing that the gains of moderization bene t all our people fairly, which provides direction for the development of the nancial industry. Implementing the concept of Finance for People The people are the foundation of the state, and the fundamental principle of governance is to bene t the people. Since its establishment in 1998, Ping An has stuck to the original aspiration of servicing the national economy and the people's livelihood and implemented the concept of Finance for People to satisfy the people s aspiration for a better life. Over the past 35 years since its founding, Ping An broke with the traditional property and casualty insurance market at its initial inception development stage, brought life protection consciousness into life insurance product, and developed the integrated nancial model of one customer, multiple products, one-stop services step by step. Ping An serves its customers, employees, stockholders, and all sectors of society. Ping An has four missions. Speci cally, Ping An creates value for (1) customers under the philosophy of service rst and integrity guaranteed; (2) employees by providing them with career plans for prosperous and contented lives; (3) shareholders by delivering stable returns and asset appreciation; and (4) society by giving back to society and developing the country. Focusing on key areas and weak areas A drop of water will never dry up when it is part of the ocean. Financial work can only be rated as satisfactory when it is conducted to satisfy people s yearning for a better life. By upholding the brand concept that Expertise Makes Life Easier and understanding customers needs for high-quality and integrated nancial and healthcare services, Ping An provides professional nancial advisory, family doctor, and elderly care concierge to o er abundant products and services to customers. For insurance, Ping An Property & Casualty now provides accident insurance for food delivery drivers and housekeeping sta. Ping An Life o ers new integrated healthcare solutions of fee-paying medical service. Ping An Annuity provides Hui Min Bao (inclusive supplementary medical insurance) for over 50 million people who are insured, to share results of development with new citizens. Ping An strives for higher quality and e ciency in serving the real economy and o ers nancial services and products to support steady growth. Ping An exploits the strength of integrated nancial services to allocate more resources to the key areas of economic and social development. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 7. 89 trillion in facilitating the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation, and water conservancy. Ping An provides more types of services for more people and leverages innovation for better quality and higher e ciency. As of the end of 2022, more than 145 million customers used medical and health services, and home-based elderly care services covered 32 cities. Ping An promotes rural revitalization and aims to be a leader in providing nancial services related to agriculture, farmers, and rural areas. As of the end of 2022, Ping An invested over RMB 77. 1 billion in supporting the development of rural industries, and Ping An Property & Casualty assisted 433 000 farmers from 19 provinces in steadily increasing their income with the policy of Revitalization insurance. Ping An has fully upgraded its green nancial products and services, with green investment and nancing reaching over RMB 282. 3 billion, green banking over RMB 182 billion, and green premiums exceeding RMB 25. 1 billion in 2022. Embarking on a new journey, Ping An will stick to the path of developing nancial products and services with Chinese characteristics. Ma Mingzhe Chairman of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (published in People's Daily on February 14, 2023) 06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Awards and RecognitionsIn 2022, the brand value of Ping An continued to maintain its leading position. Corporate Strength Awards of Excellence in ESG-Hang Seng Index Constituent Stock category Environmental Leadership Award Future ESG ESG Award of 2022 19th Shenzhen Project Care Top 10 Caring Enterprises CSR Initiative of the YearThe Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies Sustainability Awards Organizer(s) Award(s) CDP KPMG China Shenzhen Project Care Organising Committee O ceInsurance Asia News25th on the Fortune Global 500 and 4th among global nancial companies 17th on the Forbes Global 2000 List and 1st among global diversi ed insurance companies for many years 1st among Chinese nancial companies and 5th in the global insurance industry on the 2022 World's Best Employer List 21st on the Global Brand Value List, 4th among global nancial companies, awarded as the world's most valuable insurance brand for 6 consecutive years 23rd worldwide, 1st in the global nancial industry 07Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix ESG Ratings Rating 2022 MSCI ESG Rating A-(The highest level for nancial companies in Mainland China) Low risk (Leader in China) Listed Listed ListedASustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series FTSE Russell Sustainability Index Sustainability Yearbook by S&P GlobalForbes China ESG 50A (1st in the multi-line insurance and brokerage industry in the Asia-Paci c region)Industry Exchanges for Sustainable Development As a world recognized integrated nancial services group, Ping An is committed to exerting its industry in uence on sustainable development. Ping An takes an active part in peer exchanges and implements sustainable development strategies with domestic and global sustainable development initiative organizations to facilitate the co-building of a sustainable ecosystem. Complying with the domestic regulatory requirements for sustainable development, Ping An maintains its leading position in the industry and serves as the vice director of the ESG Committee of China Association for Public Companies, member of the Asian Corporate Governance Association and council member of the Green Finance Committee of the China Society for Finance and Banking to support sustainable development activities in the industry. In line with the world s leading sustainable development standards, Ping An has become the rst asset owner signatory from China to UNPRI, Climate Action 100, and Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative. In addition, Ping An is the rst company in China s mainland to sign the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), and the only Chinese representative of the UNEP FI Global leadership Council and Steering Committee. In this regard, Ping An continues to promote the role of Chinese enterprises in the global sustainability eld. Ping An and global index publisher FTSE Russell announced a partnership to promote sustainable investment. Global Partnership Climate Change Questionnaire of CDP Global Environmental Information Research Center 08Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Annual Performance Review for Sustainable Development Sustainable operations and community Sustainable governance Total assets 11, 137, 168 in RMB million Greenhouse gas emissions in the workplace 326, 669. 88 tCO2e a decrease of 24 over the previous yearTotal income 1, 110, 568 in RMB million Operating pro t 172, 910 in RMB million Coverage rate of ethical standards and anti-corruption training 100 93 Tax payment 115, 478 in RMB millionPercentage of female board directors 20 Investment for facilitating the development of the real economy 7. 89 in RMB trillion Accumulated funds for poverty alleviation andindustrial revitalization assistance 771. 53 in RMB 100 millionSustainable business Projects obtaining the green building certi cation 19 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan 101, 136Training hours per employee 40. 8 hours Number of volunteers from Ping An employees and agents 571, 515The cumulative number of applications for science andtechnology patents 46, 077Individual customers using the servicesprovided by the healthcare ecosystem 145 millionSustainable insurance premium 5, 455. 48 in RMB 100 millionSustainable insurance insured amount 857. 25 in RMB trillion Green credit 1, 164. 20 in RMB 100 million Participating in shareholder meetings of stewardship over 120Inclusive loan 6, 363. 71 in RMB 100 million Responsible investment and nancing 1. 79 in RMB trillion Coverage rate of operations certi cated by the ISO IEC 27001 Information security management system 09Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 02Sustainable Development Strategy Management Ping An Sustainability Report 2022Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 Strategic Planning Five-year goals for core sustainability-related issuesSustainable development is one of Ping An's development strategies and the basis for maximising long-term value. In pursuit of long-term, balanced and high-quality sustainable development, Ping An focuses on improving its practice in ESG-related areas, sets ve-year goals for core sustainability-related issues and e ectively enhances sustainability-related actions and management. Sustainability Issues Qua litative Goals Key Quant itative Goals Sustainable InsuranceContributin g to economic developme nt, social progress and environmen tal impr ovement with comprehensiv e and professional risk as suranceMaintain ing gr owth in total sus tainable insur ance premium Respon sible BankingPromoting economic developmen t, social progress and environmental impr ovement with responsible banking busines sRealizing a 5-year c ompound gr owth o f over 10 Respon sible In vestmentSuppo rting economic development, social progress and environmen tal impr ovemen t with long-term capita l of insurance assets. Integrating E SG into the process of investment decision -makin g managemen t and enhan cing active shareholder behavior a nd related disc losure Respon sible Pr oductsO ering customers convenient, time-sa ving and cost- e ective health and e lderly ca re servicesSteady growth from a round 65 i n terms of indiv idual cus tome r coverage and Int ernet use r coverage Consumer Pr otectio n and Expe rienceService rst and integrity guaranteed Developme nt an d Welfare of Employe es and A gentsProviding career plans for prosperous and contented livesConducting emplo yee satisfaction and engagement surveys and making impr ovements in a continuo us ma nner Rural Revitalization a nd Commun ity ImpactContributing to rural revitalization by providing educational public welfare and volunteer service to give back to society Clima te Cha nge and Car bon Neutr alityAchieving carbon neutr ality in operations by 2030, explor ing asset carbon ne utrality r outes and sha ring be st practicesContinuously measuring and disclosing carbon emis sions in oper ations and assets and explor ation of neutr alisation r outes Corporate Gove rnanceSetting a model of corpor ate governance and deliv ering stable r eturn to shareholdersAnnually r eviewing governanc e principles, mechanisms, s tructur es and pr ocesses Busine ss Code of Conduct Upholdin g eth ical values and r egulatio ns 1 princ iplesAt employee level 100 coverage of integrity and anti-c orruption educa tion, 100 veri ca tion rate of report ed is sues in lett ers At compan y level 100 complia nce with regulations on anti-mo nopoly and fair trade, anti-mon ey laundering, anti-t errorist nancing and sanctions Informa tion S ecurity a nd A I GovernancePutting people rst, maintaining security, fairness and transparency Technology -driv en Sustaina ble Developme ntDriving high-qua lity de velopme nt with digitalization Making s teady impr ovement in digital oper ation of main busines ses Sustainable Su pply Cha insActing as a respon sible buyer and incorporating sustaina ble development principle s into key aspects of procurement to achieve win- win c ooper ationIncorporating sus taina bility claus es int o 100 of supplier cooperation contracts Reaching 100 participation rate in terms of consumer protection training for employees and insurance agents Achieving a steady increase in NPS of major subsidiaries Conducting an annual internal audit on consumer protection Reaching 100 coverage of information security training for employees and contractors Regularly conducting internal and external comprehensive information security reviews Accomplishing KPIs for the three-year plan of the Rural Communities Support Program and making new plans, speci cally, at least 3, 000 hours per year for public welfare teaching activities At least 3, 000 events per year for volunteer services 11Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An updates and constantly improves the process for the identi cation and materiality determination of ESG issues and conducts materiality assessments every year. The Group holistically integrates ESG issues into its operation management to strengthen sustainable development management and practices. The steps for materiality assessment are as follows Materiality Assessment We prioritise the issues based on the materiality to stakeholders and to the Group, and classify the issues into core issues, key issues and focused issues. An integrated materiality assessment matrix is developed based on the prioritisation results. With reference to domestic and foreign disclosure requirements such as the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guidelines on Environmental Information Disclosure for Financial Institutions in Shenzhen, the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance, Asset Management and Custody Activities published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Group comprehensively identi es the related sustainable development issues, based on the Group's ESG management and performance, the benchmarking analysis on outstanding peers, the focuses of mainstream ESG rating agencies and its diversi ed business Characteristics. Identi cation of issuesPrioritisation of issues 01 To deepen the communication with stakeholders, the Group invites internal and external stakeholders, including government and regulators, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, community and environment, to take part in the materiality assessment on ESG issues through interview or online questionnaire, so that the Group can learn their expectation and concerns and collect their opinions on the ESG work of Ping An. Surveys on stakeholders 02 Based on the survey results, we perform analysis on material issues to identify the most relevant ones for the Group this year. Materiality assessment on issues 03 04 12Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An fully integrates ESG requirements in the operation management of the Group. Importance to the Group s development Importance to stakeholdersCore issues (Highly related to main business of the Group)Key issues (Highly related to sustainable development) Focused issues (Necessary disclosure)Key issues (Highly related to sustainable development)1 2 34 56 7 89 10 11 12 131 2 3 4 5 6Sustainable insurance Responsible bankingResponsible investmentResponsible productsConsumer protection and experience Development and welfare of employees and agents 7 8 9 10 11 12Rural revitalization and community impact Climate change and carbon neutrality Corporate governanceBusiness code of conductInformation security and Al governance Technology-driven sustainable development Sustainable supply chains13The materiality matrix Policy Statements on Sustainability Policy Sta tement on Sustaina ble Insurance Policy Sta tement on Respon sible I nvestment Polic y Statement on Coa l Rela ted Bu siness Polic y Statement on Respon sible Produc t Managemen t Business Co de of Con duct Policy Sta tement on Bio diversity Polic y Sta tement on Community Impact Employee s Code of Conduct Polic y Statement on Emplo yee Rights Policy Statement on Agent We lfare and Ma nagemen t Polic y Sta tement on Informa tion Security Polic y Statement on Privacy Protection Polic y Statement on AI Ethics Governance Polic y Statement on Sustaina ble Supply Ch ains 13Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An s key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, government and regulatory agencies, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, community and environment. Stakeholder Engagement GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY AGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS CUSTOMERSSTAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS Law-abiding and com- pliant operations Response to national strategies Economic development promotion Market order maintenance Reception Regular reporting and communication Public information disclosure Operating in compliance with laws and regulations Contributing to rural revitalization and implementing inclusive nance Cooperating with local governments to facilitate regional economic development and actively participating in government projects Responding to regulators requirements Maintaining good pro tability Improving the Group s governance Enhancing and optimizing risk management system Regularly releasing annual reports, announcements and other public information disclosure Conducting climate change risk identi cation and assessment and publishing TCFD reports Establishing a remote service model to provide a dedicated manual customer service line for the elderly Promoting nancial product innovation and increasing product categories Establishing after-sales service mechanisms, such as consumer complaint management system Obtaining certi cation in information security management system Robust return on investments E cient corporate governance Comprehensive risk and compliance man-agement system Quality products Humanized services Convenient and fast services Sound personal information security and privacy protection mechanism Timely and accurate information disclosure E ective response to climate change Shareholders' meeting Investor meeting open day Periodic reports and announcements Investor relations column on the o cial website Interview, telephone, company website, WeChat o cial account, a microblogging platform Customer visits Customer satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform 14Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix EMPLOYEES AGENTS SUPPLIERS COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENTSTAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS Well-established welfare and compensation system Clear career development path and training plan Diverse, equal and inclusive working environment Sound system for protecting legal labor rights and interests Sta Congress Employee complaint channels Sta hotline Internal o ce communication system Internal consulting platform Clear career path High development potential Decent income and bene ts Agent Meeting Routine work communication Fair procurement Impartial, fair and green supply chain management Integrity and cooperation Supplier meeting Bidding platform Visits and exchanges Routine work communication Favorable community development Rural Revitalization Diverse public charity activities Volunteer activities Community Advocacy Establishing a fair, just and transparent compensation management system and setting up compensation incentive mechanism Providing comprehensive and diversi ed courses and instructing resources for employees Creating a diversi ed and equal working environment Insisting on equal pay for equal work and prohibiting discrimination Conducting agent service skill training from time to time Upholding fair and equitable agent recruitment principles Providing various kinds of welfare Establishing a sound supplier management system Enhancing integrity in supply chain management Requiring suppliers to participate in Ping An's ESG training Establishing Ping An Volunteers Association Contributing to rural revitalization and promoting Rural Communities Support Program Carrying out Ping An Guardian Initiative activities 15Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Management Structure Adhering to the path of sustainable development, Ping An integrates ESG philosophy into its development strategies. Strategy level The Board of Directors and the Strategy and Investment Committee oversee all ESG issues and are responsible for the strategic planning of sustainable development, risk management, policy-making and progress review. Management level The Sustainable Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee is responsible for the management of core ESG issues such as green nance and rural revitalization, as well as the Group s external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. Practice level The matrix consisting of the Group's functional units and subsidiaries is responsible for ESG implementation. In addition, a performance appraisal mechanism with scienti c and complete indicators and clear and standardised processes have been established in accordance with the Corporate Governance Rules of Banking and Insurance Institutions issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the principle of balancing revenue and risk, long-term and short-term incentives. Indicators such as compliance and operation, risk management, economic e ciency and social responsibility have been incorporated into the performance appraisal mechanism and a related remuneration management system has been developed. Strategy level Management level Execution level Practice level Boar d of Dir ectors Group Ex ecutiv e Committ ee Group ESG O c eSustainablee Development CommitteeeStrategy and Investment Committee ESG Taskforce (CSR IR PR Group Functional Representatives) Group Functional Units Insur ance Investment Banking TechnologyPing An Gr oup Ex ecution Ma trix Execution MatrixOversee all ESG issues and be responsible for the strategic planning of sustainalbe development, risk management, policy making and progress review. Be responsible for the management of core ESG issues such as green nance, and rural revitalization, as well as the Group s external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development Coordinate sustainable development work in and outside the Group Branding &PR Board O c e HR Financ e Planning Asset Management Internal Control Others ProcurementMember CompaniesESG Governance Structure of Ping An 16Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making authority for the Group s risk management and takes responsibility for the e ectiveness of comprehensive risk management. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors has a thorough understanding of major risks and the Group s management of these risks, monitors the operation of the risk management system, and reviews matters relevant to risk management to provide comments and recommendations to the Board of Directors. The practice promotes a smoother and more e ective implementation of the risk management mechanism for the Group and makes risk management more important in daily business activities, which is conducive to further protecting shareholder capital safety, improving capital use e ciency, supporting management decisions and creating management value. In 2022, in order to better guide the Group to study and implement the Comprehensive Risk Management system, the Group organized training and examination concerning principles and objectives, scope and process of risk management for all employes. The training and examination covered the Group's risk-related functional departments and major subsidiaries, with a completion rate and pass rate of 100. ESG Risk Management Risk Management Mechanism Comprehensive Risk Management System Training 17Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Risk management system ESG risks and response Ping An continues to study and upgrade its risk management system, monitor and manage ESG risks against the Group's various categories of general risk management. Ping An adopts a top-down approach to standardise business processes in order to further enhance the Group's risk defense and safeguard the Group's sound operation. Establishment of a uni ed ESG management system and management tools Ping An has established an internal uni ed ESG assessment standard CN-ESG Smart Assessment System. Ping An has integrated the core theories and standards of ESG with the Group's risk management and incorporated ESG risk management requirements into the overall risk management to ensure the steady and long-term development of various businesses of Ping An. ESG Organization & Management ESG Integrated Risk Management Uni ed ESG Collaborative Management Insurance Risk Market Risk Information Risk Operational Risk Strategic Risk Reputation Risk Volatility RiskESG Management System AI-ESG Smart Management PlatformThe Group Subsidiaries Implementation of ESG organization and management with dual control of the Group and subsidiaries At the Group level, Ping An has established the Group ESG O ce. At the subsidiary level, the Group has de ned a matrix of ESG implementation practices, integrated ESG risks with the Group's investment risk management system, and ESG risk control into the management of all investment business units to assist the Group in risk judgment, product design, statistics and reporting of asset portfolios. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix With close attention paid to ESG risks arising from climate change, social change and policy transformation, Ping An systematically identi es ESG risks. At present, among the risks identi ed by Ping An, the emerging social risks mainly include social demographic change and health, high risk diseases and urbanisation and environmental risks mainly include climate disasters, climate change, emerging low-carbon technologies, raising environmental (carbon emissions) standard, carbon emission policies (carbon taxes, carbon trading, etc.) and regulatory mandatory information disclosure requirements. Ping An formulates targeted ESG risk mitigation measures to e ectively manage and avoid the risks and minimise the impact on its business. Major ESG Risk Categories Emerging Risk I Emerging Risk II Name Demograph ic Change a nd Health Risk Climate Risk Category Emerging Socia l Risk Environmental Risk Descriptio n The demograp hic chang e brought abo ut by u rbanisation and th e aging population have creat ed a new de mand for insur ance products. H ealth r isks of chronic disea ses such a s obesity an d dia betes a re incre asing in so ciety due to changes in lifestyle s, and an incr easing number of elderly people ar e facing ser ious health pro blems, which increases risk ex posure of h ealth an d longevity in so ciety. Climate change has exerted a serious impac t on agricultural pr oduc tion, wate r resourc es, eco logica l environment and energy. In the context o f China's carb on neu trality, the enviro nmental pollu tion attributes of h igh-carbon industr ies are beco ming increasin gly eviden t, and investors in high-ca rbon indu stries are fa cing serious investmen t risks. For compan ies in general, climate change has br ought more uncer tainties an d unpreceden ted n ew challenges to th eir operation s and nancia l performan ce. The acc eleration of aging population will contribute to r ecruitmen t di cu lties for enterprises an d pose pressur e on social emplo yment, whic h leads to a reduction in th e time a vailable for pen sion payments a nd inc reases th e pre ssure o n pen sion payments. Climate c hange has in crease d the frequ ency of extreme we ather events, which may c ause material damage an d a e ct bu siness sta bility. E e ctive polic ies an d actions take n by the public sect or to mitiga te climate cha nge also entail nancial r isks, such as tran sition risks, which a ec t nanci al stability mainly through the channels of asset pr ices, policies an d rep utation. Policy change s due to c limate change may a ec t the so lvency of borrower s. For in stance, the introduction of carbon pricing incr eases the prod uction costs of bo rrowers, th us indirectly a ecting corporate income and le ading to an increased r isk of de fault in credit o perations. Response strategies(1) Contin uously optimizin g the supply o f prote ction and savings pr oduc ts and increasin g the supply o f competitiv e produc ts to provide cu stomers with safe r and warmer protection. Ping An has esta blished a co mprehensive governance mechanism to manage climate-rel ated issue s. (2) Sustainable insurance strategy. Implemen ting a responsible in vestmen t strategy, actively fo llowin g the ve principle s of ES G integration, active shareholding, thematic investmen t, prudent investme nt and in formation transparen cy. P ing An Bank grad ually red uces th e sca le and pr oportio n of c arbon-in tensive loans. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix ESG Risk Management System for Financial BusinessPing An integrates ESG risk with the Group s investment and nancing risk management system and makes a secondary subdivision of risk categories from the two major categories - climate change and social risks. In addition, Ping An sets relevant risk standards and conducts risk judgment in combination with Ping An s asset portfolios. The Group ESG O ce, along with relevant functional departments and subsidiaries, jointly established a responsible investment expert group, aiming to promote the Group s responsible investment policy. In respect of the equity, bond, credit and project assets, the Group has formulated the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Responsible Investment and established a full management process - advance, intermediate and afterward - risk management mechanism. Investment and Financing Risk Management Mechanism Regular statistics and disclosure Ongoing testing of post-investment loan management EquityBond PE M&A CreditPre-investment loan risk control 20Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Insurance Risk Management Mechanism Ping An continuously studies and monitors the risks of global climate changes (including rising temperature and extreme climate disasters) and those of social changes (including social demographic change, high risk diseases). Ping An uses innovative technology to establish a risk management system and comprehensively manages ESG-related risks, so as to manage and avoid insurance risks, and ensure reasonable pricing for insurance products in view of ESG risks. In addition, Ping An has adopted targeted measures to manage the ESG risks of insurance products. For innovative products, Ping An actively communicates with its peers, particularly reinsurance companies, to obtain more valid information and analytical data to prevent excessive risk exposure. Reinsurance is an important means for risk control of the Company, playing a key role in risk transfer, steady operation, technology improvement, and underwriting capacity expansion. It facilitates steady operation and sustainability of the Company. A reinsurance management system has been developed to ensure smooth performance of reinsurance functions. Reasonable arrangements for di erent types of reinsurance are made, and ESG risks are transferred and controlled by means of reinsurance contracts. Product developmentRisk prevention, and underwriting and claimsProduct managementReinsurance Ping An conducts ESG risk assessment for new insurance products and sets reasonable prices to manage insurance risks. In terms of environmental pollution, Ping An Property & Casualty has launched ocean carbon sink index insurance to detect changes in the marine environment through the carbon sink index and protect marine life. The functions of cloud service platforms focusing on environmental liability insurance and risk control include environment pollution sensitivity mapping, professional information, risk control toolkits and risk assessment models across 18 sectors. It can o er risk management of the whole process services to clients, reinforce the risk monitoring and early warning management and improve environmental risk governance. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 03Sustainable BusinessPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Adopting the responsible investment philosophy, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Responsible Investment, which identi es the scope of application of responsible investment and further explains its responsible investment strategy. Ping An also issued Ping An s Policy Statement on Coal Business, which emphasises strict measures to control investment in industries with high pollution and emissions on a policy level. The principles concerning Ping An s responsible investment include ESG integration, the active shareholder, thematic investing, prudence, and transparency. Responsible Investing Responsible Investment PolicyPrinciples of responsible investment 1 Principle of active shareholder 2 4 53Ping An incorporates ESG factors into the investment decision making and proactively develops the CN-ESG smart evaluation system, which could serve as the evaluation criteria and basis of investment for listed companies, bond issuers and ESG due diligence of projects. Ping An makes full use of shareholder's positive in uence by way of ESG communication and guidance and stewardship, urges the invested businesses to improve ESG performance and o er practicable suggestion based on their conditions, so as to guide them to develop in a healthy manner. Ping An deeply practices the development concept of inclusive nance and green nance with the focus on sustainability-themed investment strategies on environmental protection involving environment restoration and clean energy. It also concentrates on the investment tactics which may bring about extra social bene ts involving rural revitalization and inclusive nance. Ping An is committed to not investing in controversial industries and regions. Ping An also adopts conditional exclusion strategies on serious polluting and energy-consuming projects. Investment in thermal power and coal industries will apply prudence. Principle of ESG integration Principle of thematic investing Principle of transparencyPrinciple of prudenceResponsible investment is essentially a value investment, which requires the philosophy of social responsibilities to be incorporated into investment decision-making. Ping An hopes that every investment decision can create a positive environmental and social impact. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An proactively integrates ESG issues into the process of basic research, analysis and decision-making. For instance, we consider climate change, low-carbon transition, physical risk and other ESG factors when making decisions to invest in assets of all categories. Responsible Investment System Building of ESG investment system Integration of ESG factors in investment decision making ESG due diligence Formulation of the Positive Negative Investment List Use and improve the CN ESG evaluation system, assess ESG performance of investment objectives and make investment decisions based on the evaluation scores provided by the systems Encourage integration of ESG factors and other crucial factors in nancial forecasting and valuation and take full account of and adjust, if necessary, all variables available to make investment decisions On the basis of national policies, market dynamics, industry conditions and peer benchmarking, formulate the Negative Investment List and the Positive Investment List De ne targeted criteria for ESG due diligence of investment projects and integrate ESG factors in investment decision making Investigate substantive ESG issues during the due diligence phase and record ESG issues in the investment memorandum Equity Fixed income Private equity (PE) Real estateMeasures Focus areas Scope In 2022, Ping An ESG Investment Research Team incorporated the CN-ESG score into the research and analysis of the MoM (Manager of Managers) fund portfolio. The Team analysed and compared the ESG scores of each sub-fund manager's portfolio and conducted a multi-dimensional analysis of the investment income performance and ESG performance, ESG information disclosure integrity, market value factor and industrial carbon emission characteristics to explore the relationship between ESG factors and return on investment. By implementing the principle of active shareholders, monitoring portfolio investees, and recognizing the risks and opportunities investees face in the journey of long-term value creation strategy, Ping An actively engages with investees and leads them towards healthy development. Ping An conducts stewardship among the Group s important strategic investees and companies highly relevant to the Group s ESG strategy. In terms of stewardship structure, Ping An has established a three-tier structure with the Group's Investment Portfolio Management Committee and Investment Portfolio Management Center and the subsidiary's Investment Portfolio Management Center. In the 2022 strategic investment portfolio management guideline, Ping An Group has clearly put forward the need to focus on the hazards and risks that the investees may bring to the environment and society in their business activities and established relevant reporting and listing management systems. stewardship shareholder meetings for strategic investment projectsover 120 10Proposals involving ESG-related issues 25Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green investment and nancing 282. 363 in RMB billionInclusive investment and nancing 33. 444 in RMB billionResponsible investment and nancing 1. 79 in RMB trillionAs of the end of 2022, the scale of Ping An s responsible investment and nancing reached RMB 1. 79 trillion, of which green investment and nancing was recorded RMB 282. 363 billion. Inclusive investment and nancing reached RMB 33. 444 billion, and social investment and nancing was RMB 1. 48 trillion. The Impact of Responsible Investment and FinancingIn 2022, as part of restructuring e orts for the Peking University Founder Group, Ping An supported the Founder Group in risk resolution work. Our professional team in charge of compliance and recti cation worked closely with investors and administrators in Zhuhai and the management of the Founder Group in this regard. Guided by ESG philosophy, we have formulated the management principles of stable business, management and team and risk control. We o ered guidance to the Founder Group on restructuring from three dimensions of environment, social and corporate governance, and helped them ensure sound operation. We assisted Founder Group in e ectively resolving huge debts and major nancial risks, safeguarding the interests of the majority of creditors, while steadily securing jobs for 40, 000 employees, and improving employee compensation and bene ts packages, training and career development path planning. We supported Founder Group in signi cantly improving its governance structure and management mechanisms to guard against major risks. Environmental Social Corporate governance Social investment and nancing 1. 48 in RMB trillionCase of stewardship practice Restructuring of Peking University Founder Group 26Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Performance of Responsible Investment and Financing (in RMB million) (1) The estimation scope of responsible investment and nancing covers all nancial products of the Group (except banks) that participated as issuers and investors. Insurance funds include the insurance funds of Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Health Insurance. Green investment and nancing refer to the types of projects, such as green nancing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by the Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Inclusive investment and nancing include supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, rural revitalization and shanty town transformation. The project aims to facilitate the development of new energy enterprises and further develop the markets of new energy battery technology and application, thus driving the high-quality development of China's new energy industry. Responsible Investment and Financing Practices The rst green-certi ed green insurance debt investment plan in China In September 2022, Ping An invested RMB 3. 5 billion in the Nanchang-Ningdu Expressway project in the form of debt investment to improve the ecological environment around the expressway, enhance resource utilisation e ciency and promote green and low-carbon transformation. Issuing China's rst supply chain (payable) green asset-backed commercial paper In 2022, Ping An Trust issued China's rst supply chain (payable) green asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP), which is also the rst asset-backed commercial paper business of China State Construction Engineering Corporation. The 19 projects corresponding to all the pooled assets of the paper belong to the green industry. While boosting the green industry, the project also actively promotes the application of asset securitisation in the green industry. The project was awarded the Green Finance Pioneer Innovation Award by the Financial Society of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone in 2022. The plan aims to help small and micro enterprises in the Yangtze River Delta by leveraging social capital. Guided by the national rural revitalization strategy and green development concept, the trusts comprehensively invest in agricultural machinery, sales of agricultural products, ower and grain farming and other areas, to drive the transformation and upgrading of modern agriculture. The project fully demonstrated Ping An Securities' innovative ability and ful lled its philosophy and commitment to follow the national strategy and support the green development of the real economy. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Strategy Sustainable Insurance Product SystemPing An has fully integrated ESG factors into core business development strategies, including its insurance business. In addition, Ping An has developed the Ping An Group s Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance based on the Sustainable Insurance Principles (PSI) introduced by the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEPFI) and proposed four principles of sustainable insurance Ping An constantly enhances the integration of ESG factors into its product development, design and evaluation, and increases product innovation in order to continuously improve and enrich the sustainable insurance portfolios. In 2022, Ping An actively responded to China s Carbon Neutrality strategy and further strengthened the development of green insurance products and services. At the same time, Ping An keeps tracking the changes in demand in the insurance market due to the changing health trends of China s population and accelerated urbanisation. Ping An is committed to incorporating ESG philosophies into its insurance business, guiding insurance product design toward sustainable development so as to become a trustworthy insurance company. Through the application of cutting-edge technology, Ping An continues to improve its service quality and e ciency, o ering more assured and convenient services to clients. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Major categories of Ping An Sustainable InsuranceUnderwriting and Claims Incorporate ESG risk factors (including climate risks and emerging social risks) and adjust the estimated incidence and risk premium in the actuarial and pricing process Conduct research on potential ESG-related risks such as climate change, demographic changes and changing health trends, integrate technological innovation into risk management by establishing a system to manage insurance risks Fully consider the needs of various social groups and design targeted products and services Investigate the impact of projects on the environment, including project location, production technology, management, pollution treatment and environmental protection measures Stop underwriting new engineering insurance policies for overseas coal and thermal power business Leverage arti cial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing and other technologies to provide customers with technological innovation services suitable for di erent scenarios, as well as fast, convenient and transparent underwriting and claim services so as to improve the service quality and e ciencyProduct and Service Design UnderwritingManagement Measures for ESG Integration Insurance Process Liability Insurance Medical Insurance Annuity Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Insurance for Small and Micro Business Operation Insurance for Sannong (Agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents) Insurance for Special Group Green Insurance Social Insurance Inclusive Insurance ESG risk insurance Green industry insurance Green life insurance 30Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Integrating climate risk into the actuarial model to improve product pricing accuracy To fully address the impact of climate risks, Ping An Property & Casualty has applied environmental data related to climate risks to various aspects of insurance pricing and risk management. In the actuarial pricing model, Ping An Property & Casualty has fully utilised climate hazard data through research and development, validation and application. Sustainable Insurance Impact Ping An has integrated its diversi ed insurance business with ESG philosophies and leveraged the risk protection attributes of insurance products from the aspects of responding to climate change, supporting green industries, serving small and micro enterprises and providing coverage for special groups, contributing to environmental, social, and economic sustainability. Performance of Sustainable Insurance (in RMB million) Green Insurance Social Insurance Inclusive Insurance Premium income 25, 105 490, 951 29, 492 Insured amount 176, 931, 602 535, 408, 482 144, 911, 316 (1) According to the Green Insurance Statistics System issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, green insurance covers three aspects 1) coverage against ESG risks. Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as food safety insurance), medical insurance and critical illness insurance. Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, insurance for vulnerable groups and insurance for small and micro enterprises. Research and development phase Natural disaster data is processed into factor variables that can be used for modeling, matched with insurance claims data, and the factor e ects are veri ed on a case-by-case basis for major covered catastrophe liabilitiesand introduced into the actuarial pricing model. Validation phase Application phaseGreen InsurancePing An's Sustainable Insurance Practices Application esample visual map of ood-damaged vehecles 31Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Catastrophe insurance in Shenzhen In 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty underwrote a catastrophe insurance project for the Emergency Management Bureau of Shenzhen as the main contractor for the rst time. At the same time, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance carried out research to study disaster characteristics and response mechanisms and assist in preparing disaster data analysis reports, which provide a reference for government decisions. For the rst time, the resettlement compensation cost has been directly compensated to the individual victims of the disaster. The system has a 1km 1km resolution and can give early warnings 48 hours in advance. With DRS 2. 0 and the catastrophe management platform, Ping An Property & Casualty can provide tailored accurate early warning and prevention guidance to customers via AI phone, messages, Hao Bang Shou Qi Ye Bao and other platforms, assisting customers in taking immediate precautionary measures. During the disaster, Ping An Property & Casualty coordinates human resources, relief supplies and other resources, and o ers customers e cient rescue and claim settlement services. As of the end of December 2022, the DRS 2. 0 sent out 4. 41 million disaster prevention and early warnings to 2. 23 million customers through message, Wechat, and other methods, which reduced over RMB 200 million loss for customers in total. Green Insurance Disaster prevention and early warnings messages Reducing loss for customers4. 41 million 200 in RMB millionCatastrophe Index Insurance Ping An Property & Casualty has incorporated the characteristics of catastrophe insurance and index insurance to launch the Catastrophe Index Insurance. The insurance is based on the disaster indexes of heavy rainfall and typhoons, and the amount of compensation can be determined according to the policy regulations without on-site survey and loss assessment. In this way, relief time is greatly saved, and e ciency in disaster relief is improved. The insurance is conducive to promoting the reconstruction of public facilities after disasters, e ectively supporting the development of the real economy. After the disaster, Ping An Property & Casualty issued the disaster warning and opened the green channel for claim settlement. After receipt of the claim le of the heavy rainfall disaster, the catastrophe index insurance payout of RMB 82. 8 million was completed in only 3 working days. Catastrophe index insurance compensation in Shaoguan Site of catastrophe insurance claim settlement service in Shenzhen 32Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green building performance liability insurance In March 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty launched the green building performance liability insurance, through the mode of service insurance, participating in the whole process of the green building performance construction management of enterprises from green design to green operation. Ping An Property & Casualty is also responsible for the economic compensation after the risk of green star rating, so that the green building and green star rating is put into practice to help create a green building development environment in which people are put in the rst place, performance is emphasised and quality is improved. Design sketch of the rst green construction project of green nancial services in NingboOcean carbon sink index insurance To accelerate the achievement of dual carbon goals, Ping An Property & Casualty has innovatively explored a development path of ocean carbon sinks that are of market value and environmentally friendly. Ping An Property & Casualty launched ocean carbon sink index insurance. When speci c changes occur in the marine environment, resulting in damage to kelp and shell sh and algae organisms and weakening carbon sinks, Ping An Property & Casualty will pay compensations, which can be used for post-disaster rescue of marine biological carbon sink resources and ecosystem protection and restoration. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty provided carbon risk coverage of RMB 400, 000 for algae organisms in Changhai county, Dalian City. Ping An Property & Casualty became the rst insurer to provide carbon sink insurance services in the land marine ecosystems and provided coverage of RMB 43. 4 million of this kind in total. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property & Casualty provided RMB 813. 7 billion of risk coverage for employees of more than 130, 000 enterprises. Ensuring a better life for new urban citizens In order to cope with the new trend of urbanization and meet the needs of new urban citizens, Ping An Life launched the exclusive Xin An - Million Medical Insurance, which provides inpatient medical coverage worth millions, which covers general inpatient medical care and critical illness inpatient medical care, as well as one-stop inpatient services covering the whole process of hospitalisation, and an integrated medical solution of medical expense payment medical care services for new citizens. In addition, to meet the needs of new urban citizens in their daily travels, Ping An Life launched the Xin'an - Travel Accident Insurance, which covers general accidents, public transportation accidents and accidental medical care during work and life. The Insurance can be customised according to actual needs, providing accident protection for new urban citizens. As of the end of December 2022, the two insurance products provided nearly RMB 10 million in insurance coverage for new urban citizens. The model of underwriting based on orders was pioneered in the bike-sharing industry, with an average daily orders of 10 million. While guaranteeing the safe use of shared bicycles, Ping An also encourages consumers to choose low-carbon modes of travel. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Ping An has always adhered to the ESG concept in its banking business. It has adhered to the sustainable development concept of responsibility creates value, sincere returns to the society as its core value, actively ful lled its environmental responsibility, social responsibility and economic responsibility. It also fully implemented the green, social and inclusive sustainable development concept in credit business and other nancing businesses by continuously deepening the responsible banking business system. Responsible banking promotes the comprehensive uni cation of various bene ts, realize the organic combination of commercial value and social value, and promotes the sustainable development of the environment, economy and society. The Bank constantly optimizes the technological application and risk management to build itself into a value-creating and branded bank with strong operation and management capabilities 34Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking System Require customer managers to conduct on-site investigations into enterprises environment management, pollution emission, production safety and other aspects, granting no admission to those failing to meet environmental protection standardsStrictly review projects compliance on initiation, land use, environmental assessment, energy conservation, labor safety, etc. Customer AdmissionReview and ApprovalLending ReviewPost-loan MonitoringPre-loan Investigation Link of Credit ESG Measures Formulate credit policy covering 90 industries (including agriculture industry, animal husbandry industry, high energy production industry, mining industry, oil and gas industry, etc.) and adopt di erentiated admission approach, setting higher requirements for risky industries to improve risk management levelPing An Bank has established mature and systematic processes for internal control and operation of credit business and incorporated environmental, social and governance risks into all stages of credit granting. In addition, Ping An Bank clearly de nes the reporting process of ESG risks and provides detailed information on thresholds of escalation, giving additional examples for due diligence when necessary. Upholding the red line of environmental and social risks, Ping An Bank implements its right of veto for projects or enterprises that are prohibited by the government or fall foul of environmental protection regulations. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Impact By the end of December 2022, the scale of Ping An s responsible banking had reached nearly RMB 1. 10 trillion, of which green banking recorded nearly RMB 182. 089 billion, inclusive banking nearly RMB 653. 427 billion, and social banking nearly RMB 262. 151 billion. Green banking covers green credit, green bonds, green trust, green leases, green asset securitisation, etc. Social banking covers infrastructure construction, health care, education and culture, rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. Inclusive banking covers supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, etc. With the support of carbon reduction calculation provided by China UnionPay and Shanghai Environment Exchange, the platform provides users with the ability to calculate carbon emission reduction in various scenarios such as daily transportation. Green Banking Scan code to learn about the Low Carbon Home personal carbon account 37Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Bank's cumulative loans to small and micro enterprises 130 in RMB billion Served 1, 160 small and medium-sized banksSatellite remote sensing empowers inclusive nance On August 9, 2022, Ping An Bank and its partner successfully launched Ping An No. 3, the Bank s earth observation optical remote sensing satellite. Ping An No. 3 carries a non-contact and long-distance detection technology which is not restricted by ground conditions and enables cross-veri cation and supplementation to the IoT data. Ping An No. 3 will join IoT satellites Ping An No. 1 and Ping An No. 2, to ensure unimpeded nancial service channels and help expand the inclusiveness of nancial services. As of the end of 2022, the Bank served 1, 160 small and medium-sized banks, including 1, 010 rural nancial institutions. Through inter-bank cooperation, the Bank has extended nancial services to counties, villages and other areas. Ping An Bank also launched mobile service vehicles equipped with remote counter FB3. 0 and provided more than 80 non-cash retail business services such as account opening, change, transfer and remittance through face recognition, remote video and other technologies to create a mobile outlet model. Mobile service vehicles support services on holiday and emergency door-to-door services in remote areas and are planned to be extended to remote villages and other areas with poor nancial service Digitalization helps nance small and micro enterprises In 2022, to ease nancing di culties for small and micro enterprises, especially those which can t get loans through traditional bank channels, Ping An Bank brought several credit products to the market. These products, with a credit limit up to RMB 2 million, are highly accessible and digitalized online and can meet the needs of small and micro enterprises for short-term, frequent and rapid nancing without going to bank counters. By the end of December 2022, the total balance of such loans had approached RMB 130 billion. Social and Inclusive Banking Successful launch of satellite 38Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Embracing the philosophy of providing professional and honest services, creating value and contributing to society, Ping An gives full support to the Healthy China initiative. Responsible Products Responsible Product Strategy In response to trends such as population aging, urbanization and changes in the natural environment, Ping An is committed to developing responsible products based on its business advantages and the strategic planning of integrated nance healthcare. Moreover, it promotes healthy lifestyles, upgrades the channels to provide high-quality healthcare services and improves integrated healthcare solutions, trying to provide customers with worry-free, time-saving, and money-saving healthcare and elderly care service. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Insurance HealthcareResponsible Product System With years of operation and management experience in insurance and healthcare industries, Ping An innovatively launched a Chinese version of Managed Care Operation. It combines di erentiated healthcare services with nancial services for the payer, creating a closed loop of supply, demand and payment and integrating the supplier on behalf of the payer. In 2022, by virtue of experience in Managed Care Operation and the advantages of insurance coverage and service ecosystem, Ping An upgraded its one-stop healthcare service solutions in a comprehensive and targeted manner. In addition, Ping An improved its ability to provide healthcare services, hoping to gather more healthcare resources and social forces to contribute to the cause of Healthy China. By the end of December 2022, more than 145 million of the Group s individual customers had used the services provided by the healthcare ecosystem. Ping An Group promotes the development of the health management service system for enterprise employees, with sales to corporate customers growing steadily, servingmore than 25 million employees in more than 55, 000 enterprises. Insurance Elderly Care Based on the philosophy of heart-warming insurance, Ping An, by virtue of its nancial strength and technological empowerment as well as resource integration ability and rst-mover advantage, has increased the supply of competitive products based on customer demands. In addition, Ping An launched elderly care services featuring insurance home-based elderly care and insurance high-end elderly care under the Group s healthcare ecosystem to help more elderly people embrace high-quality lifestyles and contribute to the improvement of people's livelihood. As China s population continues to age, people are gradually realizing the importance of health management and quality life. By relying on advantages of One Ping An, Ping An serves customers via the model of 1 smart assistant, 1 dedicated butler and many expert consultants, which integrates healthcare, accommodation, nursing, food, leisure and other service scenarios to build a lifecycle service platform under a strict supervision system. This solution o ers elderly people one-stop home-based elderly care service and help them to live a digni ed home-based life. By the end of December 2022, Ping An home-based elderly care service has covered 32 cities nationwide, with over 500 service items. million individual customers had used the services provided by the healthcare ecosystem 55, 000 enterprisesCovering 25 millionServing32 citiesPing An home-based elderly care service has covered corporate employees 40Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ensure service quality by managing service Order performance Process standards Results HealthcareFoodAccommodationMobilityFinance Elderly careHealthcare Leisure Nursing Safety 3 Butlers1 Supervision System 10 Service ScenariosLife Butler Family Doctor Butler Smart Butler Risks Ping An home-based elderly care service system 41Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 04Sustainable Operations and CommunityPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Ping An actively undertakes Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and leverages its capabilities in nancial business to boost the development of the real economy. Ping An makes full use of insurance funds, bank credit, asset management and other nancial resources to continuously improve nancial services with wider coverage to boost the development of the real economy. As of the end of December 2022, we invested a total of more than RMB 7. 89 trillion to support the development of the real economy, covering major infrastructure projects such as energy, transportation and water conservancy. Ping An responds to the national strategic plan, brings into play the insurance protection function, and takes action to develop a risk protection network in aerospace, energy, transportation and other elds. In 2022, Ping An Property&Casualty, as the chief underwriter, o ered the launch insurance and third-party liability insurance for the Long March 8 Yao-2 carrier rocket. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Property&Casualty had provided risk protection of over RMB 2. 5 trillion for more than 1, 000 major engineering and construction projects in China, and also provided insurance protection for public facility construction in 105 countries and regions. In 2022, Ping An Asset Management supported Xiamen Railway, Ningbo Rail Transit, Sichuan Road Bridge, Jinan-Zhengzhou High-speed Railway and other key transportation infrastructure projects through multiple ways such as debt and equity, and increased transportation infrastructure investment by RMB 39. 4 billion. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Bank used satellite technology to establish the Ping An Nebula IoT Platform with more than 20 million IoT terminals connected to the platform, supporting nancing of the real economy with a total amount of over RMB 650 billion. Ping An Puhui accumulatively served 19. 02 million borrowers, with 80 of new loans granted to small and micro businesses for ve consecutive quarters. On the basis of insurance, Ping An plays a guiding role in coordinating the resources of technology, healthcare, platforms, customers and brands to promote the development of rural Party organizations and rural revitalization modes. As of the end of December 2022, the Party branches of various institutions of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance established 442 joint Party building points with the grassroots village Party branches in various areas and took 964 bene cial actions with covered 678, 000 people. Since our participation in the assistance program in 2016, Ping An has contributed signi cantly to completing purchases worth over RMB 600 million. Supportive Agricultural Products PurchasePing An constantly increases its public welfare assistance to special groups and the rural economy. Rural Public Welfare Assistance(1) Village O cer Program Creating a Closed Loop of Integrated Assistance Contributed to completing purchases worth over Mother's needlework embroidery scene Mother's needlework - The sun's secret embroidery ornaments Mother's needlework - blessing word ne plate gold embroidery ornamentsPing An Sustainability Report 2022 45OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 600 in RMB millionScan the code for more information To improve the literacy of science and technology, literature, sports and mental health, Ping An has built the ve major projects of Ping An Education public welfare by utilising hardware maintenance, volunteer course teaching, remote training, summer camps and scholarship for students teachers. Village Teacher Program Bridging the Urban-Rural Gap in Education In 2022, Ping An constantly promoted volunteer teaching actions. In terms of reading, sports as well as science and technology, we carried out volunteer teaching actions themed on Happy Children in various locations. The lectures were delivered on live broadcasts from various platforms such as WeChat public accounts, video accounts, China Media Group Mobile and China Education Network Television(CENTV), fostering the cultural atmosphere of social welfare and comprehensively contributing to improving rural education quality. In 2022, 37. 337 million people participated in the live lectures of scene masters. Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for TeenagersCarefree Childhood Care for the Mental Health of Rural ChildrenPing An Sustainability Report 2022 46OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Volunteer teaching in Ping An Hope Primary School Watching a online planetarium master lecture at Machang Primary School, Jinbi Town, Qianxi, Guizhou3, 592 hoursPing An's total volunteer teaching hours in 2022 37. 337 million person-timesLive lectures of scene masters of Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers covered Children at Pingan Hope Primary School in Jinhua, Zhejiang Province Ping An continued to carry out the programs of mobile physical examination and free clinic activities. We o er free physical examination services to villagers, including physical examination and auxiliary diagnosis and treatment, which helped them identify physical health problems, raised their health awareness and improved the local healthcare services. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An carried out 8 mobile physical examinations and free clinic activities, with the reference query above for this healthcare 1, 150 times. Village Doctor Program Continuous E orts on Building a Healthy Village Rural Areas Support Program Ping An improves the models of Insurance. Focusing on industrial assistance, Ping An supports industrial development by helping solve the nancing problems of agriculture-related industries at the front end, providing risk protection for featured agriculture at the middle end and empowering brand building of agricultural products at the back end. Through the program, Ping An gives full play to Ping An's advantages of integrated nance healthcare and o ers insurance, nancial and healthcare services to rural areas, with the aim of developing advantageous agricultural industries and building a harmonious and beautiful countryside. In this way, Ping An helps ensure stable agricultural and increased production and steady increase in farmers' income, and build stable and tranquil rural areas. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An carried out 84 revitalization insurance projects, provided funds of RMB 1. 421 billion to support industries and helped 433, 000 rural households increase their average annual incomes by RMB 12, 000. Financing Support before Production To cope with the risks that may arise in the production process, Ping An actively implemented the model of insurance technology and developed more types of agricultural insurance with local features. We also popularized insurance protection for featured agriculture-related industries and gave full play to the role of insurance as a stabiliser for economic development, to lift the worries of farmers covered by the insurance and further promote the development of featured industries. Through the model of one item, one code, one insurance, the full process information of agricultural products from eld to table is presented to consumers. In this way, the brand value and risk response level of agricultural products are increased, and the digital operation management and brand marketing capability agricultural enterprises are enhanced. Risk Protection during Production 900Assisting the sales of more than 110, 000Issuing more than To support local economic development, Ping An promotes industrial revitalization with its advantages of integrated nance technology. O ering Financial Services in Rural Areas Cultivation of new growth drivers for ProsperitySales Promotion after Production Ping An took an active part in facilitating sales for agriculture-related industries to e ectively promote the scale development of featured industries and adopts the industrial development system of one village, one product, one town, one industry as the main way to develop featured agriculture and promote industrial revitalization. Utilising science and technology resources, the Ping An Auto Owner platform provided a platform for the sales of provincial premium agricultural products. With sales channels for agricultural products opened and consumer bases expanded, 123 enterprises settled, and 900 kinds of agricultural products were sold. Financial Service Support Ping An has developed the Digital Village, the rst mini program for rural areas, to provide integrated digital village services with the support of satellites, IoT and the mini program. In addition, we provide 13 integrated services including rural revitalization debit cards, wealth management, loan, digital cultural tourism, farmer-aiding stores and rural talent training classes to digitalize nancial and government services. At the same time, Ping An provided rural revitalization card owners with personal accident insurance and free online diagnosis services. In 2022, the Ping An Public Welfare Platform was o cially launched on Ping An Public Welfare Day and became the only online public o ering information platform approved by the Ministry of Civil A airs in the nancial and insurance industry. Ping An encourages employees, customers and others to jointly participate in public welfare. At the same time, Ping An builds a diversi ed and high-quality education platform for the majority of teenagers and always pays attention to the growth and development of special needs groups. Ping An carries out public welfare actions to protect biodiversity and promote the concept of ecological development, striving to create an atmosphere of harmonious development between man and nature. Education Biodiversity Protection Inspiration Program Helping Others Realize Dreams Ping An pays continuous attention to the education of special needs groups. This program improves their communication and employability skills and help them overcome di culties in employment and better integrate into society. The program focused on the di culties and needs faced by new citizens and set up scholarships worth millions to encourage young people to come up with innovative plans of products and services to help new citizens settle in cities, thus further facilitating the sustainable development of society. A total of 1, 834 submissions from 632 universities were received and 6, 500 people participated in this competition. The contest not only helps new citizens lead a better life with the wisdom of young people but also develops the ability of young people to serve society. In 2022, the Ping An Guardian Action - National Park project o cially landed in the Ya'an area of Giant Panda National Park. We planted 50, 000 samplings and established more than 600 mu of giant panda habitat corridor, e ectively assisting local ecological forest transformation and restoration and improving the quality of habits. Giant Panda Protection ProjectIn 2022, Ping An launched the project to protect South China tigers and donated RMB 1. 5 million to upgrade the breeding and research bases, improve the living environment of baby tigers and conduct science popularization. Tiger Protection Project Scan the code for more information Nanjing Yucai library unveiling ceremonyPing An Sustainability Report 2022 50OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix In 2022, Ping An organized various public welfare activity in di erent places with the community as the center. Ping An focused on the elds of elderly care, reading, health management, continued to communicate with residents in the community of various places and actively responded to social issues. By simulating the home environment and the state of elderly life, the micro exhibition hall presented elderly-friendly furniture, auxiliary equipment and appliances in bathrooms, bedrooms, kitchens, living rooms and other scenes and had relevant introductions to the common sense of aging at home. The activity helped residents understand the professional knowledge of aging transformation and let the elderly experience at-home care life and understood the necessity and convenience of various transformations. We guided and served the community to read by donating Yucai Library to the community, building a community volunteer team and carrying out activities to create a scholarly community. uni00A0At the same time, Ping An also provided the public with new forms of reading by providing audiobooks and introducing 5G reading, which enriches the reading experience of the public and enabled residents to have a good reading experience at their doorstep. During the event, Ping An Life actively supported the China Red project, provided a series of free health management services for the public, o ered free assistance to people with chronic diseases, established personal health management les, coordinated online and o ine expert consultations and provided free consultation services for patients. As of the end of 2022, the number of online participants exceeded one million, and more than 70, 000 users signed up for the chronic disease management service. We o er volunteers green energy points, which are earned based on their volunteering hours and can be redeemed for a variety of bene ts, to reward them. Moreover, each volunteer is provided with a piece of digital artwork with a unique identi er. A new low-carbon model for volunteering In 2022, under the guidance of the China Public Relations Association and the China Society of Emergency Management, Ping An and the China Social Assistance Foundation took the lead in launching the 1 N government-enterprise collaboration model for emergency management in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. Ping An volunteer emergency rescue team was established and used Ping An's accumulated experience in such elds as disaster prevention and mitigation and overseas rescue to provide government, enterprises and residents with standardised disaster prevention and mitigation services such as risk screening, emergency drills, risk education, and insurance protection. At the same time, the team built a comprehensive disaster reduction demonstration community and took more public welfare actions for disaster prevention and reduction to further guide and mobilises the public to participate in emergency management, have greater awareness of disaster prevention and reduction, master basic rst aid skills, improve self-help and mutual rescue capabilities, thus build a solid people's defense line for disaster prevention, mitigation and relief. Ping An Emergency Volunteer Services Since its establishment in 2018, Ping An Volunteers Association has continuously expanded the size of the team and actively expanded the service areas. Volunteers devote themselves to assuming CSR in a systematic, regular, professional and targeted manner. As of the end of December 2022, Ping An Volunteer Association has set up branches in 20 regions across China, covering 27 subsidiaries of the Group. Meanwhile, with the San Cun Hui online public welfare platform, Ping An provided channels of mutual aid for the public, and a total of 3, 554 public welfare activities around us events were launched. As of the end of December 2022, the total number of registered users of the platform reached 3. 46 million, among which 571, 515 were Ping An employees and agent volunteers. Under the leadership of the Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors, Ping An actively implements various requirements for the protection of consumers rights and interests and integrates consumer rights protection into its corporate governance. Ping An continuously improves the internal audit mechanism for the protection of consumers rights and interests, actively implements relevant requirements and work accordingly. Ping An fosters the culture that emphasises the protection of consumers rights and interests internally and externally. Internally, Ping An has deepened the building of a fair and honest culture regarding the protection of consumers rights and interests through various means, such as establishing a daily reporting mechanism, building a platform for cross-region experience sharing, holding regular management exchange seminars, and conducting targeted training. At the same time, Ping An has formulated compulsory courses and conducted related training on the protection of consumers rights and interests for all new employees to convey a correct concept in this regard. Externally, Ping An actively carries out various thematic publicity to popularize basic nancial knowledge and improve the literacy of nancial consumers. Under the initiative, various nancial knowledge publicity activities were organized for communities and campuses in conjunction with the government and the police, so as to spread relevant knowledge on preventing and combating nancial crimes and insurance fraud to the public, and to build a defense line of nancial security. Ping An Guardian Initiative - anti-fraud publicity by Ping An Life jointly with the policePing An Sustainability Report 2022 52OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Guardian Initiative In 2022, Ping An Fund Management organized 315 International Consumer Rights Publicity Week, Anti-money Laundering Publicity Month, Financial Knowledge Popularization Month and others, and distributed 34, 010 original physical investment education products, building an investor communication channel integrating online live streaming o ine communication, of which the online live streaming courses received 3. 5 million views and obtained positive feedback. Financial knowledge popularization Ping An Puhui comprehensively upgraded the C Maintenance Action, mobilised front-line employees of all branches and agencies across the country, and jointly carried out online and o ine nancial anti-fraud publicity activities with public security, supervision, community and street units to further strengthened the public's awareness of preventing nancial fraud risks. As of the end of 2022, the o ine Guardian Action activities covered more than 190 cities with more than 920 activities carried out in total. More than 80 of the activities were held in collaboration with the police anti-fraud centers, consumer associations, media and other authoritative organizations. More than 30, 000 employees became volunteers for consumer protection and provided nancial protection for more than millions of new urban citizens. In terms of online nancial knowledge popularization, Ping An Puhui cooperated with Nandu Big Data Research Institute, China Europe International Business School and other authoritative institutions for many years to leverage the advantages of digital technology and online nancial education to spread nancial knowledge through online channels in innovative ways. Relevant publicity materials were read more than 440 million times and anti-fraud videos were played 5 million times. At the same time, Ping An Securities has developed various forms of investor education publicity materials, such as cartoons, pictures and texts, animations, micro- lms, and posters. The activities are publicised through clients, WeChat and the o cial website of Ping An Securities Investor Education Base, covering more than 10 million investors. Investor education activities In 2022, Ping An Trust actively practised the concept of nance for people and education rst. Ping An Trust constantly develops new digital nancial publicity modes to improve the quality and e ciency of nancial education, thus guiding nancial consumers to develop the concept of rational investment and risk prevention. In 2022, Ping An Trust's nancial publicity work was recognized and awarded the title of Excellent Organization Unit of Shenzhen Financial Publicity Activities in 2022 by the Shenzhen O ce of China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. Pingxinerlun joint learning and building lectures to improve the quality and e ciency of nancial education Ping An Trust held Pingxinerlun joint learning and building lecture Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 53OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An's age-friendly service model Ping An is actively exploring the ageing-friendly service model for its elderly customers, and is protecting the needs of elderly customers through technological innovation and service care. With a focus on and in active response to customer demands, Ping An sets up multiple communication channels to deliver e cient and high-quality services. Ping An expands channels for complaints in the process of complaint acceptance, setting up complaint entries on the o cial website, sales systems, WeChat public account, etc. In addition, a dedicated consumer rights hotline 4001666333 has been launched, equipped with professional customer agent team for 24 7 service, to quickly respond and resolve consumer consultations and complaints with professional and reasonable solutions. By the end of 2022, the dedicated consumer rights hotline had got connected with 25. 14 million calls, averaging 68, 896 daily, with the connection rate at 99. 3. Speci cally, Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance designates online exclusive managers for customers to help answer and handle problems encountered to avoid any inconvenience, provides a self-service claim settlement channel, vehicle repair reservation, loss assessment within required time limit and other services that would help save customers time, establishes an one-hour complaint resolution mechanism to shorten customers waiting time, creating the most convenient service covering the whole process. Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance also integrates premium industrial resources based on the vehicle service platform to save money for customers while ensuring maintenance quality. Ping An actively explores service models and caters for elderly users through technological innovation and caring services Improving Customer Service Experience Install corner protectors for counters, set specialized rest area with wheelchairs, walking sticks, presbyopic glasses and medicine box to create a warm service environment for the elderly. Personalized counters Set up specialized service hotline which enables elderly customers over 60 years old to get connected to the dedicated human customer service by calling 95511. The online calling service platform organizes all sta to learn relevant excellent cases and scripts, so as to improve the telephone service experience of elderly customers. Adaptive APPPing An Sustainability Report 2022 54OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix In 2022, Ping An Health organized 11 training sessions on customer service soft skills in June, September and November for sta in customer service hotline 1, customer service hotline 2 and the outbound calling centers. Di erent training courses were prepared for di erent customer service groups, including basic service awareness training for new employees, advanced service awareness and communication skills training for senior employees. The training helped to improve the overall service capability and quality of Ping An Health s customer service teams. Customer service soft skill training of Ping An HealthPing An Sustainability Report 2022 55OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Customer service soft skill training of Ping An Health 3, 000The number of Ping An Life outlets nationwide exceeds 300 citiesCover more thanTo further expand the scope of insurance services, Ping An has continued to optimize its network layout over the years, deepen and broaden the network rollout. By the end of December 2022, the number of Ping An Life outlets nationwide has exceeded 3, 000, covering more than 300 cities, reaching out to cities, towns and customers. At the same time, in order to solve the challenges faced by customers in remote areas in terms of handling over-the-counter business, underwriting insurance business and paying insurance claims, Ping An has actively developed online service tools such as smart customer service, intelligent underwriting and ash claims to ensure the timeliness and quality of insurance services. Enhancing the accessibility of insurance services by sticking to the principle of providing people-centered nancial services Regarding employees as the most valuable assets, Ping An insists on the management mission of a career plan, joyful work and easy life to maximise the value of all employees. We have formulated and strictly followed policies such as the Policy Statement on Employee Rights of Ping An Group to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of employees, and create a just, fair, harmonious, and healthy workplace. Through a comprehensive system for training and caring agents, Ping An strives to build an agent team with high-quality, high-performance and high output. Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Ping An insists on the people-center philosophy and respects, and actively protects the rights and interests of each employee. The Group is committed to creating a harmonious and inclusive work environment and always adheres to the one Ping An principle, promoting equality and diversity within the Group, ensuring equal opportunities for employees in recruitment, remuneration, bene ts, promotion and other employment matters, while avoiding child labor and forced labor, and not interfering with employees' rights to participate in legitimate associations or form associations. Once identi ed, such misconducts will be recti ed or disciplined in a strict manner. Employees Rights and InterestsEmployee Development and Welfare Ping An provides diversity, equality, and inclusiveness-related training to all employees, o ering courses such as Why Diverse Teams are Important for Organizational Success, Women's Growth Series, and Managing Cross-Cultural Teams to enhance employees' awareness of diversity, equality, and inclusiveness. Under the principle of work-based distribution, scienti c salary management is carried out in conjunction with employee performance appraisals to motivate employees to continuously improve their personal capabilities and grow with the company. At the same time, in order to encourage core personnel to serve the Company on a long-term basis and to establish a sound long-term incentive and discipline mechanism, Ping An has implemented a core personnel shareholding plan and a long-term service plan, details of which are set out in the Corporate Governance - Compensation and Incentive Mechanism section of this report. With the themes of Being the Tiebreaker in the Digital Era and Customer Marketing in the Digital Era, the program aims to develop senior managers' ability to lead digitally as a grip to empower digital transformation and help upgrade and break through marketing concepts and capabilities. A total of 352 senior managers attended and successfully Digitalization camp to management sta Ping An Group provides continuous and targeted training for employees at various levels during onboarding, promotion and potential progression. In 2022, the platform covered nearly 40, 000 people. Training system for key talents In 2022, in order to further improve the Group's existing training system and strengthen the relevance of job-speci c professional courses, Ping An invited business experts and experts in course construction to design and produce professional course systems for 22 key positions through o ine workshops, covering various job sequences such as marketing, technology and operations, e ectively complementing and upgrading the existing course system. At the same time, Ping An upgraded the resources of the position-specialized courses, sorting out the existing resources and introducing more than 300 new high-quality professional courses, bringing the total number of resources to nearly 1, 200, covering professional courses, professional cases, methods and tools to help employees better adapt to job requirements and complete their jobs. Position-specialized course systemcompleted the program, with participants accumulating nearly 7, 000 hours of learning. Through a selection of 52 Harvard classic courses case studies, 10 Harvard professors' live classes and business seminars, a learning interaction dual-driven community was built to e ectively connect cross-line business practices and We will broaden our thinking to better identify breakthroughs in business innovation. Focusing on the Group's development needs, Ping An has continuously enriched and improved its talent selection criteria and management system, established a diversi ed talent introduction and internal training mechanism, and stockpiled the best industry leaders and high-potential talents for the Group by both internal training and external attraction. Ping An organizes annual talent reviews and regular performance evaluation for key positions, setting up multiple assessment dimensions such as performance results, ability dimensions and development potential to ensure fair and e cient talent selection. In terms of talent appointment, Ping An adheres to the results-oriented approach and enables moving up and down, providing diversi ed promotion channels and implementing a tiered rotation scheme to build a broad stage for employees to give full play to their self-worth. Through online and o ine training and courses recommended by reference to performance, smart technology analysis, and leaders' opinions, we customise courses for employees with more extensive knowledge to meet the diversi ed growth demands of employees. In 2022, training hours per employee averaged 40. 8 hours. Meanwhile, the Group also actively cooperated with universities and other educational institutions to develop education and training programs, working with over 50 universities to provide more professional and comprehensive learning and training resources for our sta. By the end of 2022, Ping An Financial Education and Training Center had developed 77, 000 internal and external courses with a total annual attendance of over 44. 54 million, and delivered 844 sessions of various face-to-face and live streaming training sessions to a total of 127, 000 employees throughout the country. In addition, Ping An supports all employees to participate in professional skill and certi cation examinations that meet business needs. In addition to welfare such as commercial insurance, high-end medical health insurance, periodic physical examination, discount on products, and the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), we have set up a health management platform for online diagnosis and hospital registration to prevent occupational diseases and safeguard the physical and mental health of employees in an all-round way. In addition, we have included occupational health and safety-related issues in our training courses, set up emergency management plans and conducted annual re safety drills to raise employees' safety awareness and safeguard their occupational health and safety. At the end of 2022, Ping An Group had 17 projects certi ed under the WELL Health and Safety Rating Code (WELL HSR). Employee Care and Communication Ping An respects and cares for its female employees and disadvantaged groups, and strictly complies with national regulations and local government requirements to actively implement parental leave, breastfeeding leave and maternity leave to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees, sets up corresponding nursing facilities and childcare places in o ces to provide convenience for breastfeeding employees, and provides training courses on female themes, including female workplace growth series, mandatory courses on female health and prevention of maternal and infant diseases. This year, we invited an external third-party professional organization to conduct a satisfaction and NPS survey of all our employees based on the satisfaction and net recommendation value (NPS) model in terms of their job satisfaction, job ful llment, willingness to recommend peace of mind and job perception. The results of the survey showed that the overall employee satisfaction score was 85 and the e ective response rate of the questionnaire was 95. Ping An provides all employees with a variety of complaint and feedback channels, such as communication from superiors, communication from HR departments and trade unions, hotlines and emails. It also ensures that employees are aware of relevant information through publicity and training activities, and collects and assesses employee complaints regarding career development, rights and bene ts, in order to protect employees' rights to freedom of expression and speech. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 58OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 59OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 610 in RMB millionCumulative investment in agent development and training in 2022Ping An Group adheres to the sustainable development path, resolutely promotes the high-quality transformation and structural optimization of agents, provides diversi ed training to empower agents, o ers a variety of welfare and care, protects the legal rights and interests of agents, cares for their physical and mental health, enhances their sense of belonging and identi cation with the insurance business, and strives to build a high-quality, high-performance and high output team of agents. Ping An Life has invested RMB 610 million in training, with o ine training covering 8. 2 million participants and online training covering 52. 25 million person times. In order to build agents' professionalism and enhance their sense of belonging and identity to the insurance business, Ping An has focused on the core group of Talent, top performers and supervisors, continuously optimized the training curriculum, enriched the faculty and upgraded the Task Self-learning dual-driven learning platform, providing centralised face-to-face teaching, dual-teacher classroom and remote decentralised learning modes to support agents' diversi ed and multi-scene learning and help them transform into a high-quality team. Meanwhile, an internal external certi cation system has been introduced, including Ping An Certi cation for Health Service Marketing Ambassador, Ping An Certi cation for Excellent Manager (PCAL), and six certi cations for high performers, to empower and certify agents. In addition, we also provide nancial support for agents to encourage them to acquire certi cates and become a leading agent in the life insurance industry. Agent Development and Training Sticking to the people-centered concept, Ping An Group focuses on the sustainable development and cultivation of agents. In addition, Ping An provides humanistic care for agents and safeguards their rights and interests, so as to enhance their sense of belonging and identity in the insurance industry. In addition, we provide communication channels for agents to express their opinions and demands, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of agents to express themselves freely. In 2022, Ping An Group optimized its agent recruitment process and upgraded its new recruit training allowance policy to increase the number of agents and enhance their quality development. Since the second half of the year, we have been providing new agents with a stipend and exclusive policy support and rewards at all stages of their career development to help them retain and develop in a high-quality manner. At the same time, Ping An provides a number of welfare bene ts, including four basic bene ts, a pension fund, a long-term service award, and a care plan for senior department managers. Agent Welfare and Care Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 60OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 30, 000 scientistsOver 4, 500 46, 077Number of technology patent applications Number of patent in ntech, digital health, arti cial intelligence Ranked 1st globallyWith high-quality development driven by digitalization, Ping An focuses on the transformation and upgrading of main businesses, and made sales promotion, e ciency improvement, and risk control through technology-driven nancial services. Technology-driven Sustainable Development Ping An continues to focus on developing core technologies and securing proprietary intellectual property rights. Ping An s technology patent applications increased by 7, 657 from the beginning of 2022 to 46, 077 as of December 31, 2022, which ranked rst globally by the number of ntech, digital healthcare and AI patent applications for two years. While continuously investing in R&D to build leading technological capabilities, Ping An actively participates in various global contests and has received international recognition in sensing technology and AI. Moreover, Ping An has been named to the IDC FinTech Rankings Top 100 (2018-2022) for ve years and Forbes Blockchain 50 for two years, and has won many awards for AI and technology innovation. Ping An Property & Casualty DRS 2. 0 and Ping An Bank's Wise Eye Platform for Auditand Supervision won the second prize in the People's Bank of China's 2021 Financial Technology Development Award. Technical Inputs and Outputs IT engineers 12, 000 disease symptomsThe robot integrates information on 170, 000 drug instructions 500, 000 pieces of hospital information With an accuracy over 95 Technology-driven Financial Services Ping An widely utilises the leading technological capabilities to empower its main nancial businesses and continues to promote technological empowerment to increase e ciency, cut costs and improve customer experience. Meanwhile, Ping An provides customers with a variety of products and services with advanced technologies. Ping An Life Insurance of China applies technologies including optical character recognition (OCR), natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning to assist information identi cation and case review in the underwriting and claims review processes. With these engines and technologies, Ping An Life can identify the underwriting risk of nearly 1, 600 diseases, and review medical insurance claims against more than 1, 500 diseases. In comparison with the traditional model, underwriting e ciency increased nearly 30, and claim e ciency rose nearly 20, which drastically reduced user waiting times. The model enables agents to conduct online remote interactions with customers and give virtual reality-based immersive interactive explanations. The model also enables o ine audio-video and dynamic graph-based explanations. Jin Guan Jia App provides users with wider access to service bene ts and personalized service bene ts. Lufax Holding cooperates with nancial product providers and builds a technology-powered smart business framework, using AI to match customers with products and meeting the diverse product needs of our customers. Ping An continuously implements the Healthy China strategy and comprehensively promotes the construction of a medical care ecosystem. By enhancing medical R&D and building a leading platform for remote diagnosis and treatment, we e ectively support the sustainable development of the healthcare ecosystem by building technological capabilities in a forward-looking manner. By the end of December 2022, Ping An has over 50, 000 in-house doctors and contracted external doctors, and had partnered with over 10, 000 hospitals (including all top 100 hospitals and 3A hospitals), over 100, 000 healthcare management institutions and approximately 224, 000 pharmacies. Ping An continuously improves the quality of online medical services through medical teams AI-enabled medical treatment, and we use AI technology to direct patients to appropriate medical services and improve e ciency. The medical assistance platform was upgraded to help doctors give patients guidance, collect medical records and disease information, diagnose, issue prescriptions, give solutions, and generate structured electronic medical records, which signi cantly improves the working e ciency of doctors. At present, the project has covered 3, 000 common diseases in 26 hospital departments, and answers 100, 000 inquiries per day with the accuracy of diagnostic recommendations reaching over 95, improving doctors e ciency by about 40. Technology-driven Managed Care In 2022, Ping An applies the human machine model to provide the public with 24 7 COVID-19 consulting services, as well as professional diagnosis and consultation concerning TCM conditioning, lung disease and children protection. The robot integrates information on 12, 000 disease symptoms, 170, 000 drug instructions, more than 1, 000 kinds of common health examination and testing, and 500, 000 pieces of hospital information, with an accuracy of over 95. Ping An provides professional medical consulting servicesPing An Sustainability Report 2022 61OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Ping An developed the Ping An Group's Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains, and Detailed Measures for Management of Procurement Business Suppliers to establish a thorough supplier management system with a focus on its business development and demands. We integrated ESG requirements into the closed supply chain management, from selection & veri cation, management & integrity to tracking & feedback. Ping An focuses on its suppliers ESG performance in aspects of environmental protection, employee rights and interests, and risk management. Ping An adds ESG requirements to existing supplier contracts, including information security and privacy protection, low-carbon and green technology transformation and development, labor rights protection and employee development. In addition, we put forward anti-corruption requirements for our partners, including contractors and suppliers. In 2022, 98. 2 of our partners had signed the Integrity Statement. In addition, Ping An e ciently improves its ESG performance in product quality, job skills, compliance management, and employees' rights and interests by actively carrying out supplier communications and training. In 2022, our ESG training sessions covered 100 of suppliers. Sustainable Supply Chains 5, 631Ping An partner suppliers 98. 2 100 Supplier ESG training coverageSigning rate of the Integrity StatementTechnology-driven Low-carbon Trans- formation Ping An leverages the leading technological capabilities to build an ESG management platform, which e ectively improves ESG management. In 2022, Ping An and FTSE Russell jointly launched the FTSE Ping An China ESG Index Series, which combines CN-ESG Smart Evaluation System data and FTSE Russell s leading China benchmarks. The index series helps global investors assess the ESG opportunities and risks of Chinese companies and improves the development of ESG investment in China. Ping An is committed to establishing win-win and long-term mutually bene cial cooperation relationships with its suppliers. Ping An has continuously optimized procurement services, timely ful lled its payment agreements, and proactively promoted higher sustainable development levels in its suppliers. Net pro ts attributable to the parent company reached RMB 83, 774 million. Ping An strictly follows applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the People s Republic of China and the Securities Law of the People s Republic of China, and carries out corporate governance according to the Group s actual conditions. After more than 30 years of practice, Ping An has formed a clear board positioning, a professional board composition, a standardised operating process, and a board culture focused on value creation, ensuring the Group s long-term, stable and rapid development. As of the end of 2022, we had 3 female Board members in the Group, accounting for 20. The nomination and appointment of the Board members are based on the skills and experience required for the overall operation of the Board of Directors and take full account of the Board diversity, so as to ensure that the members of the Board of Directors have the knowledge and professional experience necessary to perform their duties. At the same time, we continue to provide training for the members of the Board of Directors, covering a variety of areas, including risk management, anti-corruption, digital transformation, information security, climate risk management, climate information disclosure, sustainable nance and other sustainable development-related issues. Our information disclosure fully complies with the standards of authenticity, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and fairness, and has been well received by the market and investors. In addition, by establishing an e cient investor relationship management mechanism, we protect the interests of shareholders, formulate a reasonable dividend policy, and take into account the interests of independent minority shareholders. The purpose of the Company's remuneration policy is to attract, retain and motivate talent and to support the achievement of the Company's business objectives; the principles of the remuneration policy are clear orientation, performance motivation, market re ection and reasonable cost. The remuneration package of the Company's employees includes basic remuneration, performance-based remuneration, welfare income and allowances. Among them, basic remuneration is determined based on the value of the position, market level, etc. performance remuneration is linked to the overall operation of the Company and individual performance, etc. welfare income and allowances are implemented with reference to relevant national regulations and industry standards; the speci c structure and strategic arrangements among the remuneration portfolio are adjusted and optimized in accordance with the market and the Company's business development needs. The Board diversity and training Protect Shareholders Rights and Interests 65OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 20 Percentage of female board directors 101, 136Salary and Incentive MechanismThe performance-based payment for senior executives and key personnel is implemented via a deferred payment system in strict compliance with regulatory requirements. In order to leverage the motivation of performance-based payment in daily operation and management and to ensure that salary incentive matches risk-adjusted performance, Ping An has established salary recourse mechanism for senior executives and key personnel, which helps prevent aggressive business conducts and violation of laws and regulations, and promotes prudent operation and sustainable development. Deferred Payment and Recourse Mechanism Since the key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan took e ect, the Group has been operating steadily with shareholders, with the Group and its employees sharing collective interests and risks. These plans strongly guarantee further improvement in the Group s governance structure, establish better long-term incentives and restrictions, and promote long, sustainable, and healthy development. The participants in the two plans include directors, employee representative supervisors, and senior managers of the Group and its subsidiaries. By the end of December 2022, the key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan had covered 101, 136 employees. Key Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan 2As of the end of 2022, among the Board of Directors, Mr. Ouyang Hui (independent non-executive director) served as the Managing Director of UBS AG, Managing Director of Nomura Securities, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Lehman Brothers, and has nearly 20 years of experience in the nancial sector. Mr. Ng Sing Yip (Independent Non-executive Director) served as a Crown Counsel in the Attorney General s Chambers in Hong Kong and served as an Assistant Group Legal Consultant, a Deputy Head of the Legal and Compliance Department, and the Head of Legal and Compliance in Asia Paci c of HSBC Bank and has over 35 years of experience in corporate governance. Mr. Ng Kong Ping Albert (Independent Non-executive Director) served as the Chairman of Ernst & Young China, Managing Partner of Ernst & Young in Greater China and a member of The EY Global Executive and has more than 30 years of experience in risk management, internal control and nancial accounting. Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan Antitrust and Fair Competition Ping An follows antitrust laws and regulations, strictly reviews all M&A transactions, and conducts centralised declaration of business operators in accordance with the law. Strict regulation on charitable donations and sponsorship ensure that fair business competition will not be threatened by relevant donations and supportive actions. Ping An reviews the legality and compliance of M&A and other commercial transactions by just and fair assessment. Intellectual Property Protection Ping An emphasises intellectual property rights to ensure that technological innovation can be e ectively and e ciently transformed into practical applications to create value. In case of any intellectual property disputes, Ping An will immediately start the investigation and make sure our and others intellectual property rights are under protection and respect. Ping An strictly follows the laws and regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism nancing, and sanctions compliance, improves the internal control system and working mechanism, and strengthens control procedures and measures. Meanwhile, Ping An also strengthens data governance, information system construction, and training promotion, and sets up anti-money laundering internal review and audit, performance appraisal, and reward and punishment mechanisms. By developing an intelligent anti-money laundering platform, Ping An improves its overall risk control capability. Ping An ensures supplier employees welfare and protection through the Supplier Management Measures for Procurement Business and other systems. At the same time, Ping An follows the principles of openness, impartiality, fairness, and e ciency in the procurement process, including bidding, bid evaluation and complaint handling. Ping An has issued the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and the Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and implemented the Policy Statement on Responsible Product Management of Ping An Group, thus keep improving the management practice from perspectives including corporate business ethics, employees business behaviors and responsible product. Furthermore, internal control departments of the Group and subsidiaries perform annual internal audit on the implementation of the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group and the Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group that scopes in all Ping An s main businesses. In addition to complying with industrial and local laws & regulations, Ping An has developed rules and regulations that apply to all subsidiaries, suppliers and partners. Tax Policy Ping An always keeps in mind the business principle of Honesty and law-abiding, Regulations 1, and rigorously follows the requirements of laws and regulations. The Group also strengthens tax risk prevention and builds up a tax management team as well as improving the internal risk control of taxation. OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Anti-corruption Ping An has severely cracked down on all kinds of commercial bribery and corruption, including commercial bribery for any purpose, such as seeking competitive advantage or obtaining business opportunities, breaching or accepting kickbacks, encroaching on, stealing, defrauding or otherwise illegally possessing funds, property and business opportunities of companies or related parties, as well as fraud or bene t tunnelling. These documents and circulars comprehensively standardise the guiding principles, objectives, division of responsibilities and requirements for combating corruption and upholding integrity, and elaborate the list of wrongdoings, punishment standards and accountability processes. Ping An carries out various anti-corruption trainings, including case-based caution and online short courses to build an integrity culture and raise anti-corruption awareness among employees. The coverage rate of anti-corruption education for all sta is 100, covering all employees and contractors. Petition and Whistle-blowing Management Ping An has developed the Whistle-blowing Management Procedure, and appointed the Group Inspection and Discipline O ce as the respondent entity. The petition and whistleblowing management department deal with the cases in a legal, objective, fair, and prompt manner. The department also coordinates investigation work with other departments and promotes the e ective and reasonable conduct of petition work. Additionally, the petition and whistleblowing management requires the special protection and con dentiality of petitioners and protects the legitimate interests of the petitioners in case of retaliation. In 2022, the veri cation rate of petition and reporting of Ping An was 100. 100 The coverage of integrity culture and anti-corruption trainingComplaint Feedback ChannelsPing An constantly pays attention to employees business ethics by formulating systematic management policies, such as Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, Administrative Measures for Employee Con ict of Interest and Anti-fraud System. The Employee s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group provides guidelines for employees to support the compliance and robust operation of the Group, which is applicable to all employees and contractors. The 12 Bans of prohibitive norms include criminal o ences, insider trading, mis-spelling, bribery and graft, in uence peddling, misfeasance and fraud, transfer of interest, secret leakage, infringement of reputation, system sabotage, sexual harassment, and other serious violations. In addition, violation of remuneration regulations or distribution schemes, false attendance records, assistance in providing false attendance records and other internal violations are also included. cn 67OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Employee s Code of Conduct As a responsible enterprise, Ping An keeps standardising sales and publicity actions. We actively and fully ful l the obligation of information disclosure, and truthfully explains to consumers the nature of products and services, main risks, fees and charges and main terms and conditions of the contract. Meanwhile, the content of external promotional content should be reviewed so that they are legally quali ed, ensuring responsible publicity. Ping An also actively initiates consumer-oriented nancial knowledge education activities and organizes regular nancial knowledge training on consumer rights and obligations, the obligations of nancial institutions, and the protection of consumer rights as social welfare events. Product sales and publicityPing An provides a wide range of products and services, including insurance, banking, asset management, and technology. Responsible Products In terms of governance, Ping An has the Group s Board of Directors as the highest governing body for product and service responsibilities and authorises the Personal Finance Committee as the direct regulatory body responsible for products and services. At the executive level, the Group Operation Risk Management Department and Group ESG O ce are responsible for organising, coordinating, supervising, and directing subsidiaries product departments to implement product responsibilities and standardise management in the product and service life cycle to e ectively avoid ESG-related risks. Management structureProduct development We require all subsidiaries to set up a normative and rigorous product development process to reduce the likelihood of product and service risks occurring at the source. Each subsidiary must comply with and protect the basic rights of consumers, such as the right to property security, the right to know, and the right to independent choice. With full understanding and compliance with relevant regulations and systems, each subsidiary should evaluate and review product policies, systems, business rules, fee pricing, terms of agreement and promotional texts, and analyse possible risks in advance to promote risk control measures. Each member company established a consumer complaint management system and assigned personnel to take charge of post-sales service management, providing consumers and other relevant parties with customer communication and feedback channels, such as website mobile customer service, email and hotline, and ensuring all channels are functionally well. Meanwhile, each subsidiary clearly informs customers of the communication channels through product contracts, product introduction materials, and other similar materials. Customers can obtain product and service-related information or request assistance about products and services through relevant channels, and subsidiaries are required to make compensations within the prescribed limit time. Product post-sales service Based on the Risk of Mass Complaints Management Approach and the principles of Uni ed Leadership, Comprehensive Coordination; Integrated Management, Hierarchical Responsibility; Compartmentalisation combined, Territorial based; Be prepared, Prevention rst; Quick Response, Decisively handling, a leading group on mass complaints prevention and emergency management is established as a permanent part of group, which conducts a mass complaints risk review and reports every six months, handling relevant issues according to the group s Signi cant Emergency Handling Guideline as necessary. Emergency handling 68OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 93 Coverage rate of operations certi cated by the ISO IEC 27001 Information security management systemPing An resolutely abides by national laws, regulations, and industry norms, and we always strictly implement our information security policies in line with the highest standards to support information. Information Security and AI Governance Information Security Ping An Technology Information Security Management System Certi cation 6 Trusted Cloud Service Certi cations cloud hosting service assessment, object storage service assessment, cloud database service assessment, cloud hosting security assessment, cloud computing risk management capability assessment, and trusted nancial cloud (banking class) service assessment CSA STAR Cloud Security Certi cation ITSS Cloud Computing Service Competency Assessment Level 2 Certi cation (Private Cloud)ISO 20000 IT Service Management System Certi cation ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27017 Cloud Services Information Security Management System Certi cation ISO IEC 27018 Cloud Privacy Data Protection System Certi cation The Level 4 Classi ed Protection of CybersecurityBy the end of December 2022, Ping An Technology has obtained the following information security management system certi cations Ping An constantly improves its information security management system to ensure the con dentiality, integrity, and availability of information. Meanwhile, Ping An has proactive and reactive defense measures to identify and resolve information security risks in a timely manner. In terms of information security management structure and system, Ping An has the Group Co-CEO as the highest responsible person and implements the discussion and management of information security through the Technology Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee. Ping An's Information Security Department under the Group s Technology Development Committee coordinates all information security-related work. It utilises three sub-departments to ensure e ective implementation of the relevant regulations. Meanwhile, Ping An has developed Policy Statement on Information Security of Ping An Group and pledges to establish and implement high information security standards. The Group has formulated and implemented the Information Security Management Regulations and related implementation rules, which clarify the management requirements and implementation guidelines in various aspects such as information security principle, information security strategy, information security speci cation, asset security speci cation, authorisation speci cation, authentication speci cation, application system development speci cation, personal information protection speci cation, data lifecycle security management speci cation, third-party service security management speci cation and content security speci cation, which covers all modules of business development across the Group, employees of all departments of Ping An Group and its member companies, and third-party personnel who have access to information assets. In terms of information security management system, Ping An conducts annual management system reviews and revisions and continuously improves the IT risk management and technology system in accordance with various IT risk management standards and leading practice requirements. Meanwhile, Ping An conducts comprehensive internal and external information security audits separately at least once a year to ensure the e ective implementation of information security management. In 2022, the Group completed annual information security audits for subsidiaries and important third-party outsourcers, covering key areas such as data security, personal information protection and third-party service security, which conducted over 100 audit projects in total. In terms of information security management certi cation, Ping An has obtained the ISO 27001 certi cation on information security management systems for many years in order to operate the information security system e ectively and stably. OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 In terms of information security management measures, Ping An has established an e cient early warning linkage mechanism, and adopted a combination of proactive and reactive defense measures to maintain system information security. In 2022, Ping An formulated Network Security Incident Response Drill Guide and completed 43 information security drills for major attack scenarios and 1 business continuity emergency drill for important information security systems jointly with subsidiaries, e ectively consolidating the Group's emergency response capability for information security. The Group conducts quarterly security tests of website to identify and repair potential security vulnerabilities in time to protect operations of information systems and data security Ping An organizes several penetration testing events that simulate hacker attacks every year. Various technical methods, including connection management, access right testing, and authorisation escalation and removal, are used to analyse potential vulnerabilities and scenarios that may be exploited by hackers. The testing results enable Ping An to make improvements for any high-risk items, and to take appropriate reinforcement measures for information security enhancement Ping An also accepts reports of vulnerability via the Group s public Security Response Center (Chinese only) and valuable reports are rewardedEstablish a set of closed-loop processing mechanisms from vulnerability warnings dispatch to the completion of a timely response to avoid internet security vulnerabilities from being exploited and reduce risk exposure Based on multiple data centers, the continuity system of o -site disaster recovery co-location dual-active is established, and disaster recovery drills are organized every year to verify the organizational structure and contingency plans for disaster recovery through drills to ensure a stable and available disaster recovery environment Develop and implement Information Security Incident Emergency Response Management and Data Security Emergency Response Plan, and conduct the information security emergency drill at Proactive defense measuresReactive defense measuresA combination of proactive and reactive information security management measures A combination of proactive and reactive information security management measures 70OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 In terms of supplier information security management, Ping An upholds the core principle of maintaining sensitive data within Ping An, and has developed management systems such as the Supplier Information Security Management System of Ping An Group, which divides suppliers into di erent categories and levels to adopt di erent information security control measures accordingly. It covers the full lifecycle of cooperation with suppliers to ensure the compliance of suppliers information security management and reduce the supplier cooperation information security risks. Supplier information security management measures Supplier information security management measures Pre-Cooperation During-Cooperation Post-CooperationSign information security agreements and con dentiality agreements with partner organizations and related personnel involved in accessing or handling Ping An s data to ensure that third parties are aware of and committed to complying with Ping An's information security management requirements Assess whether the supplier and its products or solutions meet the information security requirements Conduct information security audits and ensure suppliers delete and destroy company s data in a timely mannerConduct supplier information security risk monitoring, use big data to monitor negative information security information and regulatory compliance of suppliers, and monitor supplier information security risks from external dynamics The Group's information security team supports business departments to conduct information security assessments on suppliers, and requires suppliers with scores lower than required to rectify within the speci ed period under the guidance of experts to ensure that information security risks are controllable during the cooperation process 71OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Target group Training requirements Information Security Training Requirements In 2022, Ping An provided more than 50 information security training and education sessions for all employees and related third-party personnel, covering terminal security and data security. In October 2022, Ping An conducted the Group's Information Security Enhancement Month with the theme of Promote action with knowledge, build security together for all employees and relevant third-party personnel, including the interpretation of regulatory requirements, good practice sharing of information security for employees, information security knowledge quiz. In promoting the development of information security in the industry, Ping An Trust released the Information Security White Paper (2022), which was the rst in the trust industry. This report analysed the pain points in the industry's information security construction and shared the experience of Ping An Trust in information security planning, system and practice. Ping An Trust released Information Security White Paper (2022)Information Security Enhancement Month In terms of enhancing information security awareness and capabilities, we provide topic-based training to all employees and third-party personnel with access to asset data every year. The purpose is to further enhance their awareness and ability in protecting information and data security. All employees All third-party personnel (including contractors) with access to information assetsAttend the information security training and pass the exam before opening the temporary account of information system, and continue to meet the information security training requirements of employees after passing the exam, otherwise they cannot access any information system of Ping AnNew employees must complete information security training within three months of joining Complete at least one information security training per yearPing An follows the ve ethical principles of people-orientated, human-governed, safety and controllability, fairness and justice, openness and transparency. Ping An sets clear ethical requirements covering data use, algorithm research, and industry application, continuing to improve the AI governance framework. Ping An sets up an AI Ethics Management Committee which is responsible for identifying the direction of AI ethics policy while ensuring fairness and justice in the process of product development as well as the implementation of information security and privacy protection during the provision of products and services and exploring optimized management methods for AI ethics problems in the practical project application. Governance on AI Ethics People orientatedHuman governed Fairness and JusticeOpenness and TransparencyAfety and ControllabilityFive principles of AI ethics 72OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community AppendixPing An Sustainability Report 2022 Our TCFD Report06Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 Ping An actively responds to the challenges and opportunities arising from climate change. Relying on its integrated nance, Ping An plays green nance adequately and pushes forward green operations to take e ective measures for green development, therefore, supporting China's e orts towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Meanwhile, we launched a carbon inventory to measure our carbon emissions from our operation, so as to build a low-carbon roadmap to achieve the carbon neutrality goal. Ping An has de ned a four-level governance structure led by the Board of Directors to supervise and manage climate change and carbon neutrality and established a governance mechanism for climate-related issues at all levels. Governance StrategyPing An Sustainability Report 2022 74OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Risk Identi cation Risk TypeClimate Risk FactorsRisk CategoriesRisk ExampleTime HorizonBusiness Segments InvolvedExtent of In uence Climate disasters may cause physical losses to the physical assets in the a ected areas, resulting in asset impairment. Higher standards for energy use in buildings may increase investment in renovation for the purposes of energy conservation and environmental protection. Climate change leads to business loss of speci c clients. If the government issues new policies to support low-carbon transition, high-emission economic activities will be under pressure, and low-carbon industries may bene t from the move. The policies may have a positive or negative impact on the business of speci c clients. Emerging low-carbon technologies rapidly take over the market, while the development of clients in traditional sectors is hindered. Physical risksClimate disasters Climate change New economic policies on low-carbon transition Emerging low-carbon technologies Price uctuation in carbon market Higher environmental standards Concerns of investors Operational risk Long term Long term Long termMedium to long term Medium to long term Medium to long term Medium to long termThe whole Group The whole Group The whole GroupBanking, asset management, etc. Signi cant Signi cant Signi cantMinor Medium Medium MediumCredit risk Credit risk, market risk, etc. Transition risksPing An Sustainability Report 2022 75OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Opportunity Factor Description Potential Financial Impacts Time Horizon The introduction of policies on carbon neutrality, clean energy, and environmental protection subsidies drives green nancial businesses and markets, which is conducive to exploring new markets and businesses. By promoting energy-saving technology, purchasing and generating green electricity, and recycling resources, companies continue to promote the concept of green operation to improve resource and energy e ciency, and reduce operating costs. Companies can provide green nance services such as green bonds, green equity nancing and green asset-backed securities to support clients low-carbon transition. Companies can seise the opportunities of the increasing market value of xed assets by actively constructing green buildings and obtaining green building certi cation. Market opportunitiesLong term Long termMedium-term Medium-termEntering new markets Increasing operating revenueDiversifying nancial assets Increasing operating revenue Enhancing corporate reputationIncreasing business demands for products and services Raising the value of xed assets (e. g., infrastructure, energy-e cient buildings) Lowering operating costs Increasing operating revenue Diversifying nancial assetsRaising the value of xed assets (e. g., infrastructure, energy-e cient buildings)Products and services Resource e ciency ResilienceOpportunity Identi cationPing An Sustainability Report 2022 76OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix NGFS scenarios have been generated by 3 mature integrated assessment models (IAMs) including REMIND-MAgPIE. Among these IAMs, REMIND (Regional Model of Investment and Development) is an energy-economy general equilibrium model linking a macroeconomic growth model with a bottom-up engineering-based energy system model. The scenarios combine macroeconomic agriculture and land use, energy system, water and climate system into a common numerical model, making it possible to analyse the complex and non-linear dynamics within and between these components. REMIND forecasts carbon dioxide emissions and various climate change-related factors (such as regional energy consumption) in 12 regions, including China, and provides estimated values for each 5-year period. In 2022, we explored three NGFS climate scenarios, including Nationally determined contributions (NDCs) under Hothouse world, Below 2 C under Orderly, and Divergent net zero under Disorderly. Conditional national development plans published by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change which was committed before the end of March 2022, are fully implemented, however, such global e orts are insu cient to halt signi cant global warmingClimate policies are introduced early and become gradually more stringent, and emission-reduction technologies are fully exploited. By 2060, China's total CO2 emissions are predicted to approach the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. Governments fail to coordinate climate policy stringency across sectors, and decarbonisation progress of transportation and buildings sectors is quicker than that of energy supply sectors and industries, which results in a higher cost. Transition Type Hothouse World Orderly Disorderly Climate Scenario Policy ambitionPolicy reactionTechnology changeCarbon dioxide removalRegional policy variationNDCs2. 6 CNDCsSlow changeLow and medium useMedium variationBelow 2 C1. 6 CImmediate and smoothModerate changeMedium and high useLow variationDivergent net zero 1. 4 CImmediate but divergentFast changeLow and medium useMedium variation Scenario description Climate risk level High physical risks High transition risks Low physical risks, Low transition risksClimate Scenario AnalysisPing An Sustainability Report 2022 77OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Process for managing climate risksGuided by the TCFD framework, Ping An incorporates climate-related risks into the ESG risk management of the Group and establishes a sound management process. Risk Management Identifying and describing climate risk factors which a ect each business segments from the dimensions of physical risk and transition risk, and summarising corresponding risk categories. Implementing regular reporting on clmate risks to ensure that the Board and management sta are kept informed of the targets, plans, implementation, and process of climate risk management to improve the e ectiveness of climate risk management. Assessment2 Control3 Reporting4 Identi cation1 3 DRS 2. 0 is a digital risk analysis and risk control service system in physical space developed by Ping An, which uses innovative technologies such as numerical simulation, machine learning and satellite remote sensing monitoring to achieve prediction and early warning of natural disasters. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 78OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Metrics and Targets 4Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial ) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5810 tCO 2 MWh) provided in the Guidelines on enterprises greenhouse gas emissions accounting and reporting Power generation facilities issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2022. 6Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from business paper consumption and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. The carbon emissions disclosure of Ping An's 35 self-owned properties from the public areas were added. Metric Unit 2022 2021 2020 Operation Self-owned property7 GHG emissions data tCO2e tCO2e 326, 669. 88 0. 952, 775. 8085, 731. 1588, 506. 956, 121. 76 376, 336. 092, 114. 51478, 287. 47 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions4 Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions 5 Scope 3 others (paper consumption and employee traveling 6) Total GHG emissions GHG emissions per capita Scope 1 direct GHG emissions Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions Total GHG emissionstCO2e tCO2e person tCO2e tCO2e tCO2etCO2e2, 818. 15 285, 890. 98 37, 960. 75 428, 994. 85 1. 21---530, 299. 411. 47---46, 537 49, 897. 43Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 79OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix 8 The roadmap to carbon neutrality across operations is prepared on the basis of the NDC scenario, where the ambition of each country's climate policy remains is in line with the current level of NDC. The main assumption is that there will be no signi - cant change in the scale of business activities and operating sites within the boundaries of the carbon inventory of operations from 2023 to 2030, that is, carbon emissions will remain consistent with that of 2022 between 2023 and 2030. Ping An mainly operates its business in commercial areas and o ces, and the emissions generated from its operation are mainly from energy consumption in the workplace. Our measures include (1) Energy conservation. Therefore, our goal is that 100 of our electricity consumption in our operations will be from renewable energy (the proportion excluding that of renewable energy used by power grids). On the basis of emission reduction, we invest in green assets and purchase emission rights to o set carbon emissions that are unavoidable, ultimately achieving carbon neutrality across our operations by 2030. In terms of energy saving, we keep improving our energy consumption system, updating air conditioning, lighting and other facilities, gradually increasing energy e ciency and decreasing electricity consumption in workplaces and data centers, thus reducing carbon emissions in our operations. In response to the green operation policy of the Group, Ping An Life proactively implements green operation. Paperless operations reduce the carbon footprint of a piece of policy Scan to learn more about Ping An's achievements in green operationsScan to learn about the carbon footprint of a piece of policy 95 Received Green Operational Innovation SolutionsIn 2022, Ping An organized the innovation contest of green operation, which includes two separate contests, namely corporate operation and public innovation. The competition was held to encourage subsidiaries to develop appropriate goals, strategies and actions in emission reduction and to reduce energy consumption in a reasonable range. The competition also called on all employees to participate in energy saving and make suggestions for achieving carbon neutrality. In this competition, 20 subsidiaries participated in the corporate operation contest. The public innovation contest attracted nearly 400 participants in groups, who o ered 95 innovative plans for green operation, covering elds such as operation e ciency improvement, green operation driven by scienti c and technological innovation, workplace recycling and green o ce. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 81OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Green Buildings Ping An always holds the concept of green development which is people-oriented and actively promotes the green and low-carbon development of urban ecology, improving the quality of urban environment and living standards. Meanwhile, as the rst nancial data center with Power Usage E ectiveness (PUE) lower than 1. 25 in China, Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center also achieved the LEED Gold certi cation in 2022. Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center project won the Technology Achievement Award 19Number of domestic and international green building certi cations obtained for Ping An projects Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Center Won the First prize of 2022 Data Center Science Technology Achievement Award Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 82OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Annual Key Performance Business Performance Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Total assets (in RMB million ) 10, 142, 026 9, 527, 870 Total inc ome (in RMB million) 1, 180, 444 1, 218, 315 Oper ating pr o t (in RMB million) 168, 479 155, 670 Net pro ts attributable to the parent company (in RMB million) 101, 618 143, 099 Annual dividend per shar e (in RMB) 2. 38 2. 20 Earnin gs per shar e (in RMB) 5. 77 8. 10 Total tax paid (in RMB million) 111, 416 103, 576 Solvency adequac y ratio of the Gr oup ( ) 233. 5 236. 40 Total investment size of insurance funds (in RMB trillion)3. 92 3. 74 Annu alized return on in vestment ( ) 4. 6 5. 1 Annualized total return ( ) 4. 0 6. 211, 137, 168 1, 110, 568 172, 910 83, 774 2. 42 4. 80 115, 478 217. 6 4. 37 4. 7 2. 5Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 83OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Corporate Governance Composition of 2022 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee (person) Gender and Age Composition of 2022 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee( )Boar d of Dir ectors Superv isory Committ ee IndicatorExecutive Director(s)Non-e xecutiv e Director(s)Indepen dent non-executive Director(s)TotalExternal Super visor( s)Shareholder Representative Supervisor( s)Emplo yee Repr esentative Superv isor(s)Total Headcount 5 4 6 15 3 0 2 5 Boar d of Dir ectors Superv isory Committ ee By gen der By age By gen der By age Indicator Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Male Female Under 30 31-50 Above 50 Percentage 80 20 0 20 80 80 20 0 20 80 Compliance and Risk Management Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Complia nce and int ernal c ontrol awareness r aising activitie s coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Risk ma nagement sta tr aining c overage( ) 100 100 100Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 84OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Business Code of Conduct and Anti-Corruption Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Coverage rate of anti-corruption education ( ) Coverage rate of trainings on anti-money laundering ( )Number of non-compliance cases related to money launderingNumber of anti-corruption activities (times)Number of anti-corruption trainings (times)Attendance of anti-corruption trainings (ten thousand)Recti cation rate of issues identi ed in annual audit ( )Veri cation rate of complaints received ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 0 0 0 4, 569 3, 445 2, 088 34 20 - 1, 054 560 312 99 96 79 100 100 100Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 85OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Environmental Performance Resource consumption and GHG emissions 1. Compared with 2021, carbon emission measurement in 2022 is optimized in terms of organizational boundaries, operational boundaries and statistical methods. The details are as follows 2. Gasoline usage is newly disclosed compared to 2021 for the use of gasoline in the workplace operation's own eet and in real estate owned properties. The new scope of disclosure for diesel fuel use compared to 2021 is the use of diesel fuel in real estate owned properties. Electricity consumption per capita includes workplace electricity consumption and data centers electricity consumption. Notes Indic ator 2022 2021 2020 GHG emissions (Ope ration) Scope 1 dir ect (tC O2e) 2, 818. 15 6, 121. 76 2, 114. 51 Scope 2 indir ect (tC O2e) 285, 890. 98 376, 336. 09 478, 287. 47 37, 960. 75 46, 537 49, 897. 43 Total G HG emissions (tC O2e) 326, 669. 88 428, 994. 85 530, 299 GHG emissions per capita (tC O2e person) 0. 95 1. 21 1. 47 GHG emissions (Self-o wned pr operty) Scope 1 dir ect (tC O2e) 2, 775. 80 - - Scope 2 indir ect (tC O2e) 85, 731. 15 - - Total G HG emissions (tC O2e) 88, 506. 95 - - Direct energy consumption Natural gas-t otal (M Petrol-total (Lit ers)3) 1, 417, 769 11, 2073, 053, 842 - -1, 068, 243 Diesel-total (Lit ers) 42, 260 5, 772 4, 243 Indirect ener gy consumption Electricity c onsumption-w orkplac e (KWh) 409, 469, 567 513, 94 6, 880 527, 951, 472 Electricity c onsumption-da ta centers (K Wh) 82, 597, 520 102, 896, 415 21, 804, 243 Water consumptio n Water consumption-t otal (T ons) 4, 228, 191 5, 088, 73 3 26, 831, 408 Water consumption-per capita (T on person) 12. 28 14. 29 74. 20 Solid w aste Solid w aste produc ed (T ons) 196, 864 210, 773 331, 125 Total paper c onsumption (T ons) 1, 559 1, 631 6, 764(1) Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial ) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5810 tCO2 MWh) provided in the Guidelines on enterprises greenhouse gas emissions accounting and reporting Power generation facilities issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2022. Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from business paper consumption and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. The carbon emissions disclosure of Ping An's 35 self-owned properties from the public areas were added. Scope 3 paper consumption and employee traveling (tC O2e) Electricity c onsumption-pe r capita (K Wh person) 1, 429. 50 1, 732. 79 1, 520. 23 Electricity c onsumption-Se lf-owned pr operty(K Wh) 147, 557, 919 - -Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 86OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Social PerformanceGreen Buildings Employee Composition Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Total n umber of Emplo yees (pe rson) 344, 223 355, 982 361, 600 By GenderMale (person) 182, 332 186, 54 9 Female ( person) 173, 650 175, 051 By AgeUnde r 30 (person) 169, 929 194, 035 30-50 (person) 180, 182 162, 322 Above 50 (person) 5, 871 5, 243 By RegionChinese mainland (person ) - - Other regio ns (person) - -- By Busin essInsur ance (per son) 189, 305 - Banki ng (person) 40, 651 - Asset Management ( person ) 12, 838 - Technology (person) 113, 188 - - By EducationDoctorate or master's degree ( person) 27, 512 27, 409 Bachelor's degree (person) 192, 912 192, 444 College degree ( person) 120, 153 124, 499 Others (person) 15, 405 17, 212 Other category Number of o verseas employe es (pe rson)170, 554 173, 669 134, 166 201, 147 8, 910 343, 447 776 170, 053 44, 207 19, 651 93, 680 16, 632 29, 179 193, 042 105, 568 16, 434 497 553 424 Senior management Number of senior managementNumber of senior manage ment 9 10 Numbe r of female senior manage ment 3 3 Numbe r of male senior manageme nt 611 3 8 7Indic ator 2022 Green Bu ildingsNumber of gr een buil dings 19 Area of gr een buildings (M2) 2, 506, 476 Life Insurance Agents (thousand people) 429 613 1, 022. 4Others (person)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 87OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Employee Turnover Indicator 2022 2021 2020 Emplo yee A ctive Turnover Ra te By G ende rMale ( ) Female ( ) By A ge 30 y ears old ( ) 30-50 y ears old ( ) 50 y ears old ( ) By Re gionChinese mainland ( ) Other regions ( ) Emplo yee Compensa tion a nd motiv ation Total c orporate annuity pa yments for the y ear (hundr ed million ) 11. 21 10. 02 9. 72 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan (pers on)101, 136 204, 696 222, 506 187, 45289, 304 37, 947 Compensa tion ( Ex clude Senior Management )( in RMB ) 196, 131 - By G ende rAverage c ompensa tion of male empl oyees ( in RMB )215, 435 244, 311 Average c ompe nsation of female employees ( in RMB )176, 329 202, 31228 31 27 41 18 15 28 3427 29 26 36 17 10 - -33 34 32 41 19 16 --Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 88OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Employee Trainings Employee Health and SafetyIndicator 2022 2021 2020 Total Cove rage Ra te of F ace-to-Face and Online T raining ( ) 99. 46 99. 54 - By G ende rMale ( ) 99. 56 99. 73 - Female ( ) 99. 36 99. 33 - By LevelSenior managers ( ) 96. 96 94. 82 - Others ( ) 99. 56 99. 62 - Average hours of tr ainings per employe e (hours ) 40. 80 28. 54 33. 19 By G ende rMale (hours ) 40. 04 26. 39 - Female ( hours) 41. 68 30. 81 - By LevelSenior managers ( hours) 46. 41 37. 89 - Others ( hours) 40. 78 27. 72 - Indicator 2022 Number of w ork-related fatalities (person) 6 Rate of w ork-related fatalities ( ) 0. 002 Number of lost days due t o work related injuries ( days) 817. 52021 5 0. 001 -2020 0 0 -Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 89OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Customer Service Information Security and AI GovernanceCustomer Service Performance Table Information Security and AI Governance Performance Table Indic ator 2022 Number of informa tion leak s or other netw ork security incidents 0 Information security e valuation sc ore (point) 92 Average per-capita hours of informa tion security tr ainings for e mplo yees(hours) 18. 5 Cove rage rate of cust omers priv acy polic y informed ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of da ta contr ol servic es pr ovided t o cust omers (incl uding pers onal da ta access, correction, de letion etc.) ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of the acce ss to priv acy informa tion authoriz ed b y cust omers ( ) 100 Cove rage rate of cust omers' ac cess to informa tion disclosur e policies ( ) 100 Information security policie s and frequenc y of s ystem audits (IT audit fr equenc y) (time s year) 1 Cove rage rate of informa tion security tr ainings for employe es ( ) 100Indic ator 2022 2021 2020 NPS ( )Ping An Group 55 47 48 Ping An Property & Casualty 75 72 70 Ping An Life 43 43 41 Ping An Health 38 51 49 Ping An Annuity 63 61 69 Ping An Bank 60 54 45 Ping An Securities 49 47 38Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 90OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Supply Chain Performance Number of Suppliers Public Welfare Performance Ping An Rural Communities Supporting ProgramESG Performance of SuppliersIndic ator 2022 2021 2020 Number of suppliers 5, 631 6, 408 7, 400 By regionChinese mainland 5, 559 - - Other regions 72 - - Indic ator 2022 Number of suppliers appr oved in the Selection and Audit pr ocess section after audit (unit) 8, 840 Average sc ore of supplier assessment (100-point scale ) (poin t) 72. 99 Total n umber of suppliers elimin ated (unit) 127 Number of suppliers participa ting in ESG r elated tr ainings (u nit) 5, 631 Cove rage rate of ESG r elated tr ainings for suppliers ( ) 100 Rural Communities Support ProgramIndic ator 2022 Village O c erIndustrial revitalization assistance funds of the year (in RMB 100 million) 353. 03 Cumulative funding for poverty alleviation and industrial revitalization (in RMB 100 million) 771. 53 Participants in the Prosperity Champions training program (person) 80, 000 Sales of products for rural revitalization with Ping An assistance (in RMB million ) 184 Village D octorNumber of the mobile medical checkups (times) 8 Health public welfare services covered (person-times) 1, 150 Village Teacher37. 337 3, 592Live lectures of scene masters of Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers covered (million person times) Total volunteer teaching hours (hours)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 91OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Patent and R&D Patent and R&D PerformanceVolunteer ServiceIndic ator 2022 Number of joint Party building points 442 Number of rur al revitaliza tion cards issued 110, 000 Total a mount of rur al revitaliz ation loan (in RMB 100 million) 692. 54 Indic ator 2022 San Cun Hui public welfare platformCumulative number of registers at the platform (ten thousand people) 346 Cumulative number of public welfare activities around us events (events) 3, 554 Volunteer Servic eNumber of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An (person) 571, 515 Cumulative number of volunteer events organized by the Ping An Guardian Initiative (events) 13, 000 Number of regions covered by volunteer association branches (regions) 20 Number of subsidiaries covered by volunteer association branches (subsidiaries) 27 Indic ator 2022 Total n umber of annual pa tent applica tions (it em) 7, 657 Cumula tive number of pa tent applica tions (it em) 46, 077Rural Areas Support ProgramPing An Sustainability Report 2022 92OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Investment and Responsible Banking Responsible Investment Responsible Investment and Financing 1, 793, 248 Green Investment and Financing 282, 363 Equity 101, 506 Bond 120, 228 Financial Pr oduct s 60, 628 Inclusive Investment and Financing 33, 444 Equit y 763 Bond 29, 462 Financial Pr oduct s 3, 220 Social Investment and Financing 1, 477, 441 Equit y 440, 530 Bond 638, 619 Financial Pr oduc ts 398, 292Respon sible Investme nt (In surance Fu nds) 804, 714 Green Investme nt 108, 103 Equit y 42, 927 Bond 43, 711 Financial Pr oduc ts 21, 466 Inclusive Investme nt 8, 170 Equit y 514 Bond 4, 437 Financ ial Products 3, 220 Social Investment 688, 440 Equity 219, 892 Bond 305, 4 77 Financial P roduc ts 163, 071 ( 1 ) The estimation scope of responsible investment and nancing covers all nancial products that the Group (except banks) that participated as issuers and investors. Insurance funds include the insurance funds of Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Health Insurance. Green investment and nancing refer to the types of projects, such as green nancing, green mutual funds, green building, and green assets, encouraged by the Asset Management Association of China s (AMAC) Green Investment Guideline. Inclusive investment and nancing include supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, rural revitalization and shanty town transformation. Notes (in RMB million) Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 93OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Responsible Banking Performance (as of December 31, 2022) Sustainable Insurance Sustainable Insurance Performance (as of December 31, 2022)(1) Green banking covers green credit, green bonds, green trust, green leases, green asset securitisation, etc. Social banking covers infrastructure construction, elderly care and health care, education and culture, rural revitalization, shanty town transformation, etc. Inclusive banking covers supporting small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, etc. Notes (1) According to the Green Insurance Statistics System issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, green insurance covers three aspects 1) coverage against ESG risks. Social insurance includes liability insurance (such as work safety insurance and food safety insurance), medical insurance and critical illness insurance. Inclusion insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture, rural areas and rural residents, insurance for vulnerable groups and insurance for small and micro enterprises. Notes Indic ator Green Insurance Social In surance Inclusiv e Insur ance Premium income (in RMB million) 25, 105 490, 951 29, 492 Insured amount (in RMB million) 176, 931, 602 535, 408, 482 144, 911, 316 (in RMB million) Total Responsible Banking 1, 097, 667 Green Ba nking 182, 089 Green Credit 116, 420 Other Green Banking 65, 669 Inclusiv e Banking 653, 427 Inclusiv e Loans 636, 371 Other Inclusiv e Financin g 17, 056 Social Banking 262, 151Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 94OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Statement of the Board of Directors Ping An attaches great importance to environmental, social and governance, and actively ful lls corporate social responsibility to help meet people's expectation for a better life. Oversight of ESG issuesPing An integrates sustainable development into its development strategies and establishes a scienti c and professional sustainable development management system and a clear and transparent ESG governance structure. The Sustainable Development Committee under the Executive Committee is the management for the ESG issues, and it is responsible for guiding the management of ESG issues, such as green nance and rural revitalization, and the external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. ESG Management Policy and StrategyBased on the external social and economic macro environment and the corporate development strategy, Ping An ESG management team dynamically assesses the importance of ESG issues, discusses and determines risks and opportunities in terms of environmental, social and corporate governance, and integrates the management and improvement of important issues into annual sustainability strategy. In addition, Ping An has incorporated ESG management strategy into the business system. During the year, the Board reviewed the Group's Five-Year Sustainable Development Plan and was briefed on the work of the Group's green nance, rural revitalization and other ESG priorities. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 95OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Independent Third-Party Assurance Report Independent Assurance Report To the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (the Board of Directors ) Responsibilities of the Board of DirectorsWe have been engaged by the Boards of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, ltd (hereafter PING AN ) to perform a limited assurance engagement on the information disclosed in Ping An 2022 Sustainability Report (hereafter the Sustainability Report') for the nancial period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The Board of Directors is responsible for the completion and presentation (including reporting guidelines, limitations, reporting data and relevant identi cation procedures) of the Report compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to GRI Standards of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The Board of Directors is also responsible for determining the objectives in respect of sustainability performance and reporting, including identi cation of stakeholders and material issues that are relevant to these stakeholders; establishing and maintaining appropriate performance management and internal control systems from which the reported performance information is derived; and maintaining adequate records. We maintains a comprehensive system of quality control applying International Standard on Quality Control 1. Basis of Our Work We conducted our work in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Federation of Accountants. We planned and performed our engagement to obtain all the information and evidence which we considered necessary to form conclusions. Procedures, Scopes and Limitations of Our Work Our procedures performed included interviewing with PING AN's personnel responsible for collecting, compiling and reporting the information, analyzing the information obtained, and other procedures relevant to the collection of the appropriate evidences. Speci cally we Interviewed relevant staff responsible for providing the underlying data for the selected information, to understand the procedure of identifying stakeholders and material issues, including relevant internal control procedures. Reviewed data and supporting documents to understand the coverage of those identified material issues and how it is implemented at a corporate level. Insured amount-Social Insurance Responsible Banking Performance Responsible Banking Performance-Green Banking Responsible Banking Performance-Inclusive Banking Responsible Banking Performance-Social Banking Our Conclusions Based on our work performed, nothing has come to our attention that would lead us to believe that there is any material misstatement related to the Subject Matter in the Sustainability Report. We only performed above assurance work at Shenzhen and Shanghai headquarters of PING AN, not including any branches and subsidiaries, we did not interview with external stakeholders. Moreover, the scope of this work does not include historical comparative data and nancial data. Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 97OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix List of Green Building and Healthy-Safety Building Certi cationName o f certi ed pr oject Name o f Certi ca tion Nort h Tower of Shenzhen Ping An Fina ncial Ce nter LEED pla tinum c erti cation, Three-Star Certi cate of Gr een Bui lding Label Shenzhen Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter South T ower LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shenzhen Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter WELL HSR c erti cation Chengdu Ping An Financia l Center LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Hang zhou Pin g An Finan cial Ce nter LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Wuhan Ping A n Financi al Cent er LEED Gold Ce rti cation, WELL HSR Ce rti cation Jinan Ping An Financial Ce nter LEED go ld certi ca tion, Three-Star Ce rti cate of Green Buil ding Label Tianjin Ping'an Teda Financi al Center LEED gold certi cation, Two-Star Ce rti cate of Green Bui lding Labe l Beijing Fengke Cent er LEED gold certi cation, Two-Star Ce rti cate of Green Bui lding Labe l Ping An Guanlan No. 3 Data Cent er LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Lize Ping An Fina ncial Ce nter LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shenzhen Pin g An Property In surance Buildin g LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Shang hai Pin g'an Bin jiang Fin ancial Center LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Building 3 4 5, Ent erprise World LEED Gold Ce rti ca tion Tongxiang Yaohua Int ernational Sc hool Phase I T eaching Buildin g LEED comme rcial indoor gold c erti ca tion Tongxiang Yaohua Int ernational Sc hool Phase I Le arning Ce nter LEED comme rcial indoor gold c erti ca tion Block A, Liz e Ping An Financi al Center WELL HS R certi cation, T wo-Star Certi cate of Gr een Bui lding Label Block B, Lize Ping An Fin ancial Center WELL HSR c erti cation China Ping An Oper ation Manageme nt Ce nter (Zh angjiang Su pport Cent er) WELL HSR c erti cation Beijing Pin g'an Building WELL HSR c erti cation Beijing Pin g An International Fina ncial Ce nter WELL HSR c erti cation Chengdu Ping'an Wealth Building WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Jin g'an Plaza (incl uding Jing'an No. 8 apar tment) WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Pin g An Wealth Building WELL HSR c erti cation Shang hai Pin g'an Bu ilding WELL HSR c erti cation Shen yang P ing An Wealth Cent er WELL HSR c erti cation Suzhou Ping An Wealth Center WELL HSR c erti cation China Ping An Financial Bu ilding WELL HSR c erti cation Chongqin g Ping An Wealth Cent er WELL HSR c erti cation Building 3, National Support Man agement Ce nter of China Ping A n Group Two-star Certi cate of Green Bui lding Label Ping An Financia l Building, Guangzh ou International Fin ance City One-star Ce rti cate of Green Buil ding Label Sanya Marriott Re sort & Spa Golden Leaf Gr een T ourism Hot elPing An Sustainability Report 2022 98OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Indicator Index GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations General Disclosures 2-1 Organiza tional details Opening (Abo ut this Report)2-2 Entities included in the organization s sustainability reporting 2-3 Report ing pe riod, frequenc y and c ontac t point 2-4 Restatements of information 2-5 External assurance Appendix (Inde pendent Third-Party Ass urance Repo rt) 2-6 General DisclosureB5 Activities, value c hain and o ther bus iness relationshipsSustainable Ope rations and Co mmuni ty (Sustainable Supply Chains ) 2-7 KPI B1. 1 Employees Appendix (Annual K ey Performanc e) 2-8 Workers who are not employeesSustainabl e Ope rations and Co mmunity (D evelopment and Welfare of Empl oyees and A gents, Sus tainable Supply Chai ns) 2-9 Governance structure and compo sition Refer to Annual Report2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 2-11 Chair o f the highe st go vernanc e body 2-12 Role o f the highe st gove rnanc e body in ove rseeing t he manageme nt of impac ts 2-13 Delegation of responsibilit y for managing impacts 2-14 Role o f the highe st gove rnanc e body in sustainabi lity reporting Appendi x (Statement o f the Board of Directors) 2-15 Con icts of interest Refer to Annual Repor t 2-16 Communic ation of critical c oncerns Appendix (S tatement o f the Board of Directors) 2-17 Collectiv e kno wledge of the highe st gove rnanc e body Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Corp orate Go vernanc e) 2-18 Evaluation o f the performanc e of the highest gove rnanc e bodyRefer to Annual Repo rt 2-19 Remuner ation po licies Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Corporate Governanc e) 2-20 Process to determine remuner ation Refer to Annual Repo rt 2-22 Statement on sustainabl e developme nt st rategy Appendix (S tatement o f the Board of Directors) 2-23 Policy commitme nts Sustainable Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) 2-24 Embedding poli cy commitme nts Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management 2-25 Processes to remedia te negative impact s Sustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) 2-26 Mechanis ms fo r seeking advi ce and r aising c oncerns 2-28 Members hip assoc iations Opening (Annual A wards and Re cognition)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 99OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engage mentSustainable Development Strategy Manage ment (Stakeholder Engagement) FN-AC-330a. Percentage of gende r and r acial ethnic group representation of (1) executi ve manage ment, (2) no n-executive manage ment, (3) professionals, and (4) all ot her emplo yees Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e) FN-AC- 410a. Amount of assets under manageme nt, by ass et class, tha t emplo y (1) int egration of environmental, social and governanc e (ESG) iss ues, (2 ) sustainabili ty theme d investing and (3) screening Material topic s 3-1 Process to determine ma terial topicsSustai nable De velopment S trategy Management (Ma teriality Assessment)3-2 List of material topics Economic P erforman ce 3-3 Manageme nt of material topics Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management 201-1 Direct economic value ge nerated and di stributedOpening (Annual Performanc e Review for Sustainabl e Development) 201-2 General Disclosure A4 KPI A4. 1 FN-CB-55 0a. Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding quali ed to programs de signed to promote small bus iness and c ommunity developmentSustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting) Market Presen ce 3-3 Manageme nt of material topics Sustai nable De velopment S trategy Management Indir ect Economic Impa cts 3-3 Manageme nt of material topicsSustai nable Bus iness (Responsible Investing, S ustainable Insurance, Resp onsible Banking, Responsible Product s) 203-1 KPI B8. 1 Infrastruc ture investments and se rvices suppor tedSustainabl e Business (Responsible Investing), Sust ainable Operations and Co mmunity (Rur al Revitalization and Communi ty Impact ) 203-2 Signi cant indir ect economic impac tsSustai nable Busi ness (Responsib le Investing, Sustainable Insurance), Sustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Rural Revitalization and Co mmunity Impac t) FN-IN-4 10a. Descr iption of appr oach t o managi ng capital and l iquidity -related risks associa ted wi th systemic non-i nsurance activitiesPing An Sustainability Report 2022 100OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations FN-CB-4 10a. Descriptio n of appr oach t o incorporation of environmental, social and gove rnanc e (ESG) f actors in credit anal ysisSustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting, Sustainabl e Insurance, Responsible Banki ng) FN-AC- 410a. Descriptio n of appr oach t o incorporation of environmental, social, and gove rnanc e (ESG) factors in i nvestme nt and or wealth manage ment pr ocesses and st rategies Sustainable Busin ess (Resp onsible In vesting) FN-AC- 410a. Descriptio n of pr oxy voting and in vestee engage ment poli cies and pr ocedur es Anti-corruptio n 3-3 General Disclosure B7Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Co nduc t) 205-1 Oper ations assessed for ris ks related to corrupt ionSustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct), Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)205-2 KPI B7. 3KPI B7. 2 Communica tion and tr aining abo ut anti -corrupti on po licies and procedures KPI B7. 1 Numbe r of concluded l egal c ases regarding corrupt pr actices brought against the iss uer or it s empl oyees during the repor ting peri od and t he outcomes of the casesRefer to China Judgements Onli ne FN-CB-510a. Descriptio n of whist leblower policies and pr ocedures Sustainable Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code o f Conduct) Materials 3-3 General Disclosure A2 General Disclosure A3 KPI A 3. 1 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Our T CFD Repo rt (Our Measures to Reduc e Emiss ions) KPI A2. 5 Total pac kaging ma terial used fo r ni shed produc ts (in t onnes) and, if appli cable, with r eference to pe r unit pr oducedNot appl icable to the nanci al services o ered b y the Gr oup. Energy 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 3 General Disclosure A3 KPI A 3. 1 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Our T CFD Repo rt (Our Measures to Reduc e Emiss ions) 302-1 KPI A2. 1 Energy consumptio n wit hin the organization Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)302-2 Energy consumpti on o utside of the o rganiza tion 302-3 KPI A2. 1 Energy int ensity 302-4 Reduc tion of energy consumpti on FN-IN-4 10b. Net pr emiums written related to energy e ciency and lo w carbo n techno logySustai nable Busi ness (Sustainable Insurance) Water and E u ents 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 4 General Disclosure A3 KPI A3. 1Management of material topics Ping An's main operation is focused on the o ce workplace, and there is currently no issue with sourcing water. Numbe r of partic ipants in nanc ial literacy initiatives for unbank ed, under bank ed, o r unde rserved customersSustainable Ope rations and C ommuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience, Rural Revitalization and Co mmunity Impact ) Supplier So cial Assessmen t 3-3 General Disclosure B5 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Sustainable Suppl y Chai ns), Appendi x (Annual Key Performanc e)414-1 KPI B5. 2 KPI B5. 3New suppl iers that were screened us ing s ocial crit eria KPI B5. 1 Numbe r of suppliers by geo graphical regionPing An Sustainability Report 2022 103OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix GRI S tandar dsHKEX ESG Reporting Gu ide Descriptio n Page number (s) and or explanations Customer Health a nd Sa fety 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Manageme nt of ma terial topicsSustainable Ope rations and C ommuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience), Sustainable Governanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) KPI B6. 1 KPI B6. 4Percentage o f total pr oducts sold o r shippe d subje ct to recalls for safe ty and he alth reasons Descript ion of quality assurance process and r ecall procedures. Descriptio n of appr oach to informing cust omers about productsSustainable Ope rations and C ommunity (Consumer Protectio n and Exper ience), Sustainable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) FN-IN-410b. Discuss ion of products and or pr oduct features that incentivize health, saf ety, and or environment ally responsible actio ns and or behaviorsSustai nable Busi ness (Sustainable Insurance, Re sponsible Product s) FN-AC-270a. Descriptio n of appr oach to informing cust omers about products and s ervicesSustainable Ope rations and C ommunity (Consumer Protectio n and Exper ience), Sustainable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Conduct ) Marketing and La belin g 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Manageme nt of ma terial topics Sustai nable Gove rnanc e (Bus iness Code of Co nduc t) KPI B6. 2 Numbe r of products and s ervice related complaints received and ho w the y are dealt wi thSustainabl e Ope rations and Co mmunity (Consume r Protection and Experienc e) KPI B6. 3Descriptio n of pr actices relating t o observing and pr otecting intellectual pr operty rightsSustainabl e Go vernanc e (Busin ess Code of Conduct) Customer Privacy 3-3 General Disclosure B6 KPI B6. 5FN-CB-230a. Manageme nt of ma terial topics; Descriptio n of appr oach to identify ing and addr essing da ta security risksSustai nable Oper ations and Co mmuni ty (Consume r Protection and Exper ience), Sustai nable Governanc e (Info rmation Se curity and AI Gove rnanc e)Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 104OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix Feedback Thank y ou for y our support for the impr ove- ment of our c orpor ate sustainability pr actic- es. W e are looking forw ard to hearing y our feedback via email or phone call. cn Telephone 9551 1 In or der t o provide y ou and other stak eholders with professional and v aluable sustainability information and further impr ove the quality of our sustainability r eporting, please giv e us y our feedback and c omments r egar ding the questions in the feedback form belo w thr ough following channels By mail (Please write sustainability r eport feedback on the en velope.) By email (Please label the subject sustainability report feedback.) By Telephone Your information Name Position Fax Compan y Telephone Email Are you pleased with this r eport? Does this r eport pr ovide enough disclosur e regar ding the issues that y ou ar e interested in? Ping An Sustainability Report 2022 105OpeningSustainable Development Strategy Management SustainableBusinessSustainable Governance Our TCFD ReportSustainable Operations and Community Appendix This report is prin ted on recycled paper The report introduces our sustainability philosophy and policies and our environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance (hereinafter referred to as ESG ) performances in 2022, and highlights on how we responded to the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders. This report covers our business activities from 1 January to 31 December 2022, with some content from beyond this time span for continuity reasons. The information herein comes from internal data and relevant public information. Unless otherwise specified, all monetary figures shown in this SR are expressed in RMB (yuan). Unless otherwise specified, the data in this SR covers the data of Sinopec Corp. and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries. The Company's Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report on 24 March 2023. The report is available in Chinese and English versions, and the Chinese version shall prevail in case of any conflict or inconsistency. The report can be downloaded at the website http www. References This report includes certain forward-looking statements with respect to the results of our business operations and certain plans and conditions. All statements that address activities, events or developments that we expect will or may occur in the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and by their nature involve risk and uncertainty. This means that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement due to a number of factors and uncertainties. Disclaimer Letter from Chairman Board's Statement on ESG Governance About Us Recognition and Awards01 03 04 05 Environmental Performance Social PerformanceKey Performance 103 105103 Independent Assurance Report107 114 114 115HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Content Index UNGC Ten Principles Index TCFD Index UNGC Advanced Level Criteria IndexReport Content Indexes 111111 Feedback 11607 Building a Solid Safety Defence Line 65 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security67 69 70 71 74 75 76Sustainability Management Governance System Business Integrity and Operation Compliance Risk Management and Internal Control Technological Innovation Digital and Intelligent Development09 14 25 2817 24Corporate Governance 29Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents 77 Addressing Climate Change Climate Strategies and Actions Reducing GHG Emissions Promoting Energy Transition 31 37 43Respecting and Protecting Human Rights Human Capital Management Employee Training and Development Employee Care79 81 83 86 Protecting the Environment 49Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation51 54 57 57 59 61 62Contributing to Social Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Communication and Engagement Product and Service Management Promoting Win-win Development of the Industry89 93 95 98 10287CONTENTS Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 01 02 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility measures to strengthen hazard inspection and rectification while increasing supervision on key links. These actions were instrumental in effectively reversing the negative situation. We strengthened the implementation of safety responsibilities, promoted the efficiency of the HSE system, and strengthened emergency management, thereby improving our emergency response capacity. By optimising the allocation of safety equipment and improving the working environment, we have consolidated the foundation of occupational health management, effectively ensuring the physical and mental well-being of our employees. Our performance in serving the Beijing Winter Olympic Games and the Winter Paralympic Games was highly recognised by all parties. We actively explored distinctive modes of rural revitalisation to promote industrial development with marketing support, boost revitalisation by industry, and enhance rural development through education. During the emergency rescue and disaster relief tasks, we always took promotive actions and donated funds and relief supplies. We further implemented public welfare and charity projects such as Spring Bud Gas Station Programme, Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme, and conducted international business with the concept of paying back to the local communities and contributing to the local economy, and continued to improve our image as a responsible international company. We are actively promoting the development of the domestic hydrogen energy industrial chain, ranking the first globally in terms of hydrogen refuelling stations in operation and under construction. Our business in wind power, photovoltaic, and other sectors also developing well, and our bio-jet fuel business has achieved large-scale production and application. We are committed to promoting carbon peaking and carbon neutrality in an integrated and orderly manner with the launching and implementation of the Action Plan for Carbon Dioxide Peaking Before 2030. Adhering to the principle of reducing carbon emissions of existing energy consumption, lowering carbon emissions of energy consumption increment, seeking zero carbon emissions, and developing carbon-negative technologies, we have completed and put into operation China's first million-tonne CCUS demonstration project. This achievement has made Sinopec Corp. a technology company with a complete carbon-related industrial chain. We have comprehensively strengthened our environmental compliance management, established a supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and conducted environmental compliance verification of construction projects. We promoted the protection and restoration of major ecosystems and launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Project. We actively promoted digital transformation and enhanced the digitalisation and intelligentisation of our business via demonstration projects such as Industrial Internet. In response to the once-severe situation of safety production, we took decisive Letter from Chairman Dear Friends, On behalf of the Board of Sinopec Corp., I would like to express our sincere gratitude for your continued attention and support! Sustainable development is a golden key to addressing the current global challenges. ESG, as a tangible manifestation of a company's development philosophy at the micro-level, aligns closely with the Chinese government's fundamental principles of high-quality development and harmonious coexistence between man and nature. We have fully integrated environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations into our corporate operations and development strategies. In the past year, we have made significant progress in strengthening corporate governance, ensuring a secure and stable energy supply, promoting green and low-carbon development, driving technological innovation, enhancing safety management, and fulfilling social responsibility. The Board of Directors is wholly dedicated to enhancing strategic planning and has thoroughly deliberated and approved the Company's medium and long-term development plans. Our independent directors have carried out their duties and offered valuable suggestions for corporate reform and development. We have revised multiple governance policies to consolidate the institutional foundation for standardised governance and deepened the construction of internal control system to continuously improve its effectiveness. For the first time, we repurchased shares both domestically and overseas to increase our value and shareholder returns. We have formulated and implemented the Sinopec Medium and Long-term Talent Development Plan in the 14th Five-Year Plan Period to build a team of high-quality and professional talent. We have also increased investment in oil and gas exploration and production, achieving new domestic oil and Ma Yongsheng, Chairman March 24, 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 03 04 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Board's Statement on ESG GovernanceAbout UsThe Company's Board of Directors made the following statement in accordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ). Sinopec Corp. is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in China, with its business scope all over the world, mainly including oil and gas exploration and production, oil refining, oil sales and chemical industry. It is a large oil and gas and petrochemical product manufacturer in China and has a complete sales network of refined oil and chemical products in China. The Board of Directors is the highest responsibility and decision- making agency, bearing the ultimate responsibility for Sinopec Corp.'s ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing and deliberating the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainability and ESG strategies and plans; overseeing the commitments and performances of the Company on key ESG issues such as climate change, environmental protection and compliance management; overseeing key information regarding sustainability issues related to the Company's businesses and approving the Company's annual The Company attaches great importance to ESG management, adheres to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, and sharing, and deeply implements development strategies of value-leading, market-oriented, innovation-driven, green and clean, open and cooperation, and talents to revitalise the enterprise. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the progress of the targets and reports it to the Board of Directors. Sinopec Corp.'s primary refining facilities are located in China. In 2022, Sinopec Corp. processed 242. 27 million tonnes of crude oil and produced 140. 15 million tonnes of refined oil products. Sinopec Corp.'s primary chemical production facilities are located in China, producing synthetic resin, synthetic fibre, synthetic rubber, basic organic chemicals and other petrochemical products. The only overseas projects include the Sibul project and the Amur project under construction. Sinopec Corp. is an important trader of crude oil in China, engaging in the international trade of crude oil, refined oil products and chemical products. As of the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had been granted 49, 852 patents cumulatively, of which 6, 289 were granted within the year. The Committee convenes at least once each year, and can hold ad hoc meetings when necessary. It also carries out materiality analysis by conducting stakeholder research and expert consultation, to identify key ESG issues for the Company's development, continuously optimise its ESG governance and risk control, and improve the overall ESG management level. the Company signs annual performance commitment documents with management staff and subsidiaries to integrate part of key ESG performance indicators as the KPIs for key management staff. ESG Governance StructureInvestor Relations Management and Stakeholder Engagement The Company establishes the Sustainability Committee under the Board and promotes the integration of ESG factors into corporate decisions by improving ESG top-level design, providing a solid foundation for the Company's sustainable development. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and supervision rules of securities both home and abroad, Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to investor relations management, and formulates the Sinopec Management Regulations on Information Disclosure and Sinopec Management Regulations on Investor Relations. Conforming to regulatory requirements, the Company maintains positive interaction and communication with investors through the General Meeting of Shareholders, institutional investor meetings, roadshows, investor hotlines, and online platform communication. The Company strengthens the communications with stakeholders, including government, regulators, customers, employees, communities, etc., and has established various channels for regular and special communication with multiple stakeholders to thoroughly understand their demands and expectations. The Board of Directors is the top ESG decision-making body, responsible for the overall planning and coordination of its ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee, with the Chairman of the Board as the chairperson of the Committee, is responsible for supervising and deliberating the Company's ESG strategy, targets and annual plans, and reporting ESG implementation results and major plans to the Board of Directors. Our subsidiaries operate in accordance with the Company's ESG management policies, ESG master plan, targets and tasks. Business performance Address climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Invest in new energy Research and innovation Risk management and operation complianceInformation disclosure required by law Performance release and meeting Teleconference and online interaction Website, investor hotline, visit and roadshow Capital market conference Business ethics and anti-corruption Risk management and operation compliance Invest in new energy Address climate change Ensure energy supply Taxation and job creation Research and innovationDaily communication and reporting Discussion and seminar Project approval Government supervision and regulation Quality of products and services Invest in new energy Ensure energy supply Research and innovation Digital transformationDaily service communication Customer visits Questionnaire survey Website, WeChat and other online media Workplace health and safety Training and career development Diversity and equal opportunity Respect human rightsCollective negotiations and employee representative conference Visit and research Annual commendation Regular trainings Corporate cultural activities Website, WeChat and other online media Community communication and engagement Taxation and job creation Responsible supply chain Support common prosperityCorporate philanthropy On-site research Community communication activities Open Days Complaint hotline Media communication Address climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Pollution and emission management Biodiversity and land use Resource recycling and reuse Water resource managementProject environmental and social risk assessment Environmental information disclosure Environmental performance monitoring and disclose Respond to external investigation Science popularisation activities of environmental protection Stakeholders Key Communication Topics Communication Channels Government and RegulatorsShareholders and Investors Customers Employees CommunitiesBoard of Directors Sustainability Committee Corporate Headquarters HQ Departments SubsidiariesReporting Decision-making Feedback Decision-making FeedbackReporting Approval Communication Coordination ImplementationAudit Committee Strategy Committee Nomination CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal Committee Anti-corruption Management SystemHuman Rights Management SystemHSE Management System Risk Management System Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 11 12 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility 2 5 8 103 17 12 116 4 14 15 1613 171819 21 209 Significance to stakeholdersMateriality AnalysisIn 2022, the Company continued to identify, screen, and evaluate sustainability issues. This report discloses and responds to the Company's management and practical performance in addressing the 21 identified issues. The sustainability issues for 2022 remained largely unchanged from those in 2021. The relevant changes come from the in-depth interpretation of the issues based on the national macro-policy guidance, such as energy supply guarantee and green-oriented transition and community communication and engagement. We reviewed our development strategy and plans, and identified 21 issues of significance both to the Company and its stakeholders. Identification We invited both key stakeholders, such as investors and sustainability experts, and employee representatives, to evaluate the identified issues from their perspectives, and constructed a two-dimensional mapping of the issues based on their significance. Evaluation Based on the materiality matrix constructed, we ranked the material issues based on their significance, and selected the issues with high significance for focused disclosure in this report. Material issue Indicator aspect Core1Risk management and operation compliance- 2 Invest in new energy A4 Climate Change 3 Address climate change A4 Climate Change 4 Research and innovation - 5Occupational health and safety B2 Health and Safety 6Energy supply guarantee and green-oriented transition A4 Climate Change 7Pollution and emissions controlA1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources 8 Corporate governance - 9Business ethics and anti- corruptionB7 Anti-corruption 10Quality of products and services B6 Product Responsibility 11 Digital transformation - 12 Respect human rights B1 Employment, B4 Labour Standards Important13Resource recycling and reuseA2 Use of Resources 14Employee training and career development B3 Development and Training 15Support common prosperityB8 Community Investment 16 Biodiversity and land useA3 The Environment and Natural Resources 17Water resource management A2 Use of Resources 18Community communication and engagementB8 Community Investment 19 Responsible supply chainB5 Supply Chain Management Regular20 Taxation and job creation B8 Community Investment 21Diversity and equal opportunity B1 Employment Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 13 14 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility SDGs Mapping Table SDGs SDGs Sinopec Corp. Actions in 2022 We vigorously participated in the rural revitalisation. We supported the development of specialty agriculture in rural areas. Over 16, 175 mu of quinoa were grown in 10 townships of Dongxiang County, Gansu Province, and sold over RMB 70 million all year, helping 4, 964 households grow their incomes. We actively cooperated with the development of the new energy vehicle industry and accelerated the construction of new energy vehicle charging and swapping facilities and hydrogen refuelling stations. We promoted carbon emission reduction technologies, and strengthened the monitoring and managing of greenhouse gas emissions. We conducted site visits to enterprises along the Yangtze River, the Yellow River and other key river basins to protect the environment of the river systems. We maintained our membership in the Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW) to protect the marine environment and marine life. We conducted soil and groundwater assessment to prevent soil and groundwater contamination. We required all new and under-construction projects to pass environmental impact assessment first, and identify the eco- environmental sensitivity of projects to avoid eco-sensitive areas and ecological conservation areas. We also conducted ecological environment assessment for decommissioned facilities, and carried out ecological restoration work if needed. Our biodiversity practice was selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP15) in Montreal, Canada. We complied with the code of business ethics, continued to improve integrity and compliance management to ensure business integrity, and implemented a zero tolerance policy for corruption and violations of business ethics to eradicate all forms of corruption. We also urged our suppliers and contractors to strengthen their security management and environmental protection efforts. We continuously supported UN Global Compact and other global initiatives, and cooperated closely with international organisations, trade associations, research orgnisations and business partners to explore cutting-edge technology development. Governance SystemIn accordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Mandatory Provisions of the Articles of Association of Companies Listed Overseas and other national laws and regulations, as well as the provisions on the supervision and administration of securities at both domestic and international levels, Sinopec Corp. has formulated the Articles of Association and other governance documents, to continuously improve the corporate governance system. The session of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and adopting the working rules and amendments of its committees. In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and the Articles of Association, all members of the Board are diligent and conscientious in exercising their professional knowledge and skills, standardising the exercise of their functions and authorities, earnestly implementing the resolutions of the General Meeting of Shareholders, and making scientific decisions for the sustainable development of the Company. In 2022, the Company held nine Board meetings with full attendance of the directors, and approved 42 motions. Relevant information about the meetings is disclosed on the websites of related stock exchanges and our corporate website in the form of announcements. In accordance with the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, and to ensure that independent directors have enough time and energy to effectively perform their duties, the Company stipulates in the Articles of Association that those who have concurrently served as an independent director in five listed companies are not eligible to be an independent director of the Company. Directors shall be elected or replaced by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and each Board has a three-year tenure of office. Independent non-executive directors may not be re-elected for more than 6 years. The Company outlines the nomination methods and procedures of directors in the Articles of Association and the Procedures for the Nomination of Director Candidates of Sinopec. Attendance of the Board Other positions of independent directors Board electionAs the decision-making body of Sinopec Corp., the Board plays a critical role in corporate governance. In strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Guidelines for the Governance of Listed Companies issued by the CSRC, the Company has clarified and defined contents such as the selections and obligations of directors, the performance and evaluation of directors, the composition and responsibilities of the Board, and the rules of procedure of the Board by establishing and improving the related system and working mechanism, to lay a solid foundation for the effective governance of the Board. These factors include professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of service, regions, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender and age, etc. This policy aims to enhance the sensitivity of the Board to a wider range of risks and effectively improve its scientific decision-making abilities. The present Board of Directors has extensive professional theoretical and practical experience in different industries both home and abroad. Their professional backgrounds include petroleum and petrochemicals, economics, accounting, finance, management, etc. Effectiveness of the Board Diversity of the Board For details of the members of the Board, please refer to the Board of Directors section on the Company's website. We upgraded water facilities in Dongxiang County to bring tap water to villages in Dongxiang County, Gansu Province. We paid attention to the needs of female employees during pregnancy and maternity, as well as the physical and mental health of female employees. We protected the health and safety of our employees, and provided all employees with occupational disease screening, prevention, physical examination, and special intervention for high-exposure personnel. Sinopec Corp. has maintained zero fatalities for overseas security for 15 consecutive years. The Sinopec Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) Committee adopts positive psychological care initiatives to promote the physical and mental health of our employees. We actively invested in new energy businesses to increase the share of natural gas and other clean energy in our energy supplies, with 7. 44 billion cubic metres of natural gas production capacity. Our bio-jet fuel capacity reached 100, 000 tonnes per year. We generated job opportunities for migrant workers and new recruits from previous employment history. We also actively recruited female employees, overseas employees and minority employees to ensure equal employment opportunities. The number of independent non-executive directors shall account for at least one-third of the Board's total members. The nominators to express their opinions on the qualifications and independence of the nominees as independent directors, and the nominees shall make a public statement to declare that they do not have a relationship with the Company that would influence their independent and objective judgment. The Company confirms the independence of its independent non-executive directors annually. The Board reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference of the Independent Non-Executive Directors in November 2021. Each independent non-executive director fulfils his or her duties in good faith as required by the Company's Terms of Reference of the Independent Non- Executive Directors, providing independent opinions on matters such as the Company's appointment of senior management personnel, related transactions, profit distribution plans and other matters, and safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of small and medium- sized investors. Independent directors are also granted special powers, such as putting forward specific requirements for audit work, participating in the selection of external auditing agencies, proposing to convene a Board meeting, etc. By the end of 2022, the Company had four independent non-executive directors in the Board, accounting for 40 of its total members. Independent non-executive directors participate deeply in the work of each committee of the Board and contribute to the reform and development of the Company, three of whom serve as chairperson of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nomination Committee respectively. The committees conduct research on professional matters, and present opinions and suggestions to the Board for decision- making. The Chairman of the Board serves as chairperson of the Sustainability Committee to promote the in-depth integration of sustainable development with the Company's operations. The Articles of Association and related policy documents can be found at Board of SupervisorsThe Board of Supervisors is accountable to the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders by inspecting and supervising the legality of the performance of the directors and senior management personnel. To standardise the discussion methods and voting procedures of the Board of Supervisors, and improve the corporate governance structure, the Company has formulated the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the regulatory laws and regulations of listed companies at home and abroad as well as the Articles of Association, which specifies the powers, composition, meeting system, discussion procedures, information disclosure and other contents of the Board of Supervisors. In addition to the qualifications specified in the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Articles of Association, supervisors of the Board of Supervisors must possess professional knowledge and working experience in legal, accounting or other professional fields to effectively support the stable and orderly operation of the Company. Supervisors who are not employee representatives of the Company are elected and dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and those who are employee representatives are democratically elected and dismissed by employees of the Company via employee congress or other means. By the end of 2022, the Company's Board of Supervisors consisted of eight members, of whom three were employee representatives, accounting for 37. 5 of the Board. In 2022, the Board of Supervisors convened four meetings and deliberated on nine topics, with a 100 attendance rate of supervisors. Consists of eight directors, including Chairman of the Board, who serves as chairperson of the Committee, and three independent non-executive directors, who serve as members. In 2022, the Strategy Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan for Economic and Social Development and the Long-Range Objectives through the Year 2035 and the Motion on 2022 Investment Plan. In 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Report on the Implementation of the Remuneration System for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Managers in 2021. In 2022, the Nomination Committee convened one meeting in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the Motion on the Appointment of Senior Vice President. In 2022, the Sustainability Committee convened one meeting, with a 100 attendance rate, and approved the 2021 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report, the Report on Environmental Protection Work in 2021 and Work Plan for 2022, and the Report on Anti-corruption Compliance Work in 2021 and the Working Arrangements in 2022. The Audit Committee consists of 4 independent non-executive directors, with an independent director who is an accounting professional as the chairman. In 2022, the Audit Committee convened five meetings in total to review and approve 17 topics, including the Internal Control Manual (2022 Version), the Description on the Business Performance, Financial Status and Related Matters in 2021, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd., the Report on the Implementation of Financial Derivatives Business in 2021 and the Work Plan in 2022, the Financial Report 2021, the Annual Report 2021, the Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2021, the Report on Auditing in 2021 and Arrangement of Auditing in 2022, the First Quarterly Report for 2022, the 20-F Report for 2021, the Notes on Business Performance, the Financial Status and Related Matters in the First Half of 2022, the Semi- Annual Financial Report 2022, the Semi-Annual Report 2022, the Ongoing Assessment Report on the Risk of Related Transactions between Sinopec, Sinopec Finance Co., Ltd. and Sinopec Century Bright Capital Investment Co., Ltd. in the first half of 2022, the Report on Auditing in the First Half of 2022 and Arrangement of Auditing in the Second Half of 2022, the Third Quarterly Report for 2022, and the Report on the Implementation of Internal Audit Plan in the Third Quarter of 2022, with a 100 attendance rate. The Committee also takes into account the remuneration level of peer companies, as well as their specific responsibilities and the time they paid, and puts forward suggestions on their appraisal. Meanwhile, the Committee supervises the implementation of the remuneration system, ensuring that neither any director nor their contact person participates in the formulation of their own remuneration. The remuneration structure of the Company's senior management personnel includes basic salary and performance bonus, which are implemented in accordance with the Company's Measures for the Implementation of Senior Management Remuneration. The annual performance bonus is determined mainly based on the appraisal of key performance indicators. The Company discloses the remuneration information of the Board of Directors and senior management in the annual report, which can be found in the Strengthen Compliance ManagementBusiness Integrity and Operation ComplianceThe guarantee of integrity and compliance management is the basis of the Company's stable and long-term development. Sinopec Corp. adheres to the rule of law and continues to improve compliance management policies and systems. The Company maintains high standards of business ethics, and always implements a zero tolerance policy towards corruption and violations of business ethics by strictly eliminating all relevant cases. Furthermore, the Company has integrated compliance management into internal control, business processes, and individual responsibilities. During the reporting period, the Company had no major legal compliance incidents. The Company conducts regular market benchmarking of salary performance, utilising the results to guide subsidiaries in controlling income distribution gaps between personnel at different positions and levels. This is achieved by referring to labour market prices, improving salary competitiveness for key talents, and establishing a reasonable distribution system. The Company incorporates ESG indicators into the performance appraisal in the form of obligatory targets, mainly including workplace safety (including but not limited to safety violations, accidents), energy conservation and environmental protection (including but not limited to greenhouse gas emission, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, environmental protection violation), anti-corruption management, operation compliance, risk management, etc. Failure to meet the assessment targets will result in the deduction of the comprehensive appraisal scores. The performance appraisal is tied to the remuneration. For each deduction of 1 point, a certain percentage of the performance bonus, up to 20, will be deducted. Creating a corporate culture of good faith and complianceSinopec's Key Compliance Management Measures in 2022 202020 202130 202153. 76 202233 202035. 84 202259. 1359. 13Number of Compliance Trainees (10, 000 person-times)Employee Coverage Rate of Compliance Training ( ) Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 19 20 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Employee Codes of ConductAnti-Corruption Organisation SystemThe Employee Codes of Conduct is formulated in accordance with the law, applying to all employees of the Company. The employees must abide by the laws and regulations of China or the country (region) where the Company operates, as well as the rules and regulations of the Company, including the Employee Codes of Conduct. The Employee Codes of Conduct provides behaviour guidelines in areas such as health and safety, environmental protection, business conduct, ethical standards, workplace protocols, quality requirements, confidentiality, etc., and requires all employees to adhere to relevant rules such as business integrity, anti-discrimination, and information confidentiality. Any employee who violates the Employee Codes of Conduct will face disciplinary measures under the Sinopec Regulations on Punishment for Violations of Disciplines and Rules. In circumstances where the offender may be charged with a crime, the offender will be transferred to the judicial system for legal liabilities. The Company has developed and continuously optimises the Integrity and Compliance Management Handbook, which focuses on ten key areas such as corporate governance and operation, health, safety and environmental protection, social responsibility and employees' rights and interests, anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition, anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption, consumer rights and interests protection, intellectual property rights and data information, taxation and assets. The Company has specified 54 codes of conduct that the Company should follow and 50 codes of conduct that staff should abide by. Each branch (subsidiary) has a special supervisory organisation or post to implement specific anti-corruption measures in accordance with national laws and regulations as well as the Company's regulations. The Company also regularly conducts research and deploys key supervision tasks. In March 2023, the Company's anti-corruption and compliance management and its performance in 2022 was reviewed by the Sustainability Committee of the Board. For details of Employee Codes of Conduct, please refer to Anti-Corruption System The Company has established and continued to improve the anti- corruption policy and system, which fully cover all its affiliated institutions, businesses and personnel, providing a solid guarantee for the Company's long-term and stable development. In 2022, the Company introduced several relevant systems, including the management regulations for business enterprises operated by relatives of management personnel, the interview mechanism for daily supervision, and the procedures for recording and reporting management personnel intervention in major matters. Management personnel and employees who are also CPC members must strictly abide by party regulations, such as the CPC Code of Integrity and CPC Self-Discipline, the CPC Regulations on Anti- Corruption, and other regulations, and are subject to relevant supervision accordingly. The results of which are tied to salary, position, and rank adjustments. The assessment indicators mainly include three aspects the performance of anti-corruption responsibilities and support for supervision institutions by the management; the performance of supervision; the performance of accountability. Regulation on the Punishment of Employees Who Violate Disciplines or Regulations Supervision and Discipline Measures of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team (Trial) Opinions on Strengthening Daily Supervision of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Institutions (Trial) Implementation Measures on Accountability for Non- compliance in Investment Management Regulations on Working Procedures for Accountability Investigation (Trial) Measures of Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision Agency for Handling Reports and Accusations Management Regulations on Business Enterprises Run by Relatives of Management Personnel (2022) Measures of Talk for Daily Supervision (2022) Recording and Reporting Procedures for Management Personnel Intervention in Major Matters (2022)Main existing anti-corruption policies of Sinopec Corp. Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption ManagementThe Company maintains a zero tolerance approach to corruption and is committed to improving its anti-corruption and compliance system, as well as the supervision and management procedures. These efforts have enhanced the effectiveness of restriction and supervision on power operations and created a sound working environment with increased employee satisfaction with anti-corruption management. The Company strictly abides by China's anti-corruption laws and regulations, the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable to the countries and regions where it operates. The Company complies with the business integrity and anti-corruption regulations and commitments of its business partners and always advocates for an integrity culture. The Company strictly forbids its subsidiaries and employees, including labourers and temporary workers, from giving or accepting bribes, or engaging in corruption, fraud, or monopoly behaviour for any reason, in any form and any location. The Company also requires suppliers, contractors, and service providers to follow these requirements. When conducting business overseas, the Company strictly abides by the principles and regulations of anti-corruption, anti-commercial bribery, anti- fraud, and anti-monopoly. Anti-Corruption StatementThe Supervision Department of the Company operates under the oversight of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and staff to ensure standardised behaviour and prevent abuse of power. The Department has strengthened the supervision and inspection of lower-level supervision institutions and standardised their supervision behaviour. Any tip-offs about supervisory authorities and supervisors will be accepted and independently investigated by specialised agencies. The Company strictly investigates and deals with corrupt practices of supervisors in accordance with its systems and relevant laws and regulations. The Company integrated anti-corruption education into business training, defined specific contents in the induction training for new employees, and provided relevant education and training to employees at all levels, achieving a training coverage rate of 100. Management personnel at all levels are also given due attention in terms of anti-corruption education, with centralised cautionary education, interviews, and case studies carried out to guide and urge them to follow business ethics. In 2022, the headquarters and subsidiaries of the Company provided 2, 623 anti- corruption related courses, totaling 15, 864 hours and maintained a 100 anti-corruption training coverage rate. We revised our internal control system based on the latest requirements of anti-corruption and compliance as well as the problems found during internal audits and external inspections, reducing limitations on discretion and promoting standardised power operation through authoritative guidance. We also revised and upgraded the system for handling reports and accusations, which serves to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of our employees while ensuring that investigations are conducted in accordance with regulations and disciplinary procedures. In response to the problems found during supervision and inspection, we formulated and issued Supervision Proposals to urge relevant departments (subsidiaries) to rectify problems and loopholes, improve relevant systems and enhance management efficiency. Deeply conducting daily supervision and special governance The Company maintains a strict zero tolerance stance towards corruption. In 2022, a total of 27 people were punished for violating the Company's anti-corruption rules, and the court concluded three corruption lawsuits. The Company clearly embedded integrity risk control into key project stages such as project bidding, project change, contract settlement, quality and safety management, contractor management, acceptance of projects, and on-site inspection throughout the project preparation, implementation, trial production and acceptance. The Company requires all suppliers and contractors to sign a Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics (including those registered on the EPEC online platform) to clarify the Company's requirements for business ethics and anti-corruption. Meanwhile, the Company entrusts a third-party commercial credit evaluation agency to conduct corporate credit certification for suppliers, regularly monitors the credit changes and abnormal operation of its suppliers and contractors using big data technologies, and tracks their operations for any administrative sanctions or penalties for faith-breaking. In 2022, 2, 937 suppliers passed the corporate credit certification, bringing the accumulative number to 10, 327. In 2022, six suppliers were penalised for violating the Company's regulations on business ethics. Anti-Corruption Risk AssessmentTo ensure effective risk management, the Company considers prevention and control of integrity risk as an essential component of its risk management plan. This includes conducting regular comprehensive risk identification, with a focus on anti-corruption and compliance risks. The Supervision Department regularly reports the overall state of anti-corruption and important matters to the Sustainability Committee and the Board. The Company prepares major risk management reports every quarter. Management Regulations on the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects Management Regulations on Bidding and Submission of Tendering for Construction Projects Management Measures for Material Procurement and Resources SupplyAnti-Corruption and Compliance Management Systems for Suppliers and Contractors Guangdong Company builds the first Integrity Culture Demonstration Station and organises employees to learn and visit the Integrity Culture Wall Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 23 24 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Risk Management and Internal Control Intellectual Property Protection The Company strictly abides by the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, national criminal law, tort liability law, patent law, trademark law, copyright law, anti-unfair competition law, and other relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual property protection, fully undertaking intellectual property protection work. The Company adheres to the principle of paying taxes according to the law, and conscientiously fulfils its tax obligation in compliance with the relevant tax policies and regulations of the country or region where the business is located, as well as the Company's management systems and operating specifications. With a strong focus on accurate and timely tax payments, we maintain authentic and complete tax-related data and records to meet regulatory requirements and disclose tax information in accordance with applicable regulations. In 2022, the Company further strengthened tax management. In addition to closely monitoring the issuance of new tax policies by the Chinese government, the Company increased its investment in education and training initiatives focused on tax policies. By promoting the integration of industry, finance, and tax, the Company was able to optimise tax-related business processes, and enhance the policy understanding and application abilities of its tax management personnel, providing a solid foundation for the high-quality development of the Company. In 2022, the Company also organised its subsidiaries to conduct tax self-inspections and promoted compliance awareness. The Company achieved solid results in compliance control at sources and during relevant processes, as well as result monitoring. In addition, the Company established and improved the long-term mechanism from the aspects of improving management systems, standardising internal processes, optimising the information system, and promoting the normalisation, institutionalisation, and precision of tax risk prevention and control, effectively enhancing the Company's abilities to prevent and control tax risks. Petition and Whistle-Blowing Mechanism The Company has set up unimpeded petition and whistle-blowing channels, including mail, phone, email and face-to- face reports. The handling personnel shall put forward suggestions for handling the problems reflected in the complaint materials, and submit them level by level to relevant responsible person of the supervisory authorities for approval before handling. The Complaint Management Department regularly makes statistics and comprehensive analysis of the handled data. Protection of the whistle- blower The Company fully complies with applicable national laws and regulations on whistle-blower protection, regards the protection of whistle-blowers' privacy as a significant responsibility, enhances the internal confidentiality mechanism and formulates the Company's approaches to accusations. The Company allows anonymous reporting and stipulates that the whistle-blower's handwriting, network IP address, and other information shall not be investigated without authorisation. If the whistle-blower is suspected of making false accusation, framing, or other violations of discipline and laws, the investigation of his identity should follow the approval process. The Company's Comprehensive Risk Management Measures clearly defines risk management duties, fundamental procedures, information system construction, risk management culture, assessment and supervision across all departments. Subsidiaries of the Company have also formulated and improved their risk management systems, to make institutional settings more scientific, management functions more effective, rights and responsibilities more coordinated, and ensure that there are rules and laws to follow for risk prevention and control. The Company carries out comprehensive identification of primary and significant risks and critical points of annual risk management every year and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. In 2022, the Company conducted multi-dimensional major risk identification and assessment focusing on the prevention and resolution of major risks and the recommendations of the annual risk assessment list proposed by internal and external consulting agencies. Each department has formulated relevant countermeasures to effectively deal with risks according to the risk indicators. In addition, the Company insists on carrying out risk management training, and fully integrates risk internal control into various business training, to comprehensively improve the risk management skills of employees. In 2022, 1, 150 employees participated in risk management training. Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to managing the risks that arise during the Company's development process. To this end, the Company continues to improve the comprehensive risk management system, optimises the risk identification and response mechanism, organises comprehensive risk assessment, conducts targeted management on annual primary and significant risks, and prepares comprehensive risk management reports. The Committee evaluates the Company's annual comprehensive risk management report and conducts timely hearings on significant internal control and risk problems. The Company has developed its relevant departments to manage risks linked to environmental protection, addressing climate change, production safety, finance, legal affairs, anti-corruption, and overseas security. Each department collects risk information through multiple channels, conducts research and judgment, and then takes effective measures to actively deal with risks. We organised 2, 576 employees from the headquarters and subsidiaries to carry out risk assessment from the two dimensions of risk occurrence possibility and impact level. We entrusted the internal and external consulting agencies to identify, study and analyse the main risks faced by the Company in 2023, and compiled a risk assessment report. We organised the preparation of medium and long-term plans for basic research, to further strengthen the top- level design and system layout of strategic basic research. Initiatives such as the Programme for Supporting Young Doctors encourage Stimulating Innovation Vitality Internal Control ManagementThe Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and optimising the Company's internal control system and ensuring its effective implementation. The Audit Committee of the Board is tasked with supervising and evaluating the Company's internal control. Core Technologies Breakthrough The Company maintained its focus on core technologies and achieved significant advancements in various fields of technology research and development in 2022. The subsidiaries are required to follow the framework requirements of the headquarters and develop detailed rules for the implementation of internal control based on their actual situation. The Internal Control Handbook for the Headquarters covers the general principles, company-level system, business- level system, authoritative guidelines, inspection, evaluation and assessment methods, etc. Among them, the company-level system includes four parts internal environment, risk assessment, information and communication, and internal supervision. The business-level system covers 24 categories such as capital activities, procurement, and production. The Company's internal control system is supported by three lines of defence, including daily supervision by business departments, special supervision by internal control departments, and comprehensive supervision by audit, patrol inspection, and discipline inspection and supervision departments, achieving full coverage of annual self-assessment of all subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has integrated the daily work of internal control, the inspection and evaluation of internal control, and the implementation of rectification into the annual performance appraisal system of management at all levels, assessed and provided cash incentives for the performance of annual internal control. In 2022, KPMG, an external auditor, conducted internal control audits of 43 subsidiaries of the Company, covering monetary capital management, asset management, project management, contract management, information system and other businesses. This includes a continuous effort to improve the efficiency of scientific and technological innovation to support and lead high-quality development. Technological InnovationIn May 2022, China's first 100 thousand tonnes year bio-jet fuel production unit was successfully put into large-scale trial production and won the first global RSB sustainable bio-jet fuel certificate in Asia. In December, the first commercial cargo flight in China using sustainable jet fuel completed its first international flight, marking Biomass Energy the shift from large-scale production towards large-scale application of China's bio-jet fuel by independent research and development. Compared with those of traditional petroleum-based jet fuel, the carbon emissions of bio-jet fuel in the whole life cycle can be reduced by more than 50. It has comprehensively promoted the construction of the entire hydrogen energy industrial chain, achieving breakthroughs in fields such as hydrogen refuelling stations, hydrogen production technology, hydrogen fuel cells, and hydrogen storage materials. The self-developed megawatt Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolytic water hydrogen production device was successfully launched in Yanshan Petrochemical Company, producing qualified high-purity hydrogen. We developed a complete set of hydrogen purification technologies for fuel cell vehicles, and built a 3000 Nm3 h purification unit and a 1000-tonne primary hydrogen supply station. In response to the fast-growing hydrogen energy industry and the rising need for large-scale hydrogen storage, Sinopec Corp. has undertaken engineering and technical research on ultra-high-strength high-pressure hydrogen storage materials and equipment, as well as a large double-shell vacuum insulated liquid hydrogen spherical tank. This effort lays the groundwork for storage tank expansion tests and relevant industrial applications, and provides robust technological support for Sinopec's development of green hydrogen energy. exploration of basic and disruptive technology fields, while the Seed Programme focuses on emerging fields like new refining and chemical processes, and new chemical materials. A total of eight research institutions directly under the Company have made substantial progress in optimising the innovation system, clarifying the main research directions, exploring innovative management modes and continuously increasing the vitality of innovation power. The new model of data platform application has proven to be highly efficient in supporting the Company's management innovation, business innovation and commercial model innovation. For example, our practice of business- driven digital transformation won the first prize in the National Enterprise Management Modernisation Innovation Achievement Award, the integrated investment optimisation and management platform won the Excellent Award of the 2022 IDC China Future Enterprise Award, the intelligent contract service won the title of 2022 Pioneer of Industrial Intelligence, and the data service platform won the DAMA China Award for Best Product in Data Management. The in-depth application of financial digital and intelligent analysis, optimised management and control of investment integration, integrated big data of industrial auditing, and intelligent operation centre has effectively improved the Company's fine management level and risk prevention ability. The accident rate of hazardous chemical transportation has decreased significantly. subsidiaries have launched the carbon asset system, with the carbon mapping granularity refined to the device-level, reducing the carbon mapping period by half. The Digital Twin of Intelligent Ethylene Plant programme has been selected as one of the top ten AI application scenarios by the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China. In addition, the application of 5G AI and other new technologies has effectively improved the level of safety, environmental protection, and production and operation. Industrial digital upgrading The Hohhot data centre was completed and put into operation. Our backbone network was upgraded to enhance the capability of mutual backup of applications, cloud resources, and video conference support. Information infrastructure capacity enhancementEnhancing External CooperationSinopec Corp. took proactive steps to integrate into the global innovation network, actively implement the going global strategy and enhance its innovation capabilities in the open and cooperative innovation ecosystem. The Company enhances the cooperation with internationally renowned research institutions, and, by the end of 2021, has successively joined the International Institute of Synthetic Rubber Producers (IISRP), International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry - Committee on Chemistry and Industry (IUPAC-COCI), Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG), American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and actively participated in a variety of related activities to provide support for the construction of technology-leading company. Number of patent applications filed in the year Number of patent applications granted in the year Cumulative number of patents granted globally R&D investment (RMB 100 million)Indicators 6, 808 4, 254 38, 695 1522020 8, 045 4, 853 43, 563 2112021 8, 687 6, 289 49, 852 2252022The Company has developed a new process of homogeneous bulk olefin polymerisation, built a 1000-tonne high-specification polybutene-1 industrial demonstration unit, and achieved stable operation at full load. Many brands of products have reached the level of similar international products. We conquered the industrial technology of 48K large tow carbon fibre and realised the localisation We formulated the processing technology and product formula of bio- degradable materials with independent intellectual property rights. Bio-degradable materials such as PBST, PBAT and PBSA have been introduced to the market. Ecorigin, a bio-degradable material brand featuring technical innovation with industrial influence has been established. In August 2022, the bio-degradable material PBAT passed The Company continued to increase investment in CCUS technology research and development, accelerated the development of high- efficiency carbon capture solvent, and completed the pilot experiment of new high-efficiency ionic liquid capture solvent, reducing the average energy consumption by 40, and reducing cost by about 20. The 10000-tonne industrial plant (Phase 1) has been completed and put into operation. The product performance has reached the international advanced level, and the composite materials have been used for demonstration application. The construction of the PBT bio-degradable material flexible transformation project, with a capacity of 120, 000 tonnes of PBT and 60, 000 tonnes of bio-degradable material, began in October 2022. device of 50, 000 Nm3 d Membrane gas separation processes for CO 2 capture with independent intellectual property rights, reaching an internationally advanced level of CO 2 capture with a product gas CO 2 concentration of over 96 after evaluation by third-party testing institutions and industrial experts. The Company also discloses its climate change management strategies and progress in line with the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Climate GovernanceThe Company is committed to fully integrating climate change into its strategic planning, corporate governance system, comprehensive risk management system as well as daily operation and management. This structure lays a solid foundation for improving climate governance and coping capacities. Extreme weather events may cause secondary disasters and production accidents, posing threats to both personal safety and ecological environment and causing economic losses. Monitor extreme weather effectively and implement early warning systems, formulate disaster emergency plans according to local conditions, carry out disaster preparedness and emergency drills regularly, and set up materials reserve for disaster prevention and mitigation. Physical Risks- Chronic Risks Changes in rainfall, extreme fluctuations in climate patterns and long-term average temperature rise may increase construction costs (such as due to extended construction period, early damage of equipment, etc.), and insurance costs for equipment and personnel. An increase or decrease in the average temperature may increase operating costs, such as increased demand for equipment cooling water, and increased demand for cooling and heating of production and office premises. Transition Risks- Policy and Legal Risks Under the background of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, the government is shifting the focus of the dual control mechanism from energy consumption to the total amount and intensity of carbon emissions. More stringent laws and regulations will be imposed to limit or reduce carbon emissions, and promote the green and low-carbon transformation of enterprises. The national carbon emission trading market has established and implemented a carbon quota system. In the future, key emission industries such as the petrochemical industry may be included in the system, which could potentially increase the Company's carbon emission costs for compliance. The government is implementing stricter regulations to reduce methane emissions and venting and leaks. As a result, the Company may need to invest in improving its methane emission monitoring, reporting and verification (MRV) technical system, increase additional facilities and technical investment, and take more effective measures to minimise methane leakage. Type of RisksRisk Descriptions Transition Risks- Market Risks Social concern about climate change and sustainable development has been increasing. Consumers are increasingly choosing green and low-carbon products and services, thereby reducing the demand for traditional high-carbon emission energy products. Transition Risks- Reputation Risks Stakeholders are showing increased concern for the petrochemical industry's approach to climate change. Lack of significant action could lead to criticism from investors and other parties, potentially damaging the Company's reputation. The focus is on ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, and promotes the clean utilisation of fossil energy, scaling-up of clean energy, and low-carbon production Accelerate the development of new energy business with hydrogen energy as the core, take the development from hydrocarbon to hydrogen as the highest priority, and accelerate the development of China's leading hydrogen energy company with a hydrogen energy industrial chain. By 2025, the supply capacity of new energy will strive to reach the equivalent of 10 million tonnes of standard coal. The goal is to lower energy consumption and emission intensity, firmly moving towards the targets of net zero emissions, and making the Company a benchmark for green, clean, and low-carbon development. Carbon dioxide capture (thousand tonnes) Methane recovery (million cubic metres)In the Green Enterprise Action Plan, Sinopec Corp. has set greenhouse gas emission reduction targets for the period of 2018 to 2023, and was well on track to meet the greenhouse gas emission reduction targets in 2022. Sinopec's Energy Conservation Monitoring Centre conducts internal auditing and verification of relevant data to ensure accuracy. The Company continues to optimise the accounting modules of the carbon asset management information system, streamline data collection processes, and complete the group-wide carbon audit and carbon verification of all devices, laying a solid foundation for formulating emission control measures. Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) and indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) have been included in the scope of the audit process. The carbon emission accounting shall comply with the ISO14064-1 2006 standards, the China Oil and Gas Production Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines, and the China Petrochemical Enterprise Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidelines. Energy ConservationThe Company formulated and issued the 2022 Energy and Environment Responsibility Commitment, implementing the target of strictly controlling the total energy consumption and improving energy efficiency. In 2022, the Company implemented 479 energy efficiency improvement projects, saving 946, 000 tonnes of standard coal. The consumption of comprehensive energy per RMB 10, 000 of production value of the Company has reached 1. 010 tonnes of standard coal, a year-on-year decrease of 0. 5. The Company further strengthened energy measurement and statistics management, and the energy efficiency improvement and supervision over electromechanical equipment. In addition, the Company organised subsidiaries to actively participate in the selection of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises organised by national and industrial associations. In 2022, several subsidiaries won the title of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry. Energy Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production Enterprises Energy Efficiency Front-runner Refining Enterprises Energy Efficiency Front-runner Xylene Production EnterprisesZhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises of key energy-using industries in 2022 Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., ZTHC Energy, Zhong'an Lianhe Coal Chemical Co., Ltd. Key Energy Consuming Products Energy Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022 In 2022, the Company revised the Green Enterprise Construction and Re-Check Index (2022 version), conducted quantitative evaluation and improvement on the procurement of motor transformers, the utilisation of green packaging, the optimisation of material logistics, and the disposal of waste and used materials, and promoted the implementation of green enterprise action plans with high quality. By optimising the design of the motor structure and adjusting the selection principles of raw materials, the weight of a single shell of more than 500 motors of common specifications was reduced by 10, the consumption of magnetic materials was reduced by 15, the overall operating noise was reduced by 10 to 15 decibels, and the comprehensive energy efficiency was improved by 2. 3, saving 36. 8 million kWh of electricity and reducing RMB 25 million of electricity bills annually. Case Significant energy-saving benefits brought by material and equipment optimisation Guangzhou Petrochemical Company continued to promote the implementation of the Measures for Building a World-Class Green Energy and Chemical Enterprise (Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction), formulated supporting plans and organised project implementation for water, electricity, steam, wind and other public engineering systems as well as waste heat and new energy utilisation, and sorted out and formulated 61 measures for First Class Achievements, with a total of 42 completed. Meanwhile, the company actively optimised the utilisation of resources, and accumulatively recycled 16, 850 tonnes of standard oil in 2022, which is equivalent to reducing the comprehensive energy consumption of oil refining by 1. 70 kg standard oil tonne. Through the whole process of raw material supply - film production - film paving - residual film recovery - recycling of recycled materials, the Company has formed a set of economic and propagable demonstration schemes for residual film pollution control, realised the cycle of plastics - applications - raw materials - plastics, and significantly reduced the carbon footprint of the products. The project not only helped the local to achieve green and low-carbon development, but also effectively promoted the increase of production and income for farmers. Since the establishment of a thousand-mu demonstration cotton field with high-strength weather- resistant film in Shaya County, Aksu City in April 2022, the Company has been tracking the operation of the cotton field together with local agricultural experts. During this period, the emerald cotton seedlings emerged neatly and kept growing well. The high-strength weather-resistant film paved was also in excellent condition, with almost no cracks. After cotton-picking, the head of the local cooperative said that the yield of the demonstration field was significantly better than that of the nearby fields, and the cotton blossomed earlier and whiter in colour with excellent quality. The yield per mu of the demonstration field has reached about 480 kg, a new high in recent years. The Company prioritises the research and analysis of the carbon footprint of its petrochemical products. Utilising its internal resources and expertise, it has established carbon footprint accounting and evaluation methods and accounting models for products such as jet fuel, lubricant base oil, polypropylene, and xylene, as well as conducting a full-scale assessment of GHG emissions over the products' complete life cycle. In 2022, the Company completed the research on the carbon footprint of 16 products from 39 subsidiaries, and actively participated in the formulation of industrial standards, contributing to the transformation of corporate practice into feasible standards. The plan focuses on replacing high-carbon fuels, enhancing operational efficiency, upgrading equipment, and optimising processes to ensure that the energy efficiency of coal-fired units is improved. The Company replaces high-carbon fuels such as coal and coke with low-carbon options such as natural gas and fuel gas, and promotes the cogeneration of heat and power and simultaneous cooling, heating, and power generation of natural gas. The Company has strengthened cooperation with neighboring enterprises to enhance heat and power utilisation, opting for more efficient outsourcing solutions instead of relying on self-generated heat and power. Application of Energy- Saving and Low-Carbon TechnologiesThe Company continues to strengthen R&D and promotion of energy-saving and low- carbon technologies. Through research and innovation, the Company upgrades its energy- saving methods, technologies, and equipment, and actively participates in the creation of pilot and demonstration projects to showcase the effectiveness and potential of these technologies. Through comprehensive analysis and diagnosis of the energy consumption of the whole process or whole factories, the refining and chemical subsidiaries implemented a series of improvement and innovation measures for the comprehensive utilisation of waste heat, and thereby enhanced their energy utilisation efficiency significantly. Maoming Petrochemical Company Conducted energy-saving transformation of diesel hydrotreating process, and recycled the waste heat discharged from the original cooling process in the unit directly, achieving energy-saving of 40. Yanshan Petrochemical Company Using the high-temperature waste heat at about 100 of catalytic, jet fuel hydrogenation and S-Zorb (catalysing gasoline adsorption and desulphurisation) units to drive the Type I absorption heat pump units, increase the low-temperature waste heat of 30-50, and thereby generate the medium- temperature waste heat of 60-70 as the source of heating to replace the original coal-fired boiler for heating. After the project is put into operation, the annual power saving will reach 4 million kWh, and the annual steam saving of the refinery area will reach 21, 400 tonnes. CaseComprehensive utilisation of waste heat in refining and chemical subsidiaries Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS)The Company continues to conduct key CCUS technologies and industrialisation application, and has intensified R&D investment and implemented key projects, actively promoting to build a demonstration project of the whole CCUS industrial chain. In 2022, refining and chemical subsidiaries continued to implement the recovery and utilisation of high concentration carbon dioxide generated during hydrogen production and synthetic ammonia production processes, resulting in the capture of 1. 534 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Oilfield subsidiaries used 657, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide for oil displacement and achieved remarkable results in reducing carbon and increasing oil extraction. Carbon dioxide capture (10, 000 tonnes)Indicator 129. 02020 152. 02021 153. 42022The Qilu Petrochemical-Shengli Oilfield million-tonne CCUS project The Qilu Petrochemical-Shengli Oilfield CCUS Demonstration Project launched by the Company in July 2021 was completed and put into operation in August 2022. This project is the first million-tonne CCUS project in China, which serves as a model for the integration of the whole Technical features of million-tonne CCUS project Innovatively put forward the CO 2 high-pressure miscible oil displacement technology, and establish the injection mode of pressure displacement alternative displacement of water and gas, which can effectively solve the problem of no injection, no production, low recovery speed and low oil recovery in low-permeability reservoirs, and improve oil recovery and CO 2 storage. Strengthen equipment R&D to ensure the smooth operation of CO 2 pipeline transmission and injection Develop intelligent control module of the gas injection station based on the oil and gas production command system to realise the production and operation mode of unmanned, mobile patrol and centralised control in the whole production region. The project has established a series of technologies for the entire CCUS industrial chain that can be industrialised and scaled up, driving significant advancement in the industry. At the same time, as a member of the China Oil and Gas Methane Alliance, the Company actively undertakes the tasks of the methane detection working group of the alliance. In 2022, our oilfield subsidiaries recovered approximately 834 million cubic metres of methane, which was the equivalent to a greenhouse gas emissions reduction of approximately 12. 5 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Refining and chemical subsidiariesRefining and chemical subsidiaries continued to carry out flare elimination, promoting process management stability and efficiency and reducing flare discharge caused by production fluctuations and unexpected shutdown, and made full use of information technology to strengthen the balance management of high and low pressure gas and hydrogen, reducing the flare discharge caused by excess gas or hydrogen. In addition, refining and chemical subsidiaries optimised startup and shutdown operations, implemented closed purging measures, reducing or even eliminating the discharge of flare, strengthened bench-marking management, and established flare venting time and venting loss indicators in the refining production technology management system, urging subsidiaries to strengthen relevant management. Forest Carbon SinkSinopec Corp. actively practises the concept of green development, vigorously promotes corporate greening management, and enhances the greening of its facility. The Company guides and encourages its employees to participate in tree-planting activities to increase forest reserves and maximise the positive effects of forests on carbon storage and ecological improvement. In March 2022, before Tree Planting Day, Sinopec Corp. and the China Greening Foundation launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project on the platform of the National Voluntary Tree Planting official website. The project received warm responses from the Company's employees and the public. More than 154, 000 people participated in the donation and raised a total of RMB 6. 75 million. The Company adjusted the implementation plan according to the scale of funds, and planned to implement the afforestation area of 1, 600 mu, plant 263, 600 trees, build 17. 3 kilometres of forest roads and erect 20. 1 kilometres of fences within 2 years. In May 2022, the construction of the ecological demonstration forest project was officially implemented. By the end of 2022, the Company has completed 1, 000 mu of land preparation and afforestation and 13. 1 kilometres of management and protection fence, and planted 162, 500 trees. CaseSinopec Corp. launched the Internet Voluntary Tree Planting project of Saihanba Ecological Demonstration ForestIn 2022 The greening rate of the industrial area of the Company wasThe green coverage rate was 28. 5 32. 3 Employee volunteers planted 1. 939million trees The total amount of green space was The area of newly built or restored green space was 118. 05million square metres 1. 869million square metres Methane recovery Methane emissions Oil & gas exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing segmentIndicators (million cubic metres) Year-on-year 834 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 412022 717 299. 90 269. 88 10. 01 20. 012021 16. 3 -15. 4 -17. 6 10. 5 2. 0 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 43 44 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Promoting Energy TransitionGreen and Clean Energy Strategy Natural GasSinopec Corp. takes green and clean as one of its development strategies, adheres to ecological priority, green transition, and clean development, actively promotes energy transformation and development, and commits to constructing a clean and low-carbon modern energy supply system and a safe and efficient production, supply, storage, and marketing system, to achieve clean, diverse, and safe energy supply. As a fossil energy with low carbon emission intensity, natural gas plays a key role in the process of energy transition towards green and low-carbon development. The Company accelerates the construction of natural gas production, supply, storage and marketing, and continues to enhance the natural gas supply capacity. In the future, the Company will continue to expand the scale of natural gas business, and improve the supply capacity of natural gas and its proportion in oil and gas production. Oilfield subsidiariesRefining and chemical subsidiariesMarketing subsidiaries 2018 201827639 2019 201929641 2020 202030342 2021 202133944 2022 2022353 45Domestic natural gas production (100 million cubic metres)Proportion of natural gas in domestic oil and gas equivalent Tianjin LNG TerminalsHydrogen Energy The development of hydrogen energy is one of the essential paths to achieve the transformation of global energy structure to cleaner and low-carbon models. With its extensive industry experience and competitive advantages in the hydrogen energy sector, Sinopec Corp. is strategically positioned to capitalise on the major opportunities for the development of hydrogen energy. The Company is accelerating the development of hydrogen energy as a core business of its new energy portfolio, with a particular focus on the utilisation of clean transportation energy and green refining hydrogen energy, and strives to build China's largest and leading hydrogen energy company with leading technologies and first-class management. The Company leverages its industry, technology, and network resources to establish a comprehensive industrial chain of hydrogen energy production, purification, transportation, and sales. Its oilfield subsidiaries are actively developing green electricity for hydrogen production, while its refining and chemical subsidiaries are focused on building national fuel-cell electric vehicle demonstration city clusters, and promote the construction of fuel cell hydrogen supply centres by utilising by-product hydrogen resources. Meanwhile, its marketing subsidiaries are actively and steadily promoting the hydrogenation business, and collaborating with research institutions and relevant enterprises to jointly promote the construction of China's modern hydrogen energy industrial chain. Hydrogen energy mobility 100 of the hydrogen used by refineries is blue hydrogen or produced with non-fossil energy, and help Sinopec Corp. achieve its carbon neutrality target with high quality through green hydrogen refining. Green hydrogen refiningSinopec's 2050 Hydrogen Energy Vision To ensure the supply of oil, gas and hydrogen for the Beijing 2022 Olympics and Paralympic Winter Games, the Company has built three new hydrogen refuelling stations and one oil and hydrogen mixing station, and rebuilt 49 oil stations of Beijing Oil Products and Hebei Oil Products for the Winter Olympics. Four hydrogen refuelling stations, three CNG stations, two LNG stations and 15 gas stations have been set as the supply guarantee stations. The Company served 5, 000 Winter Olympic vehicles in total for more than 30, 800 times of refuelling services and provided 1, 100 tonnes of diesel, hydrogen and natural gas. In September 2022, Sinopec's first short-pipeline hydrogen transmission station, the Pinghu Binhai Comprehensive Energy Station in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province, was put into operation. Relying on the advantages of integration, the station actively constructs the application scenario of hydrogen energy transportation, realising the pipeline hydrogen transmission within the station. The station can also serve as a hydrogen parent fueling station, and provide filling services for 5-6 tube trailers every day, realising the wholesale function of hydrogen filling, and improving energy efficiency and economic benefits of the hydrogen refuelling station. Case Case Clean energy boosting green Winter OlympicsSinopec's first short-pipeline hydrogen transmission station was put into operationProgress and Achievements of Hydrogen Energy Business in 2022 The first proton exchange membrane (PEM) hydrogen production demonstration unit with a capacity 30 normal cubic metres hour and the first megawatt level (200 Nm3 h) PEM hydrogen production unit have been put into use in Yanshan Petrochemical Company. Hydrogen Production As of the end of 2022, the Company has built and operated 98 hydrogen refuelling stations, with a total hydrogen refuelling capacity of about 45 tonnes day, making the Company with the most hydrogen refuelling stations in the world. Hydrogen Refuelling Station As of the end of 2022, nine hydrogen supply centres had been built to provide high-purity hydrogen for fuel cells, with a capacity of 19, 000 normal cubic metres hour (about 16, 500 tonnes per year). During the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games, Yanshan Petrochemical Company and Tianjin Petrochemical Company ensured the hydrogen demand for the event. The four hydrogen refuelling stations added 87 tonnes of hydrogen to the vehicles for the Olympic Games, serving 8, 689 vehicles, effectively guaranteeing the hydrogen energy supply for the Beijing Olympic Winter Games. Sinopec's oilfield subsidiaries continue to promote the large-scale photovoltaic power generation, and have developed a regional energy management mode of waste heat photovoltaic oil production and other multi-energy complementation and the load and storage between source and network integration for oil and gas fields. Sinopec's refining and chemical subsidiaries have been actively developing centralised photovoltaic resources in the surrounding areas. As of the end of 2022, the Company has 30 photovoltaic projects under construction and in planning, with a total capacity of 246 MW. In 2022, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. vigorously promoted new energy utilisation projects by leveraging the natural conditions of Qingdao, a region rich in solar energy resources and suitable for the construction of photovoltaic power stations. The first project is the rooftop photovoltaic power generation project, which installed photovoltaic modules on the roof of office buildings and other buildings by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 0. 773 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 800, 000 kWh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 465 tonnes. The second project is the regional photovoltaic power generation project, which took the area of open space such as parking lot to install the photovoltaic car shed by adopting the technical scheme of zonal power generation and nearby grid connection. The installed capacity was about 1. 32 MW. It is estimated that the annual power generation will reach 1. 55 million kWh, and the annual carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by about 901 tonnes. The total installed capacity of the above two photovoltaic power generation projects was about 2. 1 MW, achieving 934, 100 kWh of cumulative power generation and reducing 543 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions by the end of October. The company became one of the first enterprises in Shandong Province to participate in the green electricity transaction and obtain a green electricity consumption certificate, and was one of the first units to have the qualifications for the green electricity pilot transaction in Shandong Province in 2022. In March 2022, the company completed green electricity transaction of 5 million kWh and obtained the green electricity consumption certificate issued by the Beijing Power Exchange Centre, opening a new chapter for the company's energy conservation and carbon reduction efforts. Case CaseQingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. made use of its geographical advantages to vigorously promote photovoltaic power generation projects Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd. actively participated in green electricity pilot transaction 88MWInstalled capacity 2, 452Number of distributed photovoltaic power generation projects accumulatively built 23Number of carbon-neutral energy stations built 3Number of carbon- neutral oil depots built Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 47 48 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Facility Material Type City, State ProvinceFirst Collector Annex to the certificate SCS-RSB PC-0048 The following facilities are included in the certificate scope No. 1402, 14th Floor, Innovation Building, Southwest Jiaotong University, No. 111, North 1st Section of 2nd Ring Road, Intelligent City, Jinniu District, Chengdu city, ChinaSichuan Lansu Environmental Protection Technology Co., LTDUsed Cooking Oil Facility Material Type City, State ProvinceIndustrial Operator Jiaochuan Street, Zhenhai district, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, P. R. ChinaSINOPEC Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Sustainable Aviation Fuel Facility Material Type City, State ProvincePoint of Origin Confidential Confidential Used Cooking Oil SCS Global ServicesStanley Mathuram, PE, Executive Vice President 2000 Powell Street, Ste. Certificate Code SCS-RSB PC-0048 RSB Participant Code 2217 Valid from 6 April 2022 to 5 April 2027 This RSB certificate is only valid if duly registered in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates and that the validity of this RSB certificate shall be verified in the RSB database(s) of registered RSB certificates. This certificate itself does not constitute evidence that a particular product supplied by the certificate holder is certified to RSB standards. This certificate shall remain the property of SCS, and all copies and reproductions shall be returned to SCS immediately upon request. Products offered, shipped or sold by the certificate holder can only be considered covered by the scope of this certificate when the required RSB claim is clearly stated on product delivery note. Emeryville, CA 94608 USA CB Registration No. 592Biomass Energy Layout of New Energy Vehicle-Related BusinessesSinopec Corp. actively explores the research and application of bio-jet fuels and increases the production, promotion and supply of biomass energy. Sinopec Corp. actively embraces the electric, intelligent and networking development trend of new energy vehicles, and continues to promote the construction of charging and replacement stations based on the location advantage of its gas stations. It cooperates with relevant enterprises to build replacement refuelling stations and actively promote the power bank service. Therefore, the adoption of more environmentally friendly and sustainable jet fuel has become crucial to reducing carbon emissions in the civil aviation industry. Bio-jet fuel, generated from renewable resources such as vegetable oils, animal fats, and catering waste oil, is a sustainable alternative to traditional petroleum-based jet fuel. Over the course of its life cycle, bio- jet fuel can reduce carbon emissions by more than 50 compared to traditional jet fuel. In August 2020, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company completed the construction of China's first bio-jet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year. In April 2022, the facility was awarded Asia's first global Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB) sustainable bio-jet fuel certificate by SCS, an international certification body. In September of the same year, the facility became the first to receive the domestic bio-jet fuel airworthiness certification, allowing it to be put on the market as a sustainable alternative to traditional jet fuel. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company has partnered with many airlines to use the produced sustainable jet fuel in commercial flights at home and abroad. Compared with traditional jet fuel, bio- jet fuel reduce carbon dioxide emissions by up to 85 through the whole life cycle. By the end of 2022, the Company had built 2, 171 charging stations and 128 replacement stations. Sinopec Corp. has deepened the integration of IUR (Industry-University-Research), to drive technological innovation in lightweight materials for automobiles. This collaborative effort has led to the establishment of a joint centre for automobile lightweight non- metallic materials, with research conducted on the lightweight processing technology of synthetic resin, synthetic rubber, synthetic fibre, and other composite materials and products. Additionally, Sinopec Corp. has developed a high-value recycling technology for waste plastics, successfully recycling and utilising automobile lightweight materials, and effectively reducing the carbon footprint. The Company has successfully developed functionalised solution-polymerised styrene-butadiene rubber for green tires, hydrogenated styrene butadiene thermoplastic elastomer for automotive skin, high thermal conductivity rubber for non-pneumatic tires, and ultra-low-pressure ethylene-propylene rubber polypropylene dynamic vulcanised rubber materials, further enriching the types of Sinopec's lightweight rubber products. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. constructed its first heavy truck replacement station at the Baijiawang Comprehensive Energy Station in Yibin, Sichuan. The station provides battery replacement services for trucks transporting ore, commercial concrete, and waste in the surrounding areas. The replacement station uses a top-mounted battery replacement mode and carries seven 282 kWh power batteries, each capable of supporting vehicle operations for approximately 150 kilometres. Since every single battery replacement needs to take about 3 minutes, the station is able to meet the battery replacement demands of 168 electric heavy trucks per day. The completion and operation of the heavy truck replacement station mark Sinopec's entry into the field of heavy truck battery replacement. This move follows the Company's successful development of businesses in hydrogen energy, photovoltaics, and automobile charging and replacement, and is another substantive step in its transformation into an integrated energy service provider for oil, gas, hydrogen, electricity, and non-fuel businesses. The station features a photovoltaic canopy that integrates light and charge technology, generating up to 370 kWh of power daily. With 24 parking spaces and charging infrastructure, the station's group charging and control technology equipment delivers a maximum output of 180 kW per pile, enabling the complete charging of a family car within just 25 minutes. Case CaseSinopec Corp. built the first heavy truck replacement station Comprehensive services for customers at the Lianhua Charging Station in Fujian Province Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 49 50 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Protecting the Environment03 Environmental Protection Management and Targets Water Resources Management Land Resource Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leakage Biodiversity Conservation51 54 57 57 59 61 62 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 51 52 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Environmental Protection Management and TargetsIn line with its commitment to sustainable development concept, Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection. Through its Green Enterprise Campaign, the Company has implemented a series of measures aimed at actively encouraging all subsidiaries to strengthen their environmental impact and risk management efforts, with the ultimate goal of minimising their operational environmental footprint. Environmental Management System and TargetsThe Board of Directors and its Sustainability Committee are responsible for reviewing the Company's major environment-related decisions. The HSE Management Committee which is part of the management body, is responsible for reviewing the Company's environmental protection plans, relevant regulations and rules, and supervising the implementation of environmental protection initiatives. By the end of 2022, a total of 28 subsidiaries of the Company had obtained the certification of the ISO14000 environmental management system. In 2022, the Environmental Protection Sub-Committee of the HSE Management Committee implemented a series of measures aimed at optimising the monitoring indicators of environmental protection. These measures included monthly tracking and analysis of indicators, with improvements and rectifications made as necessary, promoting the completion of 17 research topics and key tasks, completing the professional review of 7 first-level environmental protection enterprise standards, and gradually improving the Company's environmental protection standard system. In addition, the Company formulated a special supervision mechanism for ecological and environmental protection, and appointed environmental protection supervisors to carry out special supervision on 30 subsidiaries including oil and gas field subsidiaries, refining and chemical subsidiaries and marketing subsidiaries, to identify the shortcomings of environmental protection management, put forward systematic solutions, raise the awareness and ability of all employees in ecological and environmental protection, and demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its ecological and environmental protection responsibilities. Sinopec Corp. launched the Green Enterprise Campaign in 2018 as an essential step in implementing its green and clean development strategy. All subsidiaries were directed to establish green grassroots units, resulting in comprehensive consolidation of the foundation for green development. Indicators such as clean energy, green products, resource and energy utilisation, pollutant emissions, GHG emissions, and facility greening were completed as planned. subsidiaries were awarded the title of Sinopec's Green Enterprise in 2022. By the end of 2022, the Company had established 114 green enterprises, and 19, 900 green grassroots units, meeting the annual goals and requirements. Each subsidiary has issued its specific version of the manual according to its own production and operation characteristics. These manuals form the foundation of the environmental protection system, consisting of 16 core policies as the main body, including the Measures for the Environmental Information Management, the Measures for Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Accountability of Ecological Environment Events Management, the Measures for Response to Environmental Emergency Risk and Management, the Measures for Radioactive Accident Management, etc. Targets for 2023 Water resources management targets Effluents and emissions management targets 12 12 18 18 Ammonia-nitrogen reductionCOD reductionSO 2 reductionNO X reductionStriving to reduce the amount of fresh water withdrawal for industrial use by no less than 1 per year Note Taking the 2017 data as baseline data. Management of Environmental ImpactThe Company continues to strengthen the management of environmental impact. To this end, it has formulated regulations such as the Measures for Environmental Management, the Measures for Ecological Management, the Measures for Environmental Management of Construction Projects, and the Management Regulations for Environmental Protection Inspection after Completion of Construction Projects to strengthen the environmental protection management throughout the construction projects and minimise any negative impact on the surrounding ecological environment and communities. Construction All production facilities belonging to the upstream, midstream and downstream subsidiaries of the Company, including their subordinate units, have obtained the pollutant discharge permits or have completed the registration of the pollutant discharge permit information. Key pollutant discharge units have cooperated fully with regulatory authorities to conduct monitoring activities. The units have installed online monitoring facilities that transmit real- time data to national and local regulatory platforms. Environmental Monitoring Actively implemented the national Notice on the In-Depth Implementation of the Clean Production Audit Work in Key Industries, continued to optimise clean production related systems and processes, and supervised and guided subsidiaries to continuously reduce the total amount of pollutant emissions. Cleaned the waste materials and garbage on the construction sites after completing the project according to the principle of work completed, material collected, site cleaned, and recycled the waste as much as possible. Clean Production Formulated the Guidelines for the Preparation of Emergency Plans for Emergent Environmental Incidents and the Guiding Opinions on the Provision of Emergency Supplies for Emergent Environmental Incidents to ensure timely and proper treatment of environmental incidents to reduce pollution loss and mitigate the ecological damage. Emergency Response Standardised the conduction of environmental protection inspection after completion, and controlled the audit and verification pass before the project is officially put into production. Conducted post-environmental impact assessments as required, carried out ecological rectification and restoration according to the assessment results, and continuously improved the environmental protection management level of the whole life cycle of construction projects. The Company has optimised the environmental risk identification and assessment methods and processes by assigning risk control capability index, risk index correction coefficient, and environmental risk level distribution. In 2022, the Company identified a total of 41 Tier-1 environmental risks. Through the formulation and implementation of a tiered environmental risk management and control plan, as well as by implementing environmental risk management and control accountabilities and addressing potential environmental risks, the Company successfully degraded 30 of these risks, accelerating the withdrawal of facilities in the ecological protection red-line areas. The Company attaches great importance to communications with stakeholders such as local government and community members, establishes the environment complaint mechanism, discloses environmental information and sets up the 24-hour complaint hotline at key well sites and stations, and takes the initiative to accept social supervision. In the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Regulations, the Company stipulates that With regards to negative environmental information on environmental issues such as being listed on national and local government supervisory agendas, receipt of notices or environmental administrative penalties, excessive amounts beyond standards and violations found in government supervision and monitoring at all levels, being sued for environmental issues or being exposed by the media, etc., the Company shall report the information through the environmental protection information system within three working days. Late reporting or concealment of information shall be severely punished. Through the appointment of external community supervisors and regular and occasional seminars, all subsidiaries have established the mechanism to engage local communities and the public to collect and handle opinions and make feedback. Significant environmental incidents shall be promptly reported to relevant departments at the headquarters to promote its rectification through the joint working mechanism. The employees of Shengli Oilfield Hekou Oil Production Plant conduct intensive inspections on the oil pipelinesWater Resources ManagementAdhering to the water resource management principle of prioritising conservation and balancing the production and supply, Sinopec Corp. formulated and implemented the Measures for Water Resources Conservation and aims to reduce the amount of freshwater for industrial use by 1 annually. Additionally, the Company systematically optimises the water consumption structure, implements the project of replacing clean water with wastewater, and strengthens the reuse of sewage and wastewater. Moreover, the Company attaches great importance to the investigation and monitoring of groundwater to prevent groundwater pollution. Tier-1 risk sources Tier-2 risk sources Tier-3 risk sourcesEnvironmental Risk Management Operating Procedures Report Tier-1 risk sources to the headquarters Report Tier-1 risk sources to the business units for review and conformation Tier-2 and Tier-3 risk sources are managed by Subsidiaries and branches Develop guidelines for environmental risk identification and assessment Supervise and inspect the environmental risks and emergency management of business units and subsidiaries Carry out spot environmental risk inspections Carry out environment risk identification and assessmentHeadquarters Business segment Subsidiaries and branches Frontline enterprises Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 55 56 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Water ConservationSinopec Corp.'s industrial water mainly comes from surface water, groundwater and municipal water supply. The Company has obtained water withdrawal permits for all of these sources. The Company has formulated and implemented the Sinopec Measures for Water Resources Conservation, the Guidelines for Water Conservation in Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan and other documents, formulated water conservation plans according to the principle of one specific plan for one subsidiary, and continued to strengthen water conservation management, adopting more economical and intensive water use modes, comprehensively improving water efficiency and effectiveness, and building water-saving enterprises. In the selection of the 2022 Water Efficiency Front-runner Enterprise in petroleum and chemical industry, 8 subsidiaries of the Company including Jinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining and Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining and Chemical Company, Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company were named as Water Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises. Sewage TreatmentThe Company comprehensively promotes clean production, strengthens the management of water pollution prevention and control facilities, and improves water pollution prevention and control in a way stricter than national and local discharge standards, with a focus on strictly controlling the risk of water pollution. As required by the government, to monitor water pollutant discharge in real-time, the Company has implemented early warning and alarm systems to quickly detect and manage issues, to achieve the standard discharge of water pollutants. In 2022, the annual comprehensive wastewater compliance rate of all subsidiaries of the Company was 100, with the total amount of water pollutant discharge constantly decreasing. Groundwater ManagementIn 2022, the Company completed the review of the corporate standard Technical Specification for Groundwater Investigation and Evaluation of Land for Corporate Use. All subsidiaries continued to conduct self-monitoring of groundwater and strictly implemented the system for investigating potential soil pollution hazards and corporate requirements for self-monitoring. The Company actively organised its subsidiaries to apply for the Major State Projects for Soil Pollution Source Control Projects and the pilot project of controlling while producing. We conducted special supervision and inspection on potential soil hazards and monitored key soil regulatory enterprises in major basins of the Yangtze River and the Yellow River. The marketing subsidiaries actively investigate and prevent groundwater pollution. In 2022, the Company organised subsidiaries along the Yangtze River and Yellow River basins to clean up and dispose of 105, 000 tonnes of solid waste in solid waste landfills. Guangzhou Petrochemical Company Conducted the high - low salinity sulfur- containing sewage source-separated treatment, and controlled the discharge of sulfur-containing sewage, achieving 100 reuse of low salt sulfur-containing sewage, reducing the external discharge of sewage by 30. 3, increasing the amount of recycled sewage by 16. 1 and the sewage reuse rate from 62 to 68, and saving more than RMB 3. 8 million annually. Zhenhai Refining and Chemical Company Controlled the concentration of suspended solids in the desulfurised purified water and increased the reuse amount of the purified water during the water injection process of the hydrogenation unit, which raised from 9. 1m h to 54. 1m h. Increased the reuse amount of the power centre's up-to-standard discharged sewage by optimising pipe network and improving water treatment scheme, with the highest reuse rate of 75. Case Improving water efficiency and building water-saving enterprises Adhered to the principle of determining production volume based on the water use plan, strengthened the constraints on the carrying capacity of water resources and water environment, planned rational development layout and scale, optimised and adjusted the industrial structure. Supervised subsidiaries to establish standing books of water withdrawal points and water withdrawal permits, formulated and tracked the implementation of rectification measures to troubleshoot any problems, ensuring that the water is taken in according to permits. Optimised water consumption structure, used unconventional water resources to replace fresh water, and reduced the consumption of fresh water. Conducted rainwater and sewage diversion upgrade, visualised sewage pipe network upgrade, and sewage plant upgrade, built the information module of sewage and rainwater pipe network, and increased the intensity of sewage reuse. Promoted subsidiaries at all levels to strengthen the utilisation of sewage resources and reduce external drainage through technological innovation, process improvement and other methods. Vigorously conducted water balance test and leakage detection and elimination of water supply pipe networks, upgraded and transformed old pipelines, to reduce water loss due to leakage. Water Withdrawal Control at the Source Water Resources RecyclingWater Consumption Metering ManagementWater Efficiency Front-runner Refining Model EnterprisesJinling Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production Model EnterprisesMaoming Petrochemical Company, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Sino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to- methanol Model EnterprisesSinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to-olefin Model EnterprisesZTHC EnergyWater Efficiency Front-runner Petroleum Refining EnterprisesQingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd., Tianjin Petrochemical Company, Qingdao Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Water Efficiency Front-runner Ethylene Production EnterprisesSino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd., Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company, Yanshan Petrochemical Company, Shanghai SECCO Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Coal-to- methanol EnterprisesSinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Water Efficiency Front-runner Enterprise of national key water-using enterprises in 2022 Water Efficiency Front-runner Model Enterprises of the petroleum and chemical industry in 2022 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Land Resource ManagementThe Company strictly abides by national policies and regulations such as the Land Administration Law of the People's Republic of China and the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and has formulated the Sinopec Land Management Measures, to strengthen the management of land resources and standardise the handling of land use procedures according to the principle of intensive, efficient and green land use. The subsidiaries are required to minimise the use of arable land, timely reclaim idle land, and restore soil after land use in accordance with relevant national regulations to promote sustainable land resource use. Control of Atmospheric PollutantsThe Company strictly implements the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China and other national and local regulations for air pollution prevention and control and has formulated the Sinopec Regulations for Pollution Prevention and Control, to comprehensively improve air pollution prevention and control. The Company has issued the energy and environmental responsibility commitment to all subsidiaries, which outlines emission reduction goals and control tasks and includes them in the annual evaluation process. The Company has adjusted the control scope in a scientific manner and timely initiated emergency plans during severely polluted weather conditions and made timely adjustments to production equipment and environmental protection device to fully meet the requirements of air pollution control, emission reduction targets and air quality assurance requirements during major activities. The Company formulated and implemented the Special Action Plan for Ozone Pollution Prevention and Control and vigorously promoted the implementation of emission reduction projects in a way stricter than national and local standards for emission concentration of NOx and VOCs. In 2022, all subsidiaries of the Company achieved the annual target for comprehensive control of exhaust gas, with a compliance rate of 99. 5. Intensive land use to strengthen land regulation Deploy land use for the next year at the end of each year and adjust the plan appropriately according to the actual situation in the middle of the year. Land located near farmland and eligible for reclamation will be returned to the local government after reclamation. Efficient land use to revitalise land resources Green land use to build an ecological barrierSinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 57 58 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 59 60 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Solid Waste ManagementIn accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes, Sinopec Corp. classified and managed the wastes generated from production and operation, and disposed of all of them in a proper and comprehensive utilisation manner or in a harmless manner. Adhering to the principle of reduction, recycling, harmless disposal of waste, and planned management for solid waste disposal, the Company continuously improved relevant policies and systems in alignment with the solid waste management goals and tasks during the 14th Five-Year Plan period. In 2022, the Company achieved a 100 disposal rate for hazardous waste, fully meeting the target for the year. In 2022, the Company launched the pilot construction of the Waste-Free Group, issued the Waste-Free Group Pilot Construction Work Programme, the Construction Index System for Waste-Free Group, the Evaluation Index for Waste-Free Group Construction, the Implementation Plan for Special Safety Rectification of Hazardous Waste Disposal, and other policies, and conducted solid waste reduction in various forms. In 2022, the Company's hazardous waste production decreased by 5 year on year. In addition, the Company has developed the Reference List for Classification of General Industrial Solid Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises and the Reference List for Classification of Construction Wastes for Inspection, Maintenance, Overhaul and Reconstruction of Refining and Chemical Enterprises to improve source identification and classified storage management of hazardous wastes and other solid wastes. In 2022, the Company intensified its efforts in R&D of eco-friendly packaging and the promotion of high-performance materials and thinning technology for packaging bags. The Company prioritised the enhancement of packaging recycling and conducted beneficial explorations and practices to conserve resources and mitigate plastic pollution. Hazardous waste General industrial solid wasteHandled by entities with proper technologies for comprehensive utilisation or sent to landfills for safe treatment. Construction wasteUtilised in accordance with the disposal plan approved by the local government, or sent to designated landfills. By promoting the use of shared pallets, Sinopec Corp. has realised the delivery of synthetic resin products with pallets and films, which has comprehensively improved the speed and efficiency of logistics operations. If wooden pallets is useless after three cycles, the carbon emissions generated by solid waste incineration each year will be 6, 722 tonnes. If one timber tree can be made into six standardised pallets, the recycling can save 23, 000 trees from being cut down. Nowadays, shared pallets have been promoted and applied widely by manufacturers and logistics carriers. Some of the Company's subsidiaries such as Fujian Refining and Petrochemical Co., Ltd. have started to use 0. 10 mm packaging bags within a small scale. In 2022, 16. 5 million tonnes of resin products were packed with the thinned FFS heavy film packaging bags, reducing the use of 17, 000 tonnes of FFS heavy film and carbon emissions by 85, 000 tonnes per year. Case CaseShared pallet recycling Thinning the FFS heavy film packaging bags Amount of non-hazardous solid waste (thousand tonnes) Amount of hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Compliance rate of solid waste disposal ( ) Percentage of hazardous solid waste disposed properly ( )Indicators 1, 710. 8 731. 1 100 1002020 1, 931. 6 461. 0 100 1002021 2, 036. 9 515. 0 100 1002022 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 61 62 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Prevention of Hydrocarbon LeakageThe Company formulates management regulations such as the Manual for the HSE Management System, the Sinopec Environmental Management and Protection Regulations, and the Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control Management Regulations to guide subsidiaries to carry out hydrocarbon leakage prevention and control. The headquarters of the Company and the management departments of each subsidiary regularly conduct on- site inspections using infrared detectors and other equipment to strengthen leak detection and repair (LDAR) management and control odour in the plant. The marketing subsidiaries have installed oil and gas recovery equipment and facilities in all warehouses and stations, achieving 100 up-to-standard emission of VOCs actively implemented the requirements of the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Oil Storage Tanks, and conducted troubleshooting for potential hazards in oil depots. In 2022, the marketing subsidiaries closed and unloaded a total of 86 oil depots to eliminate environmental hazards. In accordance with the requirements of the Volatile Organic Pollutants Fugitive Emission Standard, in 2022, the marketing subsidiaries conducted LDAR maintenance for 137 oil depots and completed the detection and repair of the leakage points. The marketing subsidiaries carried out statistical analysis on key equipment such as the vacuum pump, refuelling gun, and oil and gas recovery and treatment device, and optimised equipment selection to improve the stability and compliance of the oil and gas recovery system of gas stations. Real-time monitoring of VOCs components in the device areaBiodiversity ConservationIn strict compliance with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, the Company attaches great importance to the protection of the ecological environment. The Company required all construction projects in ecologically sensitive areas to adopt strict ecological protection and restoration measures. The Company requires related parties to strictly comply with the Three Lines and One List regulation as well as the general requirements for relevant planning and environmental impact assessment, with regard to the site (route) selection, layout, and scale of construction projects. For 13 consecutive years, it has monitored six major elements of the environment, including air, surface water, land, vegetation, etc. in the Puguang gas field and surrounding areas, with a total of more than 34, 000 entries of monitoring data and 3, 000 comparison photos obtained so far. The ecological tracking results show that the local ecological functions have not been affected by gas field development. The Company integrated biodiversity conservation into annual energy and environment performance evaluation system. Operation site recovery and improvement Proposed that the construction unit is the responsible subject of environmental protection during construction. Contractor and supplier management Conducted fish and shrimp proliferation and release, supplemented and restored aquatic biological resources, improved the water environment, and optimised the structure of the fishery resource community. In case of ecological damage, restoration shall be carried out according to the requirements of the competent department of ecologically sensitive areas. Subsidiaries have formulated their own management requirements for ecological protection and implemented them in specific work. Action against deforestation For mining areas containing major wetlands, nature reserves, forest parks and other environmentally sensitive areas, the extension and change process of mining rights should avoid all kinds of sensitive areas. Ecological protection of mining areasSinopec Environmental Management Regulations Strictly in compliance with state environmental protection requirements, project construction, operation and decommissioning (relocation) shall have their respective ecological protection plans formulated and implemented, shall take effective measures to reduce the disturbance to the ecological environment, shall carry out the necessary ecological assessment, monitoring, restoration, and statistic studies as required, to protect biodiversity in surrounding areas and ensure ecological safety and stability. Sinopec Ecological Management Measures All units shall strictly manage their production and operation, reduce the disturbance of production and operation to the ecological environment, protect biodiversity, and ensure ecological safety. New projects should give priority to avoiding ecologically sensitive areas. Projects are not allowed to start without permits. In December 2022, Sinopec Corp. and other two Chinese enterprises were selected into the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary, which was jointly prepared by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and other institutions and released at the China Corner side event of the second phase of the Fifteenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change (COP15) in Montreal, Canada. Case Sinopec's subsidiaries were selected in the Business Handbook for Biodiversity Conservation Cases Summary Mansarover Energy Colombia Ltd. took the initiative to investigate the status of the ecosystem in the region, arranged operation activities according to the regional characteristics, and monitored the changes of the ecosystem. The company carries out ecological surveys every year to track the status of fauna and flora in the area where it operates, and monitor the development of key species, helping find the endangered species to a certain extent. In addition, Mansarover rescued local representative species in its oilfield blocks, such as red-footed sea turtles and white-faced capuchins after joining the biological protection and release program in 2018. Case Mansarover actively protects the ecosystem and biodiversityMain Actions for Biodiversity Conservation Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 65 66 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Building a Solid Safety Defence Line04 Safety Management System Production Safety Contractor Safety Occupational Health Logistics Safety Information Security Security67 69 70 71 74 75 76 Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 67 68 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Safety Management System HSE Management System Safety Risk Identification and MitigationSinopec Corp. has set a goal of achieving zero casualties, zero pollution, zero accidents. To this end, the Company follows the basic policies of organisation leads, and all employees participate; manage and control risks, and strength the fundamentals, adheres to the concept of safety first, environmental protection foremost, physical and mental health of employees, and strict, detailed, effective and consistent implementation, and has formulated and implemented management measures such as the Sinopec HSE Management System Manual. The HSE Committee holds monthly and quarterly meetings to summarise and analyse the critical aspects of HSE management and plan for the next steps to enhance the efficient operation of the HSE management system. To this end, the Company has implemented a range of measures aimed at deepening the application of the risk assessment management platform, promoting systematic, regular, standardised and informationalised identification and assessment of risks, and building a dual prevention mechanism of tiered control and hazard detection and management and eliminating the weak links of safety management. The Company carries out an annual safety risk identification and assessment. This process firstly involves creating a risk identification list from the bottom to the top level, followed by determining the list of major risks under the Company's special supervision based on the identification and evaluation results of its subsidiaries. In 2022, the Company organised the construction of a dual prevention and intelligent control platform for tiered risk control and hazards detection and rectification, which facilitated online risk identification and evaluation for 2, 449 major hazard sources of 96 enterprises. The Company integrated auxiliary functions such as risk monitoring and early warning, operational risk management and control, video intelligent analysis, personnel positioning, intelligent patrol and inspection into the platform, and upgraded the original Petrochemical HSE Assessment & Management System (PHAMS). All subsidiaries regularly carry out joint emergency drills with the local government to effectively improve the emergency response capacity against major accidents. In 2022, the Company conducted HSE management system audits for its 82 subsidiaries and incorporated the audit results into the performance evaluation system. Work plans for enterprise safety performance evaluation were formulated and the evaluation results were taken into account while selecting advanced enterprises of safety production. Proportion of contractors passing occupational health and safety management system certification ( )Indicator 1002020 2021 2022 100 100Focusing on the improvement of contractors' safety awareness and management level, the Company has developed systems such as the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Contractors, and the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Key Materials Supply. These systems clearly define the requirements for contractor safety qualification review, safety supervision and management, inspection and supervision, and assessment of bidding, contract signing, subcontracting, project commencement, on-site construction, special operations, and other processes. In 2022, the Company organised the whole system to carry out special rectification for contractor safety, and conducted special supervision and inspection on several high-risk construction projects. For any contractor violations found, the enterprise was ordered to immediately suspend construction, undergo accountability evaluation and carry out necessary rectification measures. The Company strictly controlled the safety risks of high- risk construction projects and released a series of cautionary videos of high-risk operation accidents, to enhance the safety awareness of the contractor's personnel. The Company conducted quantitative assessment of contractors, evaluating their safety, quality, and comprehensive management behaviour throughout the entire construction process, thereby promoting contractors to comprehensively inspect and improve their own compliance behaviours. In 2022, the Company conducted safety assessments on 2, 857 direct operators, cleared 67 operators from the construction site and cancelled the operating qualifications of 134 personnel. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company obtained the first International Safety Rating System (ISRS) seven-level certificate in the national petrochemical industry and became the first enterprise to reach level seven in the petrochemical industry in China. Safety performance evaluation review Formulated an oil spill control system, comprehensively identified oil spill risk points, formed a risk control list, and developed corresponding management and emergency response measures. Sinopec strictly abides by the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations, ensures the comprehensive prevention and control of occupational diseases, and actively promotes health management of employees about their work and life both physically and mentally. Management of Hazard Risks for Occupational DiseasesManagement of Employees' Occupational Health The Company attaches great importance to identifying, evaluating, and controlling occupational health risks and has integrated the management of occupational disease hazard risks into its comprehensive risk management system for an integrated approach to management. Together with the national departments of disease control and prevention, the Company conducted a thorough deeply investigation to grasp the pattern of occupational diseases, analysing and summarising the incidence of occupational diseases in the past decade, and formulated targeted improvement measures for key occupational diseases such as noise deafness and benzene poisoning, to effectively protect the health of employees. These guides provided guidance and direction to subsidiaries in the inspection and management of excessive noise positions and workplaces. The Company has effectively managed and controlled noise hazards, as well as required subsidiaries to treat excessive noise as an occupational health hazard, and tracked the progress of excessive noise treatment in each subsidiary. We conducted noise control experience-sharing activities to promote advanced noise control technologies and management measures and summarised the noise control experience. In 2022, the Company spot-checked the occupational disease evaluation reports of 33 oil fields and refining subsidiaries. Any existing management and technical problems were immediately notified, and specific rectification measures were proposed. Enterprises with serious hazards, such as oilfield, refining and chemical subsidiaries, were thoroughly reviewed and monitored to ensure the occupational health and safety of all employees. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the management of employees' occupational health by combining the occupational health management concept with the HSE management system. Organising staff to learn about the Occupational Diseases Prevention and Control LawThe Company's health and safety activities in 2022 9, 000thematic publicity activitiesMore than 30, 000slogan bannersCreating over 6, 000consultation activitiesMore than 30, 000publicity personnelDeploying more than 500, 000 Covering Set the two indicators of new occupational diseases and non-productive death as the monitoring indicators of the Company's HSE Committee. Indicators such as the control of excessive hazards, the provision of flame-retardant work clothes, the quality inspection of labour protection materials, the occupational health knowledge education, and the implementation of EAP, are set as the monitoring indicators of the sub-committee. The Smart Helmet Project has completed the site construction and entered the trial operation stage. New technologies such as hazard alarm smart chip and portable hydrogen sulfide alarm have entered the development stage, providing convenient and safe protection for employees who works in the hydrogen sulfide distribution environment. Sinopec Corp. adheres to operating modes of the Employee Assistance Programmes (EAP) and scientifically protects the mental health of employees. In 2022, the Company further expanded the coverage of EAP service, integrated EAP with production safety management, and strengthened the range of psychological counselling services so that the EAP can reach more employees. Logistics SafetyThe Company places great emphasis on the prevention and control of safety risks associated with hazardous chemicals and considers it a top priority in its logistics safety management. In response to the newly released National Centralised Management Plan for Safety Risks of Hazardous Chemicals, the Company has formulated a series of management measures to ensure compliance with the new regulations on hazardous chemicals. The Company sees the construction of systematic platforms as one of the important measures to ensure logistics safety. EPEC launched a logistics cloud platform that enables transparent, efficient, and traceable transactions for logistics operations. The platform integrates logistics information with purchase orders and business processes, providing full-process traceability of logistic information from order handling, distribution, storage, to delivery. As of the end of 2022, 4, 089 logistics service providers had registered on the platform. Organised special education and training activities to ensure that employees fully understand and adhere to the new chemical laws and regulations, and integrate them into their daily work. The training program covers specific practical operation links such as common cargo waterways highways, dangerous cargo waterways highways, hazardous chemical loading and unloading, ethylene oxide logistics, etc. Key Points of Logistics Safety Training in 2022 Practical operation safety in logisticsApplication of information technology in logisticsSpecial training themed promoting rectification by case-sharing Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 75 76 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Information SecurityIn strict compliance with the provisions of the Cyber Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Classified Protection of Network Security, the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure and other laws and regulations, the Company developed a network security management policy and standard system centred on the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures. The group reviews and approves medium and long-term network security plans, annual plans, and key work, providing guidance, coordination, supervision, and inspection of the network security of the Company to ensure the implementation of various network security tasks and responsibilities, to effectively prevent the misuse of customers' personal information and to ensure that the personal information collected from customers is used only for lawful and relevant purposes. In 2022, the Company conducted a comprehensive analysis of information risks, implemented a series of targeted strategies and measures, and comprehensively enhanced information security management. Employees can report any information or network security concerns to the Sinopec Security Response Centre (SSRC) through three channels when suspicious matters of information security network security are found by reporting the incidents through the security operation platform to form a full closed-loop management according to the incident handling process; by contacting the local communication group through the Company's internal communication software; by preparing a safety incident briefing and reporting it via email. SecurityAdhering to the overseas security concept of people-oriented, prevention first and safe development, Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its overseas security management system and operation mechanism, and has maintained the zero death overseas security performance for 15 consecutive years. The Company promotes the development of overseas security emergency command systems and intranet deployment, continues to improve overseas security management systems, focuses on security risks in high-risk countries (regions) and key areas, and strengthens overseas security inspection and emergency drills. We actively organise overseas safety training and place great emphasis on the physical and mental health management of overseas employees. As of the end of 2022, the Company has published two issues of the Overseas Security Risk Assessment Report, identifying 138 security risks, organised 70 overseas security training courses, covering 1, 697 people, as well as the training for all overseas security prevention personnel, with a total of 9, 723 participants, and published 124 issues of various publications on risk tracking, risk alert and situation analysis, including an issue of Annual Information Report on Country Risk and 4 issues of Country Risk Alert. Northwest Oilfield Cyber Security Propaganda at well stations Continued to revise and improve management measures such as the Sinopec Network Security Management Measures and Sinopec Network Security and the Informatisation Assessment Regulation, and updated technical specifications such as the Network Equipment Security Baseline. Conducted internal attack and defence drills to evaluate the Company's ability to resist risks, continuously tracked and rectified the problems found in the pre- drill, comprehensively improving the Company's network security protection and the ability to resist risks. SSRC dynamically monitored the Company's network, actively identified security hazards and vulnerabilities, analysed network attacks in real-time, and promptly responded to the threats of network irregularities. It also strictly implements relevant domestic laws such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, and relevant laws, regulations and systems of other countries where it is operated, as well as standards such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the National Human Rights Action Plan (2021-2025). Furthermore, the Company never disregards and tramples on human rights, always adheres to the principle of equal and non-discriminatory employment, treats employees of different genders, regions, races and religious beliefs fairly and equitably, promotes the construction of a diverse workforce, respects and protects the rights and interests of employees, contractors and suppliers as well as occupational health and safety, and builds a harmonious, stable and healthy labour relationship. Diversity and Equal Opportunity Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the all-around development of its employees, actively promotes workforce diversity, and strives to create a diverse workplace. The Company provides equal opportunities for career development and fair compensation for all employees. Meanwhile, the Company fully protects the employment rights of individuals with disabilities, effectively manages the placement and support of its disabled employees, attends to their daily needs, and takes various measures to ensure the stability of their employment. In the meantime, the Company actively implements maternity and lactation leave provisions and a regular health examination system and places a priority on the physical and mental well-being of its female employees. Through the formulation of relevant systems and measures, we will supervise the overseas employment process and fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of overseas employees. The Company signs written labour contracts with employees based on the principles of equality, voluntariness, and consensus. These contracts, approved or supervised by the local labour department, outline the terms of employment including the contract term, job duties and work place, working hours and breaks and vacation clauses, labour remuneration clauses, labour protection and occupational hazard protection clauses, and meet the necessary requirements outlined in labour contract regulations. In addition, the Company has also formulated a supporting labour management system for employees to ensure the strict implementation of these contracts and the protection of its employees' rights and interests. The Company reviews and confirms its recruitment practices and systems annually to avoid child labour and forced labour. Sinopec Corp. actively implements the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, builds harmonious labour relations, and promotes the fundamental principles of decent work. It consciously resists any violations of human rights and takes a zero-tolerance approach to discrimination based on nationality, gender, age, race, religion, pregnancy, or disability in areas such as recruitment, advancement, training, and compensation. Constructing Harmonious Labour RelationsProtecting Legitimate Rights and Interests of EmployeesStrengthening the Protection of Human Rights of Overseas EmployeesPercentage of female employees31 4. 2 Percentage of ethnic minority employees Employee Communication and ParticipationThe Company has established and continuously improved rules and regulations such as those related to collective consultation as well as employees' congress and has implemented a democratic management plan. The Company protects the legitimate rights of employees, including the right to know, the right to participate, and the right to supervise, and encouraged employees to actively engage in its democratic management, allowing every employee to play a role in its development. The employees' congress serves as a vital communication channel between Sinopec Corp. and its employees. The Company regularly encourages employee representatives to make proposals regarding issues such as safety production, environmental protection, enterprise management, production and operation, salary distribution, employee education and welfare. The responsible departments are required to gather and provide feedback on these proposals. Meanwhile, a sound closed-loop feedback mechanism for processing proposals has been established, and the unprocessed proposals are submitted to the employee representatives in writing in a timely manner to give reasonable explanations. The Company actively organizes and carries out collective consultation, gathering the opinions of employee representatives in the process. Furthermore, it strengthens the communication between the labour union and the human resources department, and works together to negotiate the terms of the collective contract and special contract. After approval by the employees' congress, the labour union representative and the human resources representative sign the contract, ensuring that it accurately reflects the needs and interests of employees and protects their rights. In addition, the working committee of the Company's labour union insists on carrying out thousands of grass-root family visits to engage with employees and their families. The committee has established and improved the long-term visiting mechanism, encouraging leaders at all levels to visit grass-roots teams and employees' families, listen to employee concerns, gather feedback, and actively address pressing issues. Human Resources Risk ManagementSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the risk management of human resources, specifically in regard to brain drain. The Company systematically and comprehensively monitors brain drain, the factors contributing to higher rates of turnover. In recent years, the Company's turnover rate has stabilised, crossed the inflection point and its efforts have effectively addressed the issue of brain drain. Salary and BenefitsThe Company implements a parallel distribution policy for salary and non-salary incentives, utilising targeted hierarchical management. Its multi-dimensional and multi- level salary distribution system takes into account the value of the position, ability level, and performance contribution. This system covers basic salary, performance bonuses, and medium- to long-term incentives. The Company actively benchmarks its salary performance against the market and, integrates these findings to enhance our salary competitiveness to key, core talent and create a fair salary distribution structure. In addition, the Company strictly implements the relevant policies and regulations of the state on maternity leave, parental leave and other employee welfare. In terms of talent introduction and allocation, the Company implements a differentiated talent introduction strategy and establishes a three-dimensional approach and a flexible talent acquisition channel. In 2022, the Company introduced nearly 10, 000 graduates to fully guarantee the strategic reserve of talents. In 2022, a group of outstanding talents won national honourary titles, including two winners of the Geological Society of China Field Youth Geological Contribution Award, one winner of Outstanding Female Geological Scientist, one winner of the Chinese Skills Award, and three winners of the National Technical Expert. The Company provides multi-level, multi-angle and multi- directional development paths to enable employees to acquire knowledge and skills, and to gain valuable professional experience. On the one hand, it continues to foster partnerships with domestic higher institutions, on the other hand, it continues to deepen joint training projects with prestigious universities worldwide and actively promotes the new apprenticeship system. The Company and Imperial College London collaborate in training young scientific and technological talents and build a reserve talent echelon in the field of science and technology. From 2019 to 2022, a total of 5 batches of 14 students received the Sinopec Doctoral Scholarship. Promoting the Upgrading of Vocational SkillsIn accordance with the Management Regulations on the Professional Title Evaluation of Sinopec Corp. and the Management Regulations on the Professional Skill Level Recognition of Sinopec Corp., the Company continues to promote the reform of professional title evaluation and professional skill level recognition, and actively carries out talent evaluation. Specialist technicians conduct the in-depth training at production sites Teacher-apprentice improves staff skills and operational level In 2022, Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang (Morning Suns) Program training system for young talents won the 2022 Corporate Leadership Award of the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education affiliated with United Nations Edu cational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), becoming the only Chinese enterprise to win this honour in the past 10 years. Employee TrainingThe Company continues to enhance its top-level design of employee training and prioritises the development of key personnel such as managers, technical and skilled workers, and international talents. The Company facilitates training experience exchange among grass-roots front-line employees, raises the quality of front-line employee training, and accelerates the co-construction and sharing of high-quality training resources. In 2022, investment in vocational training reached RMB 871 million. In 2022, the Company revised and improved the Sinopec Corp. Expert Management Measures and the Sinopec Corp.'s Selection and Management Measures for High-level Skill Positions to develop a longitudinally smooth and horizontally coherent talent development mechanism. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. had 24 academicians, 7 national young and middle-aged experts with outstanding contributions, 22 national candidates for the National Hundred, Thousand, and Ten Thousand Talent Project, 9 overseas high-level experts, 375 on-the-job employee enjoying special government allowances, 8 winners of the China Skills Award and 104 winners of the National Technical Expert. Employee CareThe Company conducts a long-term survey on its employee support and assistance efforts, strengthening the research on the compliance management policy of employee support and assistance. Its labour unions at various levels organised normalised activities to give support to people in need and strengthened the service to expand the scope of assistance and cover more people. Meanwhile, the Company also places a strong emphasis on the mental health of its employees, offering group-wide EAP services and diverse online and offline sports and recreational activities, promoting work and living for employees with happiness and health. The appraisal process emphasises performance assessment orientation, covering work performance, work ability and work style, and strives to openly, comprehensively and truly reflect the work situation of employees. Meanwhile, the results of the appraisal are communicated back to the employees in a timely manner to ensure that the appraisal management can fully play a positive role in supporting their professional growth and development. For management employees, the Company has formulated differentiated performance appraisal responsibility documents aligned with the position and work division of management employees. Assessment indicators, target values and appraisal weights are defined, taking into account both the overall performance of the Company and the performance of the business units they oversee, and the appraisal scores and results are determined in strict accordance with the completion of each indicator. The annual remuneration level of management employees is tied to their performance appraisal results. Among them, production safety indicators include but are not limited to penalties for safety violations, contractor safety, etc. energy conservation, environmental protection and addressing climate change indicators include but are not limited to greenhouse gas emissions, pollutant discharges and emissions, energy efficiency management, penalties for environmental violations, etc. Management staff who have failed to meet the appraisal targets will have their comprehensive appraisal score deducted accordingly. In addition, the Company has linked the annual performance bonus of the leadership team to their appraisal result on response to climate change. For each point deducted, a certain percentage of his her annual performance bonus will be reduced accordingly, up to 20 of the total amount. In case of particularly significant safety, environmental and quality accidents or incidents, the comprehensive appraisal results will be directly reduced to unqualified. In June 2022, the International Association for Continuing Engineering Education (IACEE), an unofficial organisation affiliated with UNESCO, announced the 2022 IACEE Award for Corporate Leadership in Continuing Engineering Education. Sinopec Corp. was honoured to be the only Chinese enterprise in the past decade to receive this award for its successful implementation and innovative approach to the Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents. This recognition has boosted Sinopec Corp.'s brand reputation and increased the international impact of Chinese enterprises in the field of human resource management, particularly in the area of talent learning and development. The Zhaoyang Program for young talents is a talent training project launched and implemented by Sinopec Corp. for its 150, 000 young employees. The quality training system was improved to include source training, follow-up training and whole process training. Innovative training was also provided, including the young leaders training, the Young Marxist Training Project training, the Future Scientists training, the outstanding engineers cultivation training and the internationalised operation strategic reserves intensified training, resulting in significant training outcomes. The Council of IACEE recognised Sinopec Corp.'s Zhaoyang Program training system for young talents as a model for innovative and effective training, and praised the project for its systematic planning of training paths, integrated and innovative training model, integrated school-enterprise cooperation, optimised training organisation and operation, continuous improvement of training quality and gathering advantageous resources from all sides. Sinopec Corp. is dedicated to addressing people's concerns, improving their lives, and contributing to social development. Contributing to Rural Revitalisation and Common ProsperityAccording to the 14th Sinopec Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalisation, the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Education Support, and the Sinopec Implementation Plan for Rural Revitalisation through Product Consumption, the Company accelerates the implementation of poverty alleviation projects on fields of industry, education, and consumption, making practical contributions to rural revitalisation and common prosperity. In 2022, the Company invested RMB 211 million in assistance funds, and introduced RMB 231 million in assistance funds for poverty alleviation. directly affiliated subsidiaries undertook the task of relieving 616 villages from poverty. The Company dispatched 927 cadres stationed in villages and recruited 31 internal volunteers to participate in the education and construction of targeted counties. The aim is to extend the industry from farming to deep processing of products, and establish each county with a high-quality agricultural product industry chain and a number of market-competitive products, creating a full chain support mode combining industry consumption and one county, one chain. Variety cultivation intensive processing Brand building flagship industry cultivation Professional operation powerful marketing Starting with the source of the industrial chain, Sinopec Corp. promoted the industrial chain of agricultural products developing from primary processing to intensive processing through large-scale planting, acquisition, storage, transportation and processing. Relying on the Company's advantages in management and human resources, Sinopec Corp. explored the establishment of a multi-party cooperative development model of government scientific research institutions enterprises new business entities farmers to help regional characteristic industries to gain larger, stronger and better development. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. and the People's Government of Dongxiang Autonomous County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province signed the Framework Agreement on the Five-Year Work Plan for Sinopec Corp. to Help Dongxiang County. In the next five years, Sinopec Corp. will provide further support to Dongxiang by investing over RMB 500 million in assistance funds, helping the county achieve its goal of rural revitalisation. The Company has invested over RMB 700 million in assistance funds, implemented 236 assistance projects, and benefited over 154, 000 people. This project has received high praise from both the local government and residents. Through these efforts, Sinopec Corp. has injected vitality into Dongxiang and helped locals increase their income. In July 2022, Sinopec Corp. and the China Children and Teenagers' Fund jointly launched the Spring Bud Power Station public welfare project under the guidance of the All-China Women's Federation. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has invested a total of RMB 174 million in implementing 28 assistance projects and supporting 881 students in need, promoting high-quality and balanced development of education. To date, with pairing assistance and the designated support from Sinopec Corp., 11 Spring Bud Power Stations have been built successfully. On February 8, 2023, Sinopec Corp. conducted a survey titled Bearing in Mind the Mission and Further Promoting Rural Revitalisation in Dongxiang. During the survey, Ma Yongsheng, chairman of Sinopec Corp. and an academician with the Academy of Engineering, gave an on-site lecture First Class Begins based on the significant changes brought about by the Company's poverty alleviation practices in Dongxiang over the past decade. Moreover, the Company has been promoting high-quality development of the local economy by expanding employment opportunities and increasing residents' income. Featured case Sinopec Corp. launched the five-year work plan to help Dongxiang Invested a total of RMB 50 million in hardware renovation, such as equipping intelligent interactive blackboards and upgrading campus libraries. On the basis of the pairing of sister schools, Sinopec Corp. invited experts and famous teachers to enhance the training of local teachers by adopting the mode of expert guidance case study practice exercise achievement demonstration. Conducted mandarin promotion activities named Childlike Innocence to the Party, Contribute with Love among 8, 000 teachers and students in 15 schools receiving the assistance from Sinopec Corp. in western China. More than 2, 000 teachers have been trained, and more than 170 mentoring pairs of Lanqing Master and Apprentice have been established. One-to-one pairing Collectivisation assistance Three-dimensional assistance Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 91 92 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Southeast Guizhou Company carries out the Start of Winter activity, Heart-Warming Dumplings Share the Taste of 'Home' Public Welfare ActionSinopec has participated in a series of public welfare projects for many years to actively give back to society, such as Sinopec Lifeline Express, Warm Stations Prorgamme, Sanitation Workers' Stations Programme, Driver's Home Programme for Truck Drivers and Spring Bud Project for Young Girls. Also, the Company upholds the volunteer service spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual-assistance, and progress, and encourages its employees to actively participate in volunteer activities to contribute love and warmth to the society. They have been actively contributing to rural revitalisation, service guarantee for major events and community harmony construction. By the end of 2022, Sinopec Corp. has built and operated 3, 586 Drivers' Homes and 5, 415 Warm Stations across China. Over the past ten years, Sinopec Corp. has served more than 53 million migrant workers returning to rural areas during the Spring Festival by providing more than 48, 000 volunteer services and refuelling more than 132, 000 litres of 92, 000 motorcycles free of charge. Over the past 18 years, the Company has donated RMB 184 million to public welfare undertakings of Health Express, entered 44 service points in 18 provinces (autonomous regions), and helped more than 50, 000 poor cataract patients and their families to get out of the predicament. Sanitation workers taste sweet soup balls at Warm Stations Offering services for 2, 769 days in total. Desert Health Express medical volunteer service An Express for Regaining Sight Sinopec Lifeline Express Home on the Road Driver's Home Programme and Warm Stations Programme The Company has built the gas station into a window for volunteer services by setting up Driver's Home and Warm Stations to provide warm services such as rest, catering, hot water, bathing, laundry, parking, and charging for outdoor and new forms of workers such as truck drivers, sanitation workers, and couriers. Sinopec Lifeline Express marks the first health express donated by domestic enterprises. It is equipped with advanced ophthalmic diagnosis and treatment equipment and professional doctors, with a success rate of cataract surgery more than 99. The Express enters three regions each year, and stays in each region for three months, treating an average of 3, 000 patients annually. Desert Health Express Medical Assistance Volunteer Service Project in Remote AreasThe Desert Health Express medical volunteer service team of Northwest Oilfield was established in May 2015 by leveraging the resources of the gas-defence medical station at the Northwest Oilfield Public Security Fire Control Centre. The team signed cooperation agreements with the Beijing Road Medical Area of the General Hospital of Xinjiang Military Region and the people's hospitals in Bazhou, Luntai County, Kuqa City, and Shaya County to set up emergency green medical channels. Additionally, the team has implemented a volunteer service model that involves pairing up with the masses, providing menu-based medical consultations, and utilising hospital linkage to enhance medical care. The team is composed of 27 medical personnel with professional rescue qualifications, covering the southern Xinjiang work area of Northwest Oilfield and surrounding towns and villages. The team engages in extensive volunteer work, including self-rescue and mutual-rescue knowledge dissemination, telemedicine consultation, free medical treatment, medical delivery, and health knowledge lectures. As a result of their dedication, the team has been praised by the locals as the lifeline of the desert. In 2022, the Desert Health Express medical assistance volunteer service project in remote areas won the bronze prize in the 6th China Youth Volunteer Service Project Competition. With gas stations as the service platform, Sinopec Corp. has provided free refuelling for Homebound Migrant Workers on Motorcycle in key areas such as Guangdong, Guangxi, and Jiangxi, as well as free services such as hot porridge, ginger soup, rest room, and baby care room. In 2022, the Warm Stations Programme was transformed and upgraded by incorporating 243 new gas stations to provide nearly 20 kinds of free convenience services for outdoor workers and left- behind personnel, such as emergency medicines, hot water, and hot food. Employees of Taizhou Company volunteer to help farmers harvest Wendan In 2022 0. 965million person-timesThe service times of volunteers were 1. 601million hourswith a service duration of Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 93 94 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Sustainable Supply ChainSinopec Corp. always attaches great importance to the optimisation of supply chain management, and insists on incorporating ESG into its suppliers and contractors management system. The Company actively promotes the principle of honest, safe, timely, green and economic procurement, building a compliant, green and responsible procurement system. The Company prioritises the ESG performance of suppliers and contractors and encourages them to strengthen sustainable development management and practices through risk identification and management mechanisms and supporting social and environmental risk prevention systems. Supplier ManagementSinopec Corp. evaluates the ESG performance of suppliers in social responsibility, environmental protection, resource conservation, safety management, and other aspects by incorporating health and safety and environmental protection requirements into the supplier qualification audit process. This evaluation process encourages suppliers to continuously improve their own governance level and practise sustainable development. This measure helps prevent and control supply risks from the source. Suppliers must sign the Letter of Responsibility for Business Ethics and promise to strictly abide by the laws and regulations related to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, as well as the internal integrity regulations of both parties. Qualification inspection The Company has integrated environmental protection, resource conservation, and sustainability management into its supplier assessment process by adding HSE system certification, quality management system certification, pollution discharge permits, energy management system certifications, green product and low-carbon product certifications to the list of qualification requirements for suppliers. On-site inspection The inspection covers the suppliers' ISO14000 and ISO18000 system certifications, green products standards, workplace safety emergency management system, labour protection measures, discharge and emissions, and waste treatment. HSE management factors have been given greater weight for on-site inspection criteria. A third-party evaluation institution is entrusted to carry out on-site due diligence of suppliers by on-site investigation and interview, covering but not limited to production and operation, equipment plant, company personnel, internal control management, financial management, etc. In 2022, the Company conducted due diligence on 2, 933 suppliers, bringing the accumulative total to 10, 378. Digital procurement supervision platform Supplier training The Company focuses on 26 key areas of material procurement, such as bidding and procurement framework agreement, to build a procurement process management and supervision platform. This platform promotes standardised, tool-based, and automated risk prevention and control, and facilitates the construction of a digital procurement business supervision system. The Company held supplier training sessions, introducing its principles of material supply and management, critical points of bidding management system, and established stricter anti-corruption, environmental protection, safety management, and green procurement standards, urging suppliers to fulfil their obligations of acting in good faith. Comprehensive evaluation of suppliersThe Company establishes supplier performance evaluation indicators that feature corporate credit certification, product quality evaluation, dynamic performance evaluation, and market performance as the main contents. These indicators help objectively evaluate the comprehensive strength of suppliers. Corporate credit certification standards include green management system construction, green product certification and other environmental protection low-carbon performance evaluation indicators, as well as corporate environmental penalties, social security, and other social responsibility performance evaluation indicators. By the end of 2022, suppliers with A-AAA corporate credit certification accounted for 68. 8, while B-BBB and C-CCC suppliers accounted for 31. 1 and 0. 1, respectively. These measures aim to optimise energy-saving technology and equipment, and comprehensively promote the upgrading and procurement of products. Moreover, it clarifies the selection conditions and requirements in procurement plans, bid evaluation methods, and contract terms to encourage suppliers into developing green technologies and green products. In this way, it offers support and guidance for the green transformation of suppliers. In the meantime, the Company continuously strengthens the search and cultivation of energy supply resources in geothermal, hydrogen, photovoltaic, wind and other new energy fields, and actively serves the development of the Three New industries. ESG Risk Management for Suppliers Due diligenceQualification inspection Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 95 96 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Contractor ManagementTo continuously encourage contractors into enhancing their responsibility performance, the Company incorporates ESG-related requirements such as openness and transparency, integrity, anti-corruption, HSE qualification and management, safety and environmental protection qualification and management, in its management systems such as the Sinopec Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, the Regulations on Sinopec Quality Accident Management, the Management Regulations on Sinopec Production Safety Accident, the Management Measures on Sinopec's Scoring and Quantitative Assessment of Project Contractors, and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Engineering Construction and Maintenance Contractors. The Company constantly promotes the scoring and quantitative assessment of contractors and employees, and assesses contractors' safety, quality, progress, comprehensive management and other behaviours. The Company assesses these behaviours through event records, urging contractors to comprehensively review and improve their own practices. In addition, by applying the contractor management information platform, the Company realised the comprehensive management of contractors and employees, and significantly improved the management and control level. Community Communication and EngagementSinopec Corp. prioritises coordinated development with the communities where it is operated, and takes swift action in identifying, assessing, and resolving any risks that may conflict with the community. The Company implements a community communication mechanism and development participation plan that respects the cultural customs and rituals of the community, promoting the win-win situation of enterprise development and community prosperity. Community Communication Mechanism Assessment of Impact on CommunitySinopec Corp. establishes an environmental information disclosure system that ensures timely and lawful disclosure of environmental information. Moreover, it also sets up pollutant discharge signs outside the stations where pollutants are discharged, which display information such as the main processes, types of pollutants produced, and amount of pollutants discharged. Complaint hotlines are also provided for the public to report any environmental issues. More details on the environmental complaint mechanism can be found in the section Environmental Protection Management and Targets of this report. In 2012, the Company initiated the activity Opening the Door to Run Enterprises, which was later upgraded to the large-scale brand activity Sinopec Public Open Day in 2016. Over the past decade, the Company has invited various stakeholders, including community residents, students, government officials, and media reporters to visit the site, totalling more than 220, 000 visits. Through live broadcasting, the event has been attended by over 80 million people online. Furthermore, the Company proactively organises popular science activities to facilitate communication with the public on the petrochemical industry, energy-saving and environmental protection initiatives, etc. Six popular science activities, including Exploring Intelligent Energy Public Open Day, 'Popularising Shale Gas Knowledge' Special Public Open Day, Embracing the Win-win Future of Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality - Geothermal Science Popularisation Exhibition, Special Activity on Shale Gas Science Popularisation, 'Entering Yangzi' Science Popularisation Summer Camp, and 'Red Scarfs' Seeking for the Ways to Serve China through Industries were selected as the excellent activities of the National Science Day in 2022. The Company formulates social impact assessment procedures covering key stages before project commissioning, such as project proposal development, construction scheme formulation, and environmental protection acceptance, to ensure that the whole life cycle of the project complies with national and local environmental laws and regulations. Overseas subsidiaries often hold public hearings in the communities where they operate before engaging in important construction and production activities. This allows locals to voice their opinions and ensures that community and resident interests are protected as much as possible. The notice focused on consolidating noise pollution control in production enterprises, strictly controlling noise pollution in construction sites, engaging in noise monitoring and information disclosure, increasing research and development of noise pollution prevention and control technologies, and personnel training. The comprehensive remediation of noise pollution shall be included in the scope of special investigation and remediation of the Company's environmental protection compliance in accordance with the law, and the Sinopec Noise Pollution Prevention and Control Compliance Checklist shall be prepared and incorporated into the environmental protection information system for real-time monitoring. Project proposal development Preparation of construction scheme Environmental protection acceptance The Company added a special chapter on environmental protection in the project proposal design and feasibility study report, identifying environmentally sensitive targets, and formulating corresponding pollution prevention and ecological protection measures in combination with national and local environmental protection policies and management systems such as the Management Measures on Environmental Protection of Sinopec and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control. The Company organised an environmental impact assessment, and entrusted a third-party assessment agency to prepare an environmental impact assessment report. The approval requirements of environmental impact assessments are incorporated into the special chapter on the environmental protection of the construction scheme. During public participation in environmental impact assessments, the Company actively seeks opinions and suggestions from surrounding communities. After the project construction begins, the Company conducts regular checks to ensure that environmental protection measures are being implemented properly during the construction phase of projects in accordance with the requirements of the environmental assessment. Upon completion, the Company also organises timely inspections and acceptance of the projects in terms of environmental protection to ensure that they are put into operation in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The company set up a special hotline for receiving environmental protection supervision reports and encouraged anyone who detects abnormal odour to call and report the situation. Upon receiving a report, Jinling Petrochemical Company immediately conducts tracing, searching, and analysis. If the odour is caused by production, the relevant subsidiaries are promptly urged to rectify the issue; if the odour is caused by an external source, it will also be promptly reported to the informer to jointly supervise and improve the regional atmospheric environmental quality. To incentivise the public to participate in environmental protection supervision, Jinling Petrochemical Company offers telephone card rewards to those who actively participate in environmental protection reporting. This initiative has effectively motivated the public to get involved in environmental protection supervision and jointly build odour-free factories. Case Establishing a Reward System for Environmental Protection Reporting Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 97 98 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Community Participation ProgrammeThe Company firmly upholds its commitment to repaying the local area and contributing to the prosperity of the local economy, by actively engaging in community development support work and promoting local community construction and economic development. Its overseas subsidiaries strictly implement the tax payment requirements in accordance with local laws, abide by international safety, health, and environmental protection standards, and give priority to the employment of local employees. Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company has an industrial diversion canal of more than 20 kilometres long that flows through Two Cities and One District. It is not only a special canal for oil refining production, but also undertakes the task of guaranteeing irrigation water for more than 50, 000 mu (about 33. 3 km2) of farmland along the canal. In order to meet the local irrigation water demand for spring ploughing, Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Company gains a thorough understanding of the water demand of villages and towns, calculates the total daily industrial and agricultural water consumption, and makes an overall plan for water supply, giving full play to the advantages of the industrial diversion canal while ensuring the normal water use for oil refining production. During the spring ploughing season, its volunteer service team also goes to the farmland along the industrial diversion canal and helps the villagers who lack labour do farm work and solve their urgent needs. Case Helping Villagers Solve the Urgent Need of Spring Ploughing Production Mansarovar in Colombia under Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration and Production Corporation has developed a social communication and participation plan to create value for the community where the oilfield is located by supporting the development of local education, public infrastructure, health care and so on. In 2022, it has successfully fulfilled all the commitments of the Cocoa Development Plan, effectively improved the production efficiency of the local cocoa industry, and strengthened the production base of Colombian agroforestry producers and cocoa cooperatives. Case Implementing the Cocoa Development PlanStaff Localisation Ratio 96 CIR in Kazakhstan Mansarovar in Colombia UDM in Russia 96 99 Product and Service ManagementAdhering to the tenet of high quality, sufficient quantity, and customer satisfaction, Sinopec Corp. has always focused on the customer-centred business philosophy and made every efforts to improve product quality and service level. This approach helps to enhance the service management process, improve the customer experience, and safeguard the rights and interests of its customers. Quality ManagementIn strict accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Product Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, the Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Standardisation Law of The People's Republic of China, the Company has formulated management documents such as the Measures for the Quality Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, the Regulations on the Quality Risk Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, and the Work Standards for the Quality Inspection Room of Refined Oil and Natural Gas to strictly control quality risks, fulfil the social responsibility of every drop of oil is a promise, and provide consumers with safe and high-quality products. All forty marketing subsidiaries of the Company have obtained third-party certification for their ISO9000 quality management systems. In 2022, more than 25, 000 batches of samples of the Company accepted random external review at the national, provincial, and municipal levels and were all qualified. Moreover, the Company created an innovative internal control indicator system for refined oil that includes 21 indicators and 7 detection methods. This system covers gasoline, diesel and denatured fuel ethanol, addressing loopholes in national standards and filling gaps in China. The Company implemented a centralised procurement strategy. Through the construction of system technology standard, the Company built a standardised process quality control system covering the whole process of refined oil circulation to ensure that the warehousing-in, storage, transportation and sales are under control. Storage Implement special line transfer, special tank storage, special pump, special pipe and special tank for unloading, transfer and refitting of oil products; strictly control the outbound inspection, to ensure that no unqualified products are released from the warehouse. Transportation Implement a special vehicle for special use and separated transportation of diesel and gasoline to prevent oil pollution; assign special personnel to track the route of oil tankers through GPS positioning systems to prevent oil quality accidents caused by human factors during transportation. Sales Strictly manage the oil unloading process, unify and standardise the sampling and testing of oil products before unloading, and refuse to unload any unqualified products; implement the system of keeping oil product samples at the station until sales are completed, to ensure that they are 100 qualified. By using big data analysis technologies, the Company set up a new management mode of intelligent analysis, management, and control of the quality of refined oil products. Promoting the construction of quality informatisation The Company carried out activities to enhance the quality awareness of all employees and fostered a culture where all employees actively participate in quality management. The Company assisted government departments in engaging in quality supervision, and cooperated with the media to publicise quality knowledge for jointly purifying the market environment, and building a quality culture with its own characteristics. In 2022, no customer complaints occurred in the sales and service of chemical products of the Company. The Company strictly complies with laws and regulations in the process of marketing and product promotion to prevent false or exaggerated descriptions, and has produced advertisements in accordance with relevant local laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China. Customers can scan the QR code on the packaging bag through a mobile app to obtain the electronic quality inspection form of the corresponding batch of products. This initiative has been widely praised by customers for its convenience and fast processing speed. Oil Products Sales The Company formulated the Operation Manual for Cleaning and Maintenance of Refuelling (Gas) Stations to create a clean and tidy consumption environment. Implementing the cleaning and upgrading plan Thirty-one provincial and municipal sales companies have completed the centralisation and unification of customer services so that all hotlines and online customer services have been transferred to the national unified customer service centre for handling. About 4. 2 million customer service calls were received throughout the year of 2022, of which about 3. 02 million were manual customer service calls. All the problems reflected by customers were verified and answered. The average time of vehicles entering the station was 287 seconds, which was 13 seconds shorter than that at the beginning of the competition. After customers use the e-wallet for refuelling, the system immediately sends the service evaluation information to the customer's mobile phone. Customers can evaluate the service quality from six aspects service experience, venue environment, commodity recommendation, queuing time, equipment and facilities, and payment and invoicing. Innovating service evaluation methods In 2022, a total of 133 million customers participated in the evaluation, amounting to 367 million customer evaluations, with a satisfaction rate of 99. 9, up by 0. 3 percentage points year-on-year; the negative comment rate from customers was 0. 07, with a year- on-year decrease of more than 60. In 2022, a total of 3, 542 questionnaires on customer satisfaction were sampled, and the customer satisfaction performance was excellent, with an overall evaluation score of 94. 2, which was further improved compared with 2021. Promoting Win-win Development of the IndustryUnder the guidance of the Standardisation Administration of the P. R. C., the Company has collaborated with co-construction subsidiaries to promote the construction of the national technical standard innovation base for leading industrial upgrading through standard innovations. As of 2022, it has formulated 2 international standards such as the Code for Foam Glass Products for Building-related Thermal Insulation Materials, 3 national standards including the Evaluation on Service Quality of Cross-border E-commerce Platform, 64 group standards like General Rules on Quality Grading and Evaluation of Industrial Products, and more than 5, 800 corporate standards including the Detailed Rules for Quality Evaluation of EPEC Products - Plate Welded Pressure Vessels. They focused on inventing new technologies and optimising existing ones, and promoted domestic equipment manufacturing enterprises to transform scientific and technological achievements into industrial competitive advantages and to enhance the level of industrialisation. Throughout this period, the Company has actively fulfilled its obligations as a member and actively participated in relevant work. Sinopec Corp. joined the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes (AEPW) in 2019, being the first mainland Chinese enterprise to join the Alliance. In 2022, nine new projects promoted by the Company in the field of publicity and education and the application of waste plastics were approved in principle by the Alliance. By cooperating with Tsinghua University and Tongji University, the Company released three research reports in plastic recycling, providing solutions to plastic pollution control from different perspectives. In addition to participating in the daily representative meetings of the Alliance and maintaining communication, the Company also appointed senior experts to serve as members of the Alliance's Advanced Recycling Theme Expert Group (TEG), to participate in the work and meetings of the AEPW NTG, to attend the discussions related to chemical recycling led by the Alliance, and to review the start-up incubator projects carried out by the Alliance in China. Case Actively Fulfilling the Obligations as a Member of the Alliance to End Plastic Wastes Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. 103 104 Corporate Governance Building a Solid Safety Defence Line Addressing Climate Change Respecting Human Rights and Cultivating Talents Protecting the Environment Fulfilling Social Responsibility Indicators 2020 2021 2022 Methane emissions (million cubic metres) 283. 56 299. 90 253. 79 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 245. 98 269. 88 222. 32 Refining and chemicals segment 23. 75 10. 01 11. 06 Marketing segment 13. 83 20. 01 20. 41Indicators 2020 2021 2022 GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Note1170. 94 172. 56 161. 79 Direct GHGs emissions 128. 58 148. 38 137. 72 Indirect GHGs emissions 42. 36 24. 18 24. 07 Oil & gas exploration and production segment 24. 42 22. 47 20. 36 Refining and chemicals segment 144. 32 148. 34 139. 82 Marketing segment 2. 20 1. 75 1. 61 GHGs emissions intensityNote281. 22 62. 96 48. 76 CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) 1, 290 1, 520 1, 534 Methane recovery (million cubic metres) 600 717 834Key Performance Environmental Performance Emissions, effluents, and wastesNote1 Note 1 This report discloses the emissions of the Company's oilfield, refining and chemical, and professional companies that are included in the key management of emission permits. The emissions accounting is based on self-monitoring data and is ultimately subject to data published by local ecological and environmental authorities. Note 2 Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity (cubic metre RMB million) Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use revenue (RMB million) Indicators 2020 2021 2022 COD (tonnes) 5, 743 5, 185 4, 755 Ammonia and nitrogen (tonnes) 142 107 75 Sulphur dioxide (tonnes) 5, 922 5, 117 4, 910 Nitrogen oxides (tonnes) 21, 762 20, 774 19, 247 Solid waste (thousand tonnes)Note21, 710. 8 1, 931. 6 2, 036. 9 Solid waste intensityNote30. 81 0. 70 0. 61 Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes)Note4731. 1 461. 0 515. 0 Hazardous waste intensityNote50. 35 0. 17 0. 16GHGs emissions and management Note 1 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6). Key Data In this report, limited assurance procedures were performed on the following selected key data of the Company 's 2022 Sustainability Report GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) Consumption of purchased electricity (billion kWh) Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes ) Number of accidents reported Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working -hours) Total number of employees Employee turnover rate ( ) Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees in management ( ) Percentage of minority employees ( ) Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patents applied for this year Number of authori sed patents this year 2 Independent Limited Assurance (Continue ) 2300049 Within the scope of our work, we only performed procedures in selected 2022 key data in the Head Office, Sinopec Beijing Oil Products Company and Sinopec Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Branch we have not conducted work in other subsidiaries. We have not performed any procedures with respect to 2021 and other earlier periods or any other information included in the 2022 Sustainability Report. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors The Company 's Board of Directors is solely responsible for the preparation of the key data of the 2022 Sustainability Report in accordance with basis of reporting of the key data ( basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. Responsibilities of KPMG Our responsibility is to carry out a limited assurance engagement and to express a conclusion based on the work performed. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. We have complied with our in dependence requirement and other relevant ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, and we have complied with the applicable requirements of the International Standard on Quality Control 1 with respect to maintaining a comprehensive quality control system. Our independent limited assurance report has been prepared solely to the Company in accordance with the terms of our engagement. Our work has been undertaken so that we might report to the Board of Directors those matters we have been engaged to report in this independent limited assurance report and for no other purpose. Direct GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Direct GHGs emission disclosed herein refers to direct GHGs emission from fixed emission source, mobile emission source, process emission source and escape emission source produced by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Indirect GHGs emission (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Indirect GHGs emission herein refers to indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the consumption of purchased electricity, purchased heat (steam), etc by the production operation subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) CO 2 capture herein refers to the total amount of carbon dioxide captured by refinery enterprises of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in carbon dioxide recovery work. Consumption of purchased electricity (billion kWh) Consumption of purchased electricity herein refers to the difference between total consumption of electricity of industrial subsidiaries of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation and their self-generated electricity. Weight of disposed hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Weight of disposed hazardous waste herein refers to the total weight of hazardous waste entrusted for process and disposal, which is collected in the Environmental Protection Information System of China Petrochemical Corporation. Number of accidents reported Number of accidents reported herein refers to the number of General Grade A and higher accidents that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. A General Grade A accident means an accident in which some person died. Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Number of deaths due to production safety accidents herein refers to the number of permanent employees that are eventually confirmed dead in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Total recorded accident (incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) herein refers to the number of accidents (incident) that occurred of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 working- hours. Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) herein refers to the number of fatal accidents that occurred in General Grade A accidents of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, per 200, 000 working-hours. Total number of employees Total number of employees herein refers to the total number of employees who has signed full-time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees. Employee turnover rate ( ) Employee turnover rate herein refers to the proportion of the number of employees whose labour contracts were terminated by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation for personal reasons (excluding ordinary employees such as gas station operators). Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees who has signed full-time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees. Percentage of female employees in operational management Percentage of female employees in operational management herein refers to the proportion of the number of female employees in the operational management function who have signed full- time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees in the operational management function who have signed full-time employment contracts. Percentage of minority employees ( ) Percentage of minority employees herein refers to the proportion of the number of ethnic minority employees who have signed full- time employment contracts with China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, excluding dispatched employees, to total number of the employees who have signed full-time employment contracts. Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme Number of patients cured under the Lifeline Express Programme herein refers to the number of patients who have undergone rehabilitation surgery in the Lifeline Express Programme, which was launched by China Healthy Express Foundation in reporting year and supported by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation. Number of patents applied for this year Number of patents applied for this year herein refers to the number of patent application documents submitted by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation to the China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions in this year. Number of authorised patents this year Number of authorised patents in this year herein refers to the number of patent authorisation certificates issued by China Intellectual Property Office and overseas national or regional intellectual property institutions obtained by China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation in this year. Summary of work performed A limited assurance engagement on the 2022 Sustainability Report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for the preparation of information presented in the Sustainability Report, and applying analytical and other procedures, as appr opriate. Our procedures include Assess the risk of material misstatement of selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report, whether through fraud or error; Conduct interviews with relevant staff at the Company who are responsible for providing the information in the Sustainability Report; Performing analytical review procedures on the selected 2022 key data relating to Sustainability Report; Sampling of selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Recalculating of 2022 selected key data relating to Sustainability Report; Reading the information presented in the Sustainability Report to determine whether it is in line with our overall k nowledge of, and experience with, the sustainability performance of the Company; and Perform other procedures deem necessary. The extent of the evidence gathering procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement is less than that for a reasonable assurance engagement, and therefore, a lower level of assurance is provided. In addition, our work was not undertaken for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company 's systems and procedures. V. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and the evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the selected 2022 key data contained in the Company 's Sustainability Report for the year ended 31 December 2022 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the basis of reporting. Environmental Aspect A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 3Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. KPI A4. 1Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equity opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. N ANote2 KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. Note 2 The indicator is not applicable, because the Company has calculated and disclosed the total recorded accident (incident) rate per 200, 000 working-hours and the fatal accident rate per 200, 000 working-hours in accordance with the OSHA standards instead. Strategy Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's business, strategy and financial planning where such information is material. Risk Management Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks. Metrics and Targets Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material. Community Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. KPI B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area. KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. Your opinions and suggestions are important to us and can help us improve the preparation of future reports. What other information do you think that should be included in this report? What are your suggestions that how we can better prepare our sustainable development progress report in the future? Organisation Title Tel E-mail Fax Office of the Board China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100728, PRC ContentVery good Good Fair PoorVery poor This report provides a complete and accurate description of the significant economic, social and environmental impacts of Sinopec Corp. This report responds to and discloses information about the concerns of stakeholders. The information, indicators and data disclosed in this report are clear, accurate and complete. This report is easy to read, i. e., its structure, content, wording and layout are well designed. com listco en This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper