ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Codes 2020 (HKD counter) and 82020 (RMB counter) KEEP MOVING ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2023 Core Values Mutualism with Consumers Mutualism with Employees Mutualism with Partners Mutualism with the Society Mutualism with the Environment Vision To become a leading multi-brand sportswear group in the world Mission To integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life KEEP MOVING TO A BETTER WORLD Core Values Mutualism with Consumers Mutualism with Employees Mutualism with Partners Mutualism with the Society Mutualism with the EnvironmentCONTENTS 4 Message from the Chairman 8 Statement of the Board 10 2023 Highlights 18 Building a Foundation Through Promoting Responsible Business Operation 52 Green Development for Ecological Conservation 78 Cooperation for Win-Win Results 90 Innovation for Robust Products 112 Diversity and Inclusion for People-Centered Development 130 Giving Back to Society by Supporting Public Welfare 140 Prospects 146 Appendix 172 Glossary Reporting Principles This is the ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our sustainability guidelines and ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across Mainland China from 1 January to 31 December 2023. In respect of climate information disclosure, we have referred to the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards issued by the ISSB and the Guidance on Climate Disclosures issued by the HKEX in preparation of the Report. The content of this Report is determined through a systematic materiality assessment process, covering key issues related to different stakeholders. For the purpose of this Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to thoroughly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues, evaluate the materiality, relevance and boundaries of the issues, and then determine the specific content of the Report. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu ANTA Shoes Co., Ltd. The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office building and FILA building in Xiamen, and office buildings in Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under self-operation in Mainland China. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Data Sources and Reliability Data and cases contained in this Report are obtained mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board on 26 March 2024 for publication. The vision of the company is to integrate the sports spirit of Going Beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life. Over the years, the company formed three brand groups Performance Sports Brands, Fashion Sports Brands and Outdoor Sports Brands, empowering everyone who loves sports. ANTA Sports is also the largest shareholder of Amer Sports, Inc., a global group of iconic sports and outdoor brands, including Arc teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance, and Atomic, whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE AS). php MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20234Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2023. During the financial year, we enhanced the Group s corporate governance by performing the roles of Chairman and CEO through separate management personnel. We are dedicated to creating a comprehensive internal sustainability governance system, establishing a clear ESG governance structure with distinct levels and defined responsibilities, driving the effective implementation of 5 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023sustainability strategies and objectives, and delivering sustainable value to all stakeholders. As a participant member of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), we pledged to support the 10 Principles of the UNGC as well as our unswerving support to the realization of 17 SDGs of the United Nations. During the financial year, we joined the UNGC s Forward Faster initiative, becoming one of the first Chinese companies to join this initiative and the only participant from the textile and apparel industry, and taking the lead in making commitments towards climate action. We also became a global signatory company member of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women s Empowerment Principles (WEPs) during the financial year, striving for gender equality and the empowerment of women in the workplace, market competition, and community life. During the financial year, we joined organizations such as the Leather Working Group (LWG) and Cascale (formerly known as the Sustainable Apparel Coalition), integrating sustainable development concepts into our procurement processes, continuously strengthening the requirements for raw material traceability, and ensuring that the raw materials and products meet production standards and ESG management requirements. We published the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook, further clarifying the management standards in the areas of labor rights, health and safety, environmental responsibility, and sustainability management system in an effort to create a mutualism platform for building an environment-friendly, healthy, safe and efficient supply chain. At the same time, we are also promoting the sourcing of sustainable raw materials and giving priority to suppliers with traceability and sustainability certification to create a green supply chain. During the financial year, we had a total of 801 suppliers and conducted over 400 ESG audits completed by both our internal audit team and third-party organizations. Internal and external audits accounted for 24. 4 and 75. 6 respectively. Through technology research and development, we continuously inject new strength into enhancing our competitive edge and empowering sustainable development. During the financial year, we launched various sustainable products, including the ANTA Training Series, FILA FITNESS Series, etc. In terms of circularity, we have recycled 570, 000 shoeboxes, 18 million sheets of shoe wrapping paper or packaging paper. During the financial year, our 2023 total GHG emission intensity reduced by 3. 6 to 3. 21 tons of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB, and total water consumption intensity reduced by 9. 0 to 24. 3 m 3 Revenue per million RMB, committing to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, and mitigating climate change. On the other hand, we conducted carbon audit for self-operated facilities and developed supply chain carbon reduction roadmap, by establishing carbon reduction target plan. Promoting Diversity and Inclusion, Accelerating Employee Development We consistently adhere to principles of fairness and justice, striving to create a diverse, inclusive, healthy, safe and open working environment. During the financial year, we published the Labor 7 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Policy, committed to protecting the labor rights and fundamental rights and interests of our staff and to build a diverse and inclusive talent system. The coverage rate of our employee training exceeded 95. Average hours per employee of training exceeded 29 hours per year. During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB59 million in cash and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) to different charities exceeded RMB250 million. Through the Sturdy Growth Charity Project, which has been implemented for many years, we have built 184 ADream Centers to provide teenagers with Adream courses. We also actively participated in volunteer services, with an accumulated service time over 30, 000 hours. On the global market stage, driven by innovation and unwavering determination, we will brave the winds and waves amidst challenges and adversities, implement benchmarking against high standards, achieve high-quality growth, and strive to develop into a leading multi-brand sportswear group in the world. Ding ShizhongChairmanHong Kong SAR, 26 March 2024 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 20238 While our business continues to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the sustainability management. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD 9 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Company s sustainability management approach, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. Mr. Zheng Jie, an Executive Director, ceased to be a member of the Sustainability Committee and Mr. Tsui Yeung, the chief executive officer of the Performance Sports Group, has been appointed as a member of the Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability Committee currently consists of two Executive Directors, four Independent Non-Executive Directors and two executives designated by the Board, and, being delegated (with relevant authorities) by the Board, is responsible for assisting the Board (i) to conduct effective governance and oversight of ESG matters; (ii) to formulate and review the Group s sustainability strategic objectives; (iii) to lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability; (iv) to identify, assess and manage material ESG risks; and (v) to coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to improve the quality of ESG information disclosure. The Board wishes the Group s ESG governance effectiveness would be enhanced through the change of composition of the Sustainability Committee. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impacts arising from ESG-related risks and opportunities. We have proactively launched ESG risk management related work and incorporated the identification and management of ESG risks into the Group s risk management system. As such, the Board, through the Sustainability Committee, oversees the assessment of ESG risks and opportunities (including those related to climate change), ensures that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal supervision mechanisms are in place, and continuously monitors the implementation of relevant risk management strategies and the work quality. The Sustainability Committee at the same time regularly monitors and tracks progress against agreed targets and initiatives and reports to the Board. In addition, to ensure the effective implementation of our sustainability strategy and to continuously improve our ESG management, we have incorporated ESG goals and indicators into the performance assessment of various key departments. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group s ESG performance objectively; Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either in text or in notes. This Report has been reviewed by the Sustainability Committee and approved by the Board. Published Labor Policy ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual Supplier Sustainability Management HandbookParticipated in Partners of Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi) United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) United Nations Women s Empowerment Principles (WEPs) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Leather Working Group (LWG) Cascale Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals (ZDHC) SOCIAL Our sustainable footwear and apparel products are close to 20 of overall order volume Launching Carbon Neutral Products of ANTA Storm Mecha Jacket and ANTA Champion Running Shoes 2. 0 Pro 60, 500 employees (male and female employees) 24. 8 and 75. 2 Female executives (director level and above) 36. 6 Employee training coverage rate over 95 Average hours per employee of training over 29 hours per year The number of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons is zeroENVIRONMENT Commit to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, and mitigating climate change Conducted carbon audit for self-operated facilities and developed supply chain carbon reduction roadmap, by establishing carbon assessment data management and carbon reduction target plan Our sustainable packaging is close to 20 of the total packaging material Recycled 570, 000 shoeboxes, 18 million sheets of shoe wrapping paper or packaging paper Assessing Carbon Footprint for three products Our first solar energy generation project is being implemented in our self-operated logistics center 3. 6 3. 21 tons of CO 2 equivalent Revenue per million RMBTotal GHG Emission IntensityTotal Water Consumption Intensity 9. 0 24. 3 m3 Revenue per million RMB 11 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Organized over 100 training sessions, reaching over 48, 000 individuals, to enhance the awareness of various stakeholders towards ESGConsistently implemented sustainability strategy and the 1 3 5 strategic goalsThe total number of suppliers 801 Tier 1 2 3 suppliers 267 370 164 Conducted over 400 ESG audits on 299 suppliers, with internal audits accounting for 24. 4 and external audits accounting for 75. 6, obtaining a grade of good or above accounts for more than 60 The leather used in ANTA and FILA s footwear products, as well as their leather suppliers, are all 100 LWG Gold certified, with over 90 of the leather materials can be traceable back to their origin Donated a total of RMB59 million in cash and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) to different charities exceeded RMB250 million Sturdy Growth Charity Project over the years donated over RMB820 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value), Established 184 ADream Centers, Trained 6, 270 frontline physical education teachers, Donated 49 ANTA fields, Organized 17 ANTA camps, covered more than 6. 62 million teenagers GOVERNANCE Enhanced the Group s corporate governance by performing the roles of Chairman and CEO through separate management personnel The Board six Executive Directors four Independent Non- Executive Directors, the proportion of female directors gradually increased to 20 2023 HIGHLIGHTS 2023 HIGHLIGHTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 12 Growing Revenue Potential Increasing Innovation Potential Maintaining an upward revenue trendContinuing to invest in R&D Definition of SustainabilityAnd where are we? Sustainability Overview OUR BUSINESS Multi-brand strategy010, 00020, 00030, 00040, 00050, 00070, 000 60, 000RMB million 201933, 92835, 51249, 32853, 65162, 356 2020 2021 2022 202303006009001, 2001, 5001, 800R&D costs (RMB million) 20197898711, 1161, 2791, 614 2020 2021 2022 2023 13 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Financial Performance Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased by 34. 9 to RMB 10. 2 BillionGross profit margin increased by 2. 4 points to 62. 6 Revenue increased by 16. 2 to RMB 62. 4 Billion Basic earnings per share increased by 30. 9 to RMB 3. 69Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 50. 7 GP Performance for 2023 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS 2023 HIGHLIGHTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 14 Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR stood at 164 (161) Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR and Macao SAR stood at 187 (191) Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Singapore stood at 1, 972 (1, 984) Operational Performance (As of 31 December 2023) Number of ANTA KIDS stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 2, 778 (2, 679) Number of ANTA stores in Mainland China and overseas stood at 7, 053 (6, 924) Performance for 2023 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS As of 31 December 2022 15 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Constituent Stock of Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML100 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 100 Index HSFML25 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large-Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSPOE Hang Seng China Private-owned Enterprises Index HSSCPOE Hang Seng SCHK China Private-owned Enterprises Index HSSSHSCHang Seng Shanghai-Shenzhen-Hong Kong (Selected Corporations) 300 Index HSSCC80 Hang Seng Stock Connect China 80 Index HSC500 Hang Seng Stock Connect China 500 Index HSCEA Hang Seng Stock Connect China Enterprises Index HSCGSI Hang Seng Consumption Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSNCON Hang Seng New Consumption Index HSIESGS HSI ESG Enhanced Index HSISUI HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSILOWC HSI Low Carbon Index HSC15TI Hang Seng Climate Change 1. 5 C Target Index HSCESGE HSCEI ESG Enhanced Index HSHKS50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index 2023 HIGHLIGHTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 16 2023 HIGHLIGHTS IPE RATINGSOur Ratings Our ESG Report Our Awards Awarded Sustainable Development Category Platinum and Carbon Management Category Silver by Quam IR Awards 2022Awarded Best ESG (E), Best ESG (S) and Best ESG (G) by Hong Kong Investor Relations AssociationRanked 26 th out of 742 global brands with a score of 53. 22 and 31st out of 1, 504 global brands with a score of 53. 60 respectively in the 2023 Green Supply Chain Corporate Information Transparency Index (CITI) and Corporate Climate Action Transparency Index (CATI) released by IPERanked ahead of 86 of approximately 190 global textiles, apparel and luxury goods companies in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA) Scores, selected into the Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition), and awarded Best Improvement in Industry by S&P Global in the textiles, apparel and luxury brand industry Awarded 2023 Sustainability Brand Model at HuxiuAwarded ISPO Functional Textile Fashion Trend Award at ISPO Munich 2023Awarded CarbonCare ESG Label 2023 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 2 and CarbonCare ESG Star Label 2023 s Continuous Commitment in Best Practice in ESG Reporting by CarbonCare Innovation Lab Awarded ESG Award at InnoESG Prize 2022 organized by SocietyNext Foundation Ratings and Awards CDP RATINGS Achieved a B rating in 2023 CDP Climate Change QuestionnaireMSCI ESG RATINGS Achieved a BBB rating in the MSCI s ESG ratingAchieved an A- rating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (HKQAA) Sustainability Rating 17 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023We are selected in Public Welfare Best Employer Awarded Liepin 2023 Extraordinary Employer Awarded Best ESG Employer in China 2023 by Aon ChinaAwarded 2023 Winner BEST Awards by the Association for Talent DevelopmentAwarded 2023 China Best Employers Nationwide Top 100 by ZhaopinAwarded the 12th China Charity Award by the Ministry of Civil Affairs Awarded Charity Enterprise of the Year and Model Foundation of the Year in the China Charity Ranking by the China Philanthropy Times Awarded Charity Case of the Year for the Sturdy Growth Charity Project Ratings and Awards 2023 Fortune China ESG Impact ListForbes China 2023 Annual ESG Inspiring CasesPeople s Daily ESG Case of the Year 2023UN SDG Summit Sustainable Development Industry Consensus Initiative s SDG Good Practice Database 2023 Forbes China Top 50 Innovative Companies ListESG Case of the Year 2023 at China CSR Summit Forum ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 18 Sustainable Development ESG Strategy We have set clear overall goals in terms of Environment, Social and Governance. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. SDGs ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTER ESG MATERIAL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTERCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBUSINESS ETHICS We consistently believe that responsible corporate governance is the cornerstone of a corporate s robust development. Our Goals Theme of Action 2023 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, drive economic development, and promote employment opportunity. Corporate governance Leap in Product QualityMaintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers long-term trust in the Company s brands. Innovation in craftsmanship and design Supporting circular fashion Strengthening product quality Improving customer service Caring for EmployeesCreate an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe working environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, dedicate to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future. Employment management Labor rights protection Employee remuneration and benefits Employee development and training Occupational health and safety Creating a Green Supply ChainContinue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain. Sustainable supply chain management Sustainable sourcing of raw materials Protecting the EnvironmentTake up responsibility for the environment, promote energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operation, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly tackle the risks of climate change. Value creation through mutualism Supporting sports development Public welfare and charity ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202320 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONESG Governance Structure We attach great importance to corporate sustainability and ESG management practices in our business operations. A closed ESG execution and management loop is formed covering strategy, objectives, organization and resources, performance and culture. Per different departments and corresponding functions, we link specific sustainability performance metrics, including environmental emission reduction targets, chemical safety management targets and staff training coverage, to executive variable compensation (e. g. bonuses) to further strengthen effective ESG governance. Sustainability DepartmentBoard The Sustainability Committee, being delegated (with relevant authorities) by the Board, assists the Board (i) to conduct effective governance and oversight of ESG matters; (ii) to formulate and review the Company s sustainability strategic objectives; (iii) to lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability; (iv) to identify, assess and manage material ESG risks; and (v) to coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related data and information to improve the quality of ESG information disclosure, so that the Group s ESG governance effectiveness would be enhanced. The Board assumes the overall responsibility for the Group s ESG matters and oversees the Group s ESG governance. The Sustainability Department is responsible for coordinating the ESG work of other departments, promoting the implementation and execution of the Company s sustainability strategic objectives, and preparing the annual ESG report. This composition of the committee ensures effective oversight of sustainability related risks and opportunities and the formulation of response strategies. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian (Executive Director) Committee members (Independent Non-Executive Directors) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian, Ms. Xia LianCommittee members (Executives Designated by the Board) Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group), Mr. Tsui Yeung (CEO of the Professional Sports Group)Committee member (Executive Director) Mr. Wu YonghuaSustainability Committee ESG Risk Management We have established an ESG risk management framework with the Board as the ultimate responsible body. The Sustainability Department conducts daily supervision and management of ESG risks from implementation aspect, advancing ESG risk management from top to bottom. In conjunction with existing ESG management practices, we further strengthen the identification, analysis and management of ESG risks. ESG risk management has been integrated into the Group s governance structure to form a more comprehensive overall risk management system. CollaborationSupervision ReportingAuthorization Reporting 23 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Governance LevelSustainability Committee Oversee the Group s ESG risk and opportunity management work, and regularly review quantitative indicators for climate risk management responses and financial impacts; Identify ESG risks and opportunities (including those related to climate change), assess their impact on the Group, and review the effectiveness of ESG risk management; Review annual ESG risks and, based on the Group s overall risk management objectives, risk preferences and risk tolerance, scrutinize and review annual ESG risk management strategies; Regularly report significant ESG risks and the respective management or response strategies to the Board. Execution LevelSustainability Department Responsible for conducting annual ESG risk assessment, assisting functional departments in implementing risk management measures, and conducting daily ESG risk supervision and management; Regularly report annual ESG risks and recommendations to the Sustainability Committee; Continuously review ESG data systems and enhance the reliability of ESG data, engage external third parties to conduct ESG audit or assurance works in the future, and formulate correction plans based on audit results; Regularly communicate with finance department on financial impacts resulting from ESG risks (e. g. climate change risk), and formulate corresponding response measures. Through the stakeholder engagement, we collect stakeholder feedback on ESG risks during the materiality assessment, and combining with the industry risk identification, sort out the material issues and regularly monitor the corresponding ESG risks. Having functional departments identify, assess and manage the risks with their respective business area and layer-by-layer upstream reporting to the Sustaina bility Department, the Sustainability Committee and the Board, we adopt a bottom-up approach to screen and prioritize various risks and build the ESG risk inventory. Through continuous reviews and evaluations of our practices in ESG management, we identify areas for necessary improvement to enhance ESG related risk management. We have identified the key and important ESG risks during the financial year. Aligning with various regulatory requirements and ESG rating indicators, we have established corresponding monitoring indicators and conducted regular reviews and assessments for each key and important ESG risk, so as to further enhance our ESG risk management. All identified ESG risks are associated with risk levels, with clear risk response measures and preventive mechanisms in place. Key Supplier compliance management system We have formulated a series of policies covering supplier integrity management requirements and signed the Integrity and Anti-Corruption Agreement with our suppliers. Through whole-process supplier management, we have improved the assessment and early-warning system of supply chain risks, and conducted audits and evaluations of the social responsibility standards of supply chains, including anti-corruption, to ensure the operational compliance of our suppliers; Business ethics training and management We have signed the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment with all our employees and included anti-corruption provisions in the Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal constraints on corruption; we also provide business ethics and anti-corruption courses and training for the Board, the management team, and employees, to strengthen the promotion and construction of a culture of integrity; Supervision and audit management We make strong efforts to supervise the disciplinary violations of our employees and urge them to honor the basic principle of integrity. Key Chemical safety management system We publicly disclose the ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual, continuously improve and revise the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications and the Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Chemical Safety Technical Specifications, and other chemical management systems to strengthen management of chemicals and associated risks; Chemical identification and phase-out We regularly identify all chemicals used in accordance with national laws, regulations and industry standards. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202326 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONRisk issues Type of risk Risk descriptionOrder of importanceResponse measures and preventive mechanism Human rights and labor rightsOperational risk Compliance riskEmployees human rights and labor rights protection Operational and compliance risks arising from insufficient alignment of employee s human rights with international standards. Key System of employee rights protection We have joined the UNGC as a participant member, developed an internal management system, actively fulfilled our basic responsibilities in the areas of human rights and labor standards, including prohibition of child labor and forced labor, protection of freedom of collective bargaining and association, and fostered an inclusive corporate culture in multiple dimensions; we establish indicators, including the number of compulsory labor dispute cases, and continuously track and assess them; Strengthening employee communication We have made available both online and offline channels, including suggestion box, cloud platform, whistleblowing mailbox, whistleblowing hotline, and the official WeChat account ANTA Integrity, to strengthen communication with employees, and annually commission an external organization to conduct engagement and satisfaction surveys on all employees to get their opinions and feedback. Strategy riskInvestment in environment-friendly treatment The increased spending on environment-friendly treatment will have a potential impact on the Company s operating costs and product prices, thus reducing the economic benefits of the Company. Key Reducing discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals We have developed a chemical phase-out plan and a chemical use list, and worked toward reducing or discontinuing the use of hazardous and restricted chemicals; Enhancing sustainability management of supply chain In the full process management of suppliers, we are enhancing environmental management requirements, which include sustainable standards for pollution prevention and emissions control. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202328 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONRisk issues Type of risk Risk descriptionOrder of importanceResponse measures and preventive mechanism Product quality and safetyOperational riskRisk associated with product quality Potential reputational risk caused by inadequate product quality and quality control, which may threaten business sustainability. Key Quality control system of product life cycle We have established standards such as the Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Chemical Safety Technical Specifications, the ANTA Recall Management Policy, and the Quality Management Manual. These standards define regulations for chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment and other aspects, ensuring the quality and safety of our products; we also set up risk indicators related to the quantity proportion of recalled products due to safety and health issues, as well as the number of product safety incidents or dispute events and monitor and assess them; Improving quality control mechanisms across all dimensions We continuously improve our quality control mechanisms through quality and safety certification and training, special quality inspection, product recall management and special management regime on chemical safety. Operational riskRisk associated with new materials The use of new materials (such as environment-friendly materials) may result in higher quality risks and costs. Key Enhancing R&D capability through the industry-university-research cooperation platform We have entered into cooperative relations with several industry partners and harnessed innovative technologies to improve the professional performance of ANTA products. We have also leveraged the industry-university-research cooperation platform to accelerate the training of professionals and the execution and results conversion of key R&D projects, and explored sports science, new materials, new technologies and new processes; Enhancing quality control capability We have achieved breakthroughs in product quality by strengthening the supplier quality control system, innovating inspection methods, developing differentiated supervision mechanism, and upgrading the consumer quality survey system and product modification mechanism. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Risk issues Type of risk Risk descriptionOrder of importanceResponse measures and preventive mechanism Health and safetyOperational riskRisk associated with changes in the health and safety requirements for workers Disasters and other external emergencies cause operational risks on the safety of employees at workplace, having a visibly negative impact on the normal business operation of the Company. Compliance riskRisk associated with occupational health and safety The use of chemicals, occupational diseases, and production in special positions threaten employees health and cause potential compliance risks. Key Occupational health and safety management system We have formulated the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Manual, the Occupational Health and Safety Regulations and the Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety, and put in place a well-rounded structure of safety production management, coordinated by the President, led by the administrative department and implemented by the Occupational Safety Leadership Group; we have obtained ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management Certification and possess occupational health and safety-related risk indicators, such as the number of workdays lost due to occupational illness; Building the safety management system We have put in place a safety management system covering safety prevention and control, safety protection facilities, safety training and education, safety emergency drills and safety incident handling. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202330 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONRisk issues Type of risk Risk descriptionOrder of importanceResponse measures and preventive mechanism Craftsmanship and product innovationStrategy riskProduct innovation and changing consumer preferences The identity of a professional sportswear and the challenge of technology innovation may make it difficult to meet the demands of new-generation consumers. Due to company product type and the nature, this emerging risk can lead to major impact to company business in the long term. Important Technological R&D and innovation We have set up a dedicated innovation fund to support R&D innovation across various brands; we have i ncreased our R&D investment, created more R&D positions, and used the total R&D expenditure and the number of R&D positions as risk monitoring indicators for continuous tracking and evaluation; Product design innovation Our design centers have been established worldwide, forming an international design team in collaboration with designers from around the world. This initiative aims to enhance innovative capabilities and deepen the culture of innovation. The innovative product designs have been successfully applied to products of several brands, including ANTA, DESCENTE, FILA, KOLON SPORT, and others. As the company with major business from industry of textiles and apparel, our products will encounter increasing requirement from environmental protection aspect. The company business will encounter long-term impact from the captioned emerging risk. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Risk issues Type of risk Risk descriptionOrder of importanceResponse measures and preventive mechanism Climate changeOperational riskOperational risk associated with climate change Climate change leads to changes in the market environment and regulatory requirements, and puts operational pressure on the supply chain stability and production, with possible consequences of rising costs. Important Establishing the governance structure We have put in place an ESG management structure with the Board as the ultimate responsible body to provide effective oversight of issues including climate change response, and established a governance structure with the Sustainability Committee taking up the responsibility for identifying and assessing climate risks and opportunities, developing climate risk response strategy, and evaluating the Company s annual performance in delivering the energy conservation carbon reduction targets and other climate change and energy-related key performance indicators; Establishing scenario analysis to identify risk Based on our business sectors, we have integrated scenarios from the IPCC, NGFS, and various scenarios such as 1. 5 C and 2 C. We have constructed three climate scenarios for the short term (0 5 years), medium term (6 10 years), and long term (up to 2050). These scenarios involve assessments of physical environmental and socio-economic conditions, providing a foundation for identifying key climate parameters; we regularly monitor and assess the impact of climate change, such as typhoons and floods, on financial, marketing, and other risk indicators for the Company; Setting strategic goals for coexisting with the environment We have set 1 3 5 strategic goals, aiming to achieve the objective of carbon neutrality by 2050, to drive the Company s low-carbon development in the long term. Important Building the matrix of information security management systems We have formulated a series of internal information security management policies and conducted regular reviews and updates to enhance the information security management system matrix; Conducting audits on information security We have set up a Personal Information Protection Office at the supervisory level to coordinate the management of personal information protection in the Company, and conduct annual Company-wide internal audits and external audits by qualified third parties; Systematic assessment and certification We have obtained ISO 27001 certification. Operational riskRisk associated with supplier compliance Inadequate supplier audit, certification and performance management assessment may produce suppliers with low supply chain transparency as well as ESG risks, including labor risks and environmental governance, thus affecting the Company s production and reputation. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023By implementing a series of ESG risk management protective measures and conducting relevant training, we are committed to promoting effective risk management culture throughout the entire Company in the long term. This ensures that all members within the organization understand the importance of corporate risk management while enhancing the Company s risk management procedures. In terms of training, we regularly update the directors (including non-executive directors) on the latest developments and provide training on ESG risk management. Progress on Sustainability Initiatives We continue to undertake ESG initiatives and actively participate in international initiatives. By aligning corporate ESG strategies with business practices, we expand diversified sustainable development initiatives, continually enhancing our performance in sustainable development. This initiative focuses on five major areas gender equality, climate action, living wage, water resilience and sustainable finance and investment, aiming to accelerate corporate progress and commitment towards achieving sustainable development goals. As one of the first Chinese companies to join this initiative and the only participant from the textile and apparel industry, we are committed to driving sustainability throughout the entire industry value chain, striving for greater breakthroughs in the vision of sustainable development. This partnership was a joint response to the values of a shared human destiny. We supported the UN Sustainable Development Goal 4 (Quality Education) and Goal 17 (Partnerships for the Goals), endorsing global humanitarian action. As the first Chinese sportswear company to join WEPs, we pay tribute to women s outstanding contributions and commit to taking proactive measures to implement the seven specific principles of WEPs. These efforts aim to promote gender equality and empower women in the workplace, market competition and community life. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. External stakeholdersStakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Investment return Corporate governance Information disclosureAttended one-on-one meetings, non-deal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified products Well-rounded customer services Seamless communication channelsConducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier supportConducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growthHosted trade fairsOrganized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anti-corruptionOrganized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Tax payment in accordance with the law Driving regional economic developmentOrganized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&D and innovation Intellectual propertyEnsured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailor-made, on-demand products Athletes Product performance Product R&D and innovationSponsored athletes competition outfit and equipment ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202338 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONInternal stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Directors Corporate governance Anti-corruption Risk managementParticipated in Board meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact managementParticipated in the decision making and operations of the Company, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anti-corruptionEngaged in surveys and participated in online and face-to-face staff activities ESG Issues Materiality We conduct materiality assessment or review on an annual basis, engage an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholder surveys to collect stakeholders feedback and conduct a materiality analysis to prioritize issues. Through stakeholder surveys, we also collect stakeholders concerns about ESG risks and integrate the materiality analysis into the overall corporate risk management, so as to provide reference for the Company to improve ESG and related risk management and better respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. Analysis Progress of Materiality DeterminationReview and confirmation The evaluation results of the materiality issues were submitted to the Sustainability Committee for review, confirmation and approval Issue assessment Based on the results of the stakeholder survey, we summarized the issue scores, and established a materiality matrix based on their rankings in the Importance to ANTA Sports and Importance to Stakeholders dimensions Stakeholder participation We collected questionnaires from investors, suppliers, customers, employees, and other internal and external stakeholders, to fully understand the focus of both internal and external stakeholders on ESG issues Issue identification Based on the Company s development strategy and business model, alongside national policies, capital market requirements, and industry development trends, we identified 27 ESG issues by analyzing the areas of concern of all stakeholders and comparing with peer s actions4 STEP FOUR 3 STEP THREE 2 STEP TWO 1 STEP ONE 39 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023ANTA ESG Material Issues 2023 Materiality Topic Category Issues Key Issues Governance Business ethics Environmental Use of chemicals and discharge Social Human rights and labor rights Environmental Waste gas and waste water discharge Social Product quality and safety Social Health and safety Important IssuesGovernance Corporate governance Social Staff welfare Social Craftsmanship and product innovation Social Customer relations management Environmental Climate change Social Data privacy and protection Social Supply chain managementMateriality Topic Category Issues Social Staff development and training Social Diversity and inclusion Environmental GHG emissions Social Sustainable consumption Social Intellectual property management Social Responsible marketing Environmental Use of energy Environmental Use of packaging materials Environmental Use of water resources Environmental Product life cycle Environmental Sustainable raw material sourcing Environmental General waste discharge Fundamental Issues Environmental Biodiversity and land use Social Social investmentOur Materiality Matrix in 2023 Social Governance Environmental Key Issues Important Issues Fundamental IssuesImportance to Stakeholders Importance to ANTA SportsBusiness ethics Biodiversity and land use Social investmentHuman rights and labor rights Supply chain managementStaff welfare Diversity and inclusionData privacy and protection Product quality and safety Health and safetyWaste gas and waste water dischargeProduct life cycle Use of water resources Climate changeUse of packaging materials General waste dischargeSustainable raw material sourcingGHG emissions Use of energyUse of chemicals and discharge Corporate governance Staff development and training Sustainable consumptionCustomer relations managementCraftsmanship and product innovation Responsible marketingIntellectual property management ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202340 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONThe Top Three Issues Concerned by Key Stakeholders Employees Suppliers Consumers Distributors Investors Government 1Staff welfare Product quality and safetyProduct quality and safetyProduct quality and safetyCorporate governanceUse of chemicals and discharge 2Health and safety Human rights and labor rightsData privacy and protectionStaff welfare Business ethics Craftsmanship and product innovation 3Business ethics Business ethics Waste gas and waste water dischargeHealth and safety Product quality and safetyWaste gas and waste water discharge Corporate Governance Governance Structure The Company recognises the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, earning the confidence of Shareholders and the public. The Company regularly reviews its corporate governance practices to ensure its continuous compliance. Currently, the Board comprises 10 Directors, including six Executive Directors and four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all policy matters, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and monitoring of the performance of management team. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the overall interests of the Company as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversity Composition Diversified Governance We are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the website of the Company (ir. anta. com) and the HKEXnews website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www. hkexnews. hk). Before a Board committee meeting starts, all members of the Board committee shall declare their interests 41 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Committee DirectorAudit CommitteeNomination CommitteeRemuneration CommitteeRisk Management CommitteeSustainability Committee Mr. Ding Shizhong Mr. Ding ShijiaMr. Bi Mingwei Member Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen Chairman Member Chairman Member Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen Member Chairman Chairman Member Ms. Wang Jiaqian Member Member Member Member Member Ms. Xia Lian Member Member Member Member Member The Sustainability Committee comprises one chairman and seven members, including Mr. YIU W ai Hung (CEO of Fashion Sports Group) and Mr. Tsui Yeung (CEO of the Professional Sports Group). In case a member of the Board committee (or his associate) has a material interest in a matter to be discussed and or a resolution to be approved during a meeting, other members of the Board committee, for the purpose of avoidance of conflict of interests, shall consider and decide if the member shall abstain from voting in the resolutions and or be absent from the meeting. The committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and are able to seek, at the Company s expenses, independent professional advice as necessary. The committees are able to invite relevant personnel within the Company to attend meetings, and to obtain any information that they require from any other committees and or departments, if they consider necessary, in order to perform their duties. The committees may invite external advisers with relevant experience and expertise to participate and attend committee meetings as and when necessary, and they can review and approve the advisory fees and other terms of engagement of the external advisers. None of the Independent Non-Executive Directors have informed the Company that there is any change of circumstances which have affect his her independence during the financial year. Currently, none of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, individually, held directorships in seven or more listed public companies (including the Company) or has served for more than nine years. The policy aims to set out the NameMr. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Diversity on the Board can be achieved through consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Xia Lian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Female Age 53 59 49 53 55 51 63 67 45 45 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2023) 16 years 16 years 16 years 16 years 14 years 2. 5 years 5. 5 years 3 years 2. 5 years 1. 5 years Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Informational management (i) Investor relations (j) Law (k) Manufacturing (l) Other listed board experience role (m) Operational management (n) Risk management (o) Sales and marketing (p) Supply chain management (q) Treasury management ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202344 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONThe Board contains a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group s business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement. Board practice is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. Independent Non-Executive Directors are industry practitioners or experts in the Group s business, or have other skills and experience in other areas which enhance the Board members balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives. The Nomination Committee has conducted the annual review of the Board composition. The Nomination Committee (and the Board) recognises the importance and benefits of gender diversity at the Board level, and shall continue to take initiatives to identify more female candidate(s) to further enhance the gender diversity among the Board members with a target of 30 women in the Board by the end of 2030. At the same time, we value diversity at the employee level (including senior management), committing to the principle of meritocracy and respecting employees personal choices, regardless of gender, age, religious beliefs, nationality, etc. The proportion of executive directors in the board is 60, while independent directors constitute 40; The Board had two female directors with the proportion of female directors gradually increasing to 20; The ages of Board members ranged from 45 67; A total of four Board members holds executive positions in no more than four other listed companies, including Ms. Wang Jiaqian, who has experience of strategic business operation in the same industry 1 as ANTA SPORTS and currently holds an executive position. The classification standard of the industry refers to the Global Industr y Classification Standard (Level 1). To this end, the Company has adopted an Anti-corruption Policy to complement all applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations and to achieve the Company s desired anti-corruption culture. We became a participant member of the UNGC in 2021, committing to the 10 principles including human rights, labor standards, environment, and anti-corruption, etc. The Company (including any Directors and employees) should comply with the relevant anti-corruption laws and regulations in the PRC (including the Supervision Law of the PRC), Hong Kong SAR and other countries or regions as applicable. The Company prohibits all forms of political contributions that contravene the legal requirements of the countries or regions as applicable. The anti-corruption policy is applicable to all Directors (including the Independent Non-Executive Directors), all employees of the Group at all levels, external parties having business dealings with the Group (including suppliers, services providers, business partners, etc.) and persons acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group (e. g. agents, consultants, and contractors of the Group). Directors and employees of the Group shall uphold at all times the Group s core value of integrity, honesty, fairness, impartiality and ethical business practices. Directors and employees of the Group should not accept any advantage from any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group, whether or not any undue favor is involved. If a Director or an employee is unsure as to whether the acceptance of an advantage could (i) affect the proper discharge of his duties or (ii) place such Director or employee ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202346 BUILDING A FOUNDATION THROUGH PROMOTING RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS OPERATIONunder an obligation to act against the Group s interests, he should always decline to accept the advantage. Directors and employees of the Group shall avoid any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest with the Group and should declare any conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest as appropriate. Directors and employees of the Group shall not give any advantage to any person, company or organization having business dealings with the Group for inappropriate advantage or any other illegitimate purpose. Directors and employees of the Group shall not, in their personal capacity or acting in an agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group, provide any form of facilitation payments to any individual or entity. Any breach of the Anti-corruption Policy should be reported to the Company through reporting channels under the Whistleblowing Policy of the Company, whether it is known who may be responsible for the breach or how it may have occurred. The Company takes reports of corruption seriously, and may conduct investigations pursuant to the Whistleblowing Policy of the Company if necessary. Material incidents relating to breaches of the Anti-corruption Policy shall be brought to the attention of the Board by the Risk Management Committee. Internal Audit Function The Group s internal audit function is performed by our internal audit department. The department plays an important part in the assessment of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and reports directly to the Risk Management Committee on a regular basis. The internal audit department conducts audit on material controls, compliance with policies and procedures of the Group at both operational and corporate levels. Plans and tools for corrective actions and control improvements would be identified and communicated with operations management to address any issues, non-compliance or deficiencies identified. The department further monitors the implementation of its recommendations by the operations management and reports the outcome to the Risk Management Committee. The internal audit department is also responsible for substantial contract review to identify risks behind and provide recommendation to the operations management. The internal audit department regularly attends the Risk Management Committee meetings and reports their work. Significant findings (including any findings of substantial contract review and non-compliance or irregularity matters) can be reported directly and freely to the Risk Management Committee. The Risk Management Committee ensures sufficient resources (including annual budget and staffing) are allocated to the internal audit department for effective fulfilment of work objectives and responsibilities, and provides all necessary support. These systems provide detailed provisions regarding the professional competence, objectivity, independence, fairness, discipline, violation penalties, and related work procedures for auditors and supervisors, and parties involved can make complains to the Risk Management Committee if they have any objections. Third-party auditors conduct audits covering the entire Group, continually enhancing the Group s compliance level. In addition, we conduct audits covering all operational activities of the Group on an annual basis regarding anti-corruption and business ethics matters, including 47 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023audits on control procedures regarding treasury management and procurement to prevent corruption and bribery. We at the same time through methods such as audits, inspections, investigations, and supervision, continuously monitor the business ethical standard of internal and partners. For our employees, we link their compliance with our code of conduct to their remuneration and performance appraisal. All of our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and we have added anti-corruption clauses in our standard Employees Labor Contract to strengthen internal anti-corruption measures. During the financial year, we have strengthened the supervision of employees personal disciplinary violations and urged them to honor the basic principle of integrity. We have explored innovative forms of education, such as the promotion video on integrity culture, the animation Healthy Workplace and online quiz of anti-corruption knowledge and promoted their dissemination through our corporate account on social media, special website on corporate culture and the Company s video channels. Supply Chain Integrity Management Integrity is a core value of the Company and the foundation for achieving mutually beneficial development with our suppliers. Upholding a zero tolerance policy towards corrupt practices, we are committed to collaborating with suppliers to construct a fair and clean business environment. We also signed Integrity and Anti-Corruption Agreement with suppliers and received integrity undertakings Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we organized integrity culture advocacy training for the board, management, employees (including part-time employees and contractors), and external suppliers, with a coverage rate of 100. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we have No corruption-related litigation cases occurred. The signing rate of the Integrity and Anti-Corruption Agreement by suppliers reached over 75. All reported cases have been investigated and handled by dedicated personnel following the Group s policies, and we also provided training for employees. Whistleblowing Policy The Group is committed to achieving and maintaining the high probity standards and ethical business practices and encouraging reporting of concerns of actual or suspected misconduct or malpractice by any employees and or external parties in any matter related to the Group. The identity of the whistleblower would be treated with the strictest confidence. The whistleblowing system established under the policy is intended to build a culture of openness and transparency in the Group; to maintain internal corporate justice; to encourage employees and other persons or entities dealing with the Group to raise concerns about possible improprieties relating to the Group and to provide them with confidential reporting channels for such purposes; and 49 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 to enable the Group to detect and deter or remedy a misconduct or malpractice in the Group before serious damage is caused. The Whistleblowing Policy is applicable to all employees of the Group at all levels and to other persons or entities who deal with the Group (e. g. customers and suppliers). Whistleblowers may choose to report a misconduct to the designated ethics officers (being the Chairman and the chairman of the Risk Management Committee) or the Group s internal audit department. For further details of the Whistleblowing Policy, please refer to the full text of the policy which is published on the Company s website (ir. anta. com). We also have dedicated investigators with professional skills to investigate and handle whistleblowing reports and notify whistleblowers of the results where permitted by law. The Company strictly prohibits any retaliation, including any unjust disciplinary actions or dismissals due to whistleblowing, and will make the best effort to take reasonable measures to protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Persons who victimize or retaliate against those who have genuinely raised concerns in good faith under this policy will be subject to disciplinary actions. Should circumstances arise in which the Company is required to disclose the whistleblower s identity, the Company will, to the extent permitted by law, endeavor to protect the reasonable interest of the whistleblower. Through assessing the appropriateness, adequacy and effectiveness of the contents, as well as launching internal reviews on an annual basis, we continuously revise the relevant policies. During the financial year, we completed amendments to 37 clauses in our information security management system. In addition, we formulated Personal Information Security Incident Emergency Response Manual and revised documents such as the Personal Information Protection Management Policy and the Employee Personal Information Protection Implementation Rules to further enhance the security management of corporate data and personal information, and to incorporate privacy protection risks into the Group s overall risk management system. At the supervisory level, we established the Personal Information Protection Office as the data security management entity. This office is responsible for formulating strategies for data security and personal information protection, reviewing and making decisions on significant matters, and overseeing the execution of related tasks. In order to better manage potential information security risks, we conduct checks regularly and make timely corrections on information system vulnerabilities and unauthorized access to personal privacy. We prioritize regular information security testing, including quarterly vulnerability scans and risk assessments using industry-leading tools, and penetration testing to identify remediation and improvement measures. During the financial year, we invited professional external security companies to conduct attack and defense drills, simulating actual attack scenarios and cover multiple attack paths, to further enhance the information security team s defense capabilities against various cyber attacks. During the financial year, we engaged a qualified third-party organization to carry out an external audit for ISO 27001 information security, covering all areas related to information security management. We completed the Group-wide internal audit during the financial year, and also consistently performed internal reviews and assessments related to information security and personal privacy protection. During the financial year, the overall situation of our internal audit complies with the requirements of the information security management system, and no significant non-compliance issues were identified. Information Security Incident Response Through employee reporting and the involvement of the Personal Information Protection Office, we have been able to respond and resolve information security incidents in a timely manner. In accordance with internal regulations such as the Personal Information Security Incident Emergency Response Manual and the Information Security Incident Management Policy, if there is any suspicion of personal security-related incidents, employees can report following the specified procedures. The information security department will organize different degrees of investigation, evaluation, processing, reporting, and summarizing based on the level of the incident; and the Personal Information Protection Office will arrange for the relevant department to handle the incident according to the emergency response plan. Information and Digitalization jointly serve as the heads of personal information protection. The Sustainability Committee reviews the Group s information security issues and reports to the Board. Our measures include building an ISO 27001 information security management system, a data leakage prevention system, performing penetration testing, conducting offensive and defensive drills, implementing proactive and passive defense plans, and taking measures such as security monitoring, threat warning, and emergency response for core systems to trace abnormal behavior. Ensuring Information and Privacy Security We have implemented a series of measures at both the hardware and software levels to ensure the security of core information and data. These measures include the use of dynamic passwords, data locking to prevent copying, unauthorized channel control, etc. During the financial year, major updates have been made in strengthening identity and access management, including the implementation of multi-factor authentication, detailed permission controls, and enhanced monitoring of privileged accounts. In the event of information theft cases, we enforce 51 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Emergency Response and Reporting Handling Process Personal Information Protection Office and the information security department handle the incident; Keep record of the incident, including the basic information of the incident, the personal information and number of people involved, the name of the system where the incident occurred, the impact on other interconnected systems, and whether law enforcement agencies or relevant departments have been contacted; Assess the possible impact of the in cident and take necessary measures to control the situation and eliminate potential hazards; Report the incident in accordance with the provisions of the Emergency Plan for National Network Security Incidents, including the overall situation of the subject of personal information, possible impact of the incident, measures taken or to be taken for handling the incident, and contact information of the personnel involved in handling the incident; Organize the notification of the security incident. During the financial year, we launched information security training for all new and existing employees, including requiring new employees to complete information security courses and pass examinations at the induction stage, as well as organizing special training courses and security tests for existing employees on topics such as information security and personal information protection. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we have not experienced any information security incidents or lawsuits related to personal information protection, nor have we received any complaints related to personal information protection. We have identified zero information security vulnerabilities or other network security incidents. The total amount of fines paid due to related information security vulnerabilities or other network security incidents is zero. The total number of data breaches is zero, with no employees affected by data breaches. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202352SDGs ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTER ESG MATERIAL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTERCLIMATE CHANGEGHG EMISSIONSUSE OF ENERGYBIODIVERSITY AND LAND USEGENERAL WASTE DISCHARGEUSE OF PACKAGING MATERIALSWASTE GAS AND WASTE WATER DISCHARGEUSE OF WATER RESOURCESGREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION Climate change poses potential risks to global social and economic development and simultaneously threatens the stability of business operations and asset security. We are committed to incorporating sustainability into corporate activities and decision-making. This approach aims to conserve energy, resources, and reduce emissions and waste generation. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Combating Climate Change As an enterprise at the forefront of addressing climate change and promoting green growth, we actively explore the economic opportunities and challenges that climate change may bring to our business. This framework is also applicable to the management of climate change-related risks. ESG risks, including climate change risks, have been integrated into the Group s risk management framework and system. The Board, as the decision-making body, has the ultimate and overall responsibility on the Group s climate change related matters and the management of its risks and opportunities, with supervising on the Sustainability Committee s work and receipt of the committee s reporting. The Sustainability Committee, with responsibility for climate-related issues, assists the Board in establishing strategic objectives based on the identification of climate-related risks and opportunities. It collaborates in allocating responsibilities, costs, and resources, conducts daily supervision and reporting on the progress of specific management tasks and objectives, ensuring the effective implementation of climate change-related initiatives. Under the guidance of the Sustainability Committee, the Sustainability Department collaborates with relevant responsible people of each department and business unit to promote the identification and assessment of climate change risks, the assessment of financial impacts, and the implementation of related management strategies. This ensures proactive anticipation, effective decision-making, and active engagement in climate change action. Strategy In order to better understand the impact of climate change on our business, we carefully assess the physical risks, transition risks and opportunities of climate change on business marketing of the significant component of our business. In relation to our business segments and with reference to the climate scenarios proposed by the United Nations IPCC, NGFS and other institutions, we have constructed three climate scenarios, i. e. 1. 5 C scenario, 2 C scenario and 3 C scenario, for the short-term (0-5 years), medium-term (6-10 years) and long-term (up to 2050) timeframes. The scenario-based assessment of the physical environment and socioeconomic environment lays the foundation for identifying key climate parameters, and provides the basis for further identifying the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on our business, strategy and financial planning. The impact of climate-related risks and opportunities were assessed respectively for short-term, medium-term and long-term to determine priority for further risk management. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202354 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONClimate Scenario Construction Name of scenarioDescription of scenario Scenario of reference 1. 5 C scenario- Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 1. 5 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, but the frequency and intensity of severe climate events begin to stabilize at a new normal. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, companies face more stringent compliance requirements on carbon reduction targets, green electricity use, carbon price mechanism coverage, and low-carbon procurement, global energy transformation picks up pace and a power system driven mainly by clean electricity takes shape in 2030, consumers start to pay attention to the carbon information of products and become more conscious of sustainable consumption.- IPCC SSP1-1. 9 - NGFS Net Zero 2050 - WBCSD 1. 5 C Societal Transformation Scenario 2 C scenario- Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 2 C, climate impacts can be clearly felt globally, the frequency and intensity of extreme weather increases significantly before and after 2030, some high-risk areas are clearly affected by climate events, but governments are taking systematic adaptation measures to deal with the impact. Socioeconomic impact Climate targets and policies get strengthened in all countries, voluntary carbon reduction targets are issued by most enterprises, the compliance requirements for energy-intensive industries become more stringent, the carbon pricing mechanism is not expanded to more industries, global energy transformation picks up pace, consumers are more conscious of sustainable consumption but less capable of making consumption.- IPCC SSP2-2. 6 - NGFS Delayed Transition - WBCSD Forecast Policy Scenario 3 C scenario- Physical impact Temperature rise is kept within 3 C, climate impacts can be strongly felt globally, with notable increase in frequency and intensity, climate change impacts most regions and populations in the world, and the response measures taken by governments are temporary rather than systematic. Socioeconomic impact The climate targets and policies adopted by countries have not been further strengthened, only some enterprises have issued voluntary carbon reduction targets, and the supply chain is not sufficiently motivated to cut carbon emissions; global energy transition is slow, clean energy is not sufficiently available, and the purchase of non-essential consumer goods by consumers is significantly reduced.- IPCC SSP2-4. 5 - NGFS Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) 55 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Identification of Climate Risks and Opportunities Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Physical riskAcute riskTyphoonFujian, China, Guangdong, China and other southeast coastal areas are typical landing spots of typhoons. Some products may face disruptions in logistics and transportation, leading to delayed deliveries or damages. Increased frequency of floods may disrupt highway traffic, jeopardizing the logistics and transportation of certain products. Chronic riskExtreme changes in rainfall patterns and weather patternsIncreased frequency of extreme weather patterns such as floods, typhoons and thunderstorms caused by climate change will have a significant impact on agriculture, may result in increased costs for natural fibers such as cotton. Extreme weather events, such as heavy rainfall, may also affect product quality, leading to potential losses in the Group s operating revenue. Average temperature riseThe rise in average temperature caused by climate change may affect the yield of agricultural products, which may lead to a reduction in production of natural fibers such as cotton in the long term, pushing up the purchase price and eventually affecting corporate revenues; The increase in hot weather may lower the work efficiency of employees and jeopardize their health and safety, pushing up the expenses of high-temperature subsidies and medical care as well as may suppress demand for outdoor sports, resulting in lower consumer demand for outdoor products. In accordance with the TCFD, the ISSB, and the HKEX Reporting Guide, we conducted group-wide business assessment for risks and opportunities followed by departmental interviews during the financial year. This multi-disciplinary management program identified and analyzed climate change-related risks and opportunities based on the actual business units and operations of the Group. This includes two categories of four potential physical risks, four categories of eight potential transition risks, and four categories of eight potential opportunities identified through a combination of existing management measures and improvement directions. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202356 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONType of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition riskPolicy and legal riskHigher pricing for GHG emissionsUnder a carbon-reduction scenario, the consumer goods sector may be further incorporated into the carbon pricing mechanism in Mainland China s carbon trading market; the EU is already planning to issue a carbon border tax requirement for the textile industry. A carbon price could set the direction for the market and encourage low-carbon energy consumption and innovation in low-carbon technologies. If the Group emits more GHG emissions than it is allowed to, it will incur extra operating costs in the long term. Enhanced emissions reporting obligationsANTA Sports is listed on the HKEX. Existing requirements and regulation of products and servicesThe requirements and regulation of products and services may drive up the cost of professional training for the Group s sales personnel; Government or industry associations may impose increasingly stringent requirements on the energy consumption standards of the products and the carbon intensity of the industry, including possible requirement for the carbon footprint label of products or carbon intensity per unit weight of product, or even phasing out high-emission products. Technology riskFailure on new technology investmentAt various stages, including the product design phase, the failure of investments in clean and low-carbon technologies may lead to extra investment for the Group. Cost of low-carbon technology transitionAs a leading company, ANTA Sports is expected to undertake greater obligations of carbon emission reduction and in the product design phase will face greater energy saving and carbon reduction technology investment; in addition, new technologies and processes required for low-carbon production will lead to the replacement and iteration of existing equipment, which will bring down the value of corporate assets. Market riskRising costs of raw materialsThe increased frequency of floods, typhoons, thunderstorms, and extreme high low temperatures weather caused by climate change will push up the prices of natural fibers and other raw materials required for our production, which will increase the procurement cost of raw materials and may ultimately affect our revenue. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning Transition riskReputational riskChange in consumer preferenceAs the impact of climate change becomes increasingly significant, and the concept of sustainable development deepens, consumers willingness to engage in green consumption is growing. Consumers are inclined to purchase more environment-friendly and sustainable products and services. Increased stakeholder concerns and negative feedbackAn increasing number of investors are highly concerned about corporate climate change actions in line with ESG investment criteria such as the Principles for Responsible Investment, and are increasingly concerned about corporate climate risk and carbon emission performance and targets. OpportunityResource efficiencyAdopting more efficient transportation methodsBy optimizing the logistics and transportation structure and routes, implementing new energy vehicle procurement for transportation to enhance logistics efficiency and reduce energy consumption. Recycling and reuseBy embedding requirements for circularity and low carbon throughout the entire life cycle of the product, including packaging design, production, use, and recycling, we can effectively reduce the product s carbon footprint and raw material consumption. This not only lowers the procurement costs of raw materials but also maximizes the reduction of envir onmental impact. Transition to more efficient buildingsBy improving the energy resource efficiency of both new and existing buildings, we can effectively reduce energy resource consumption and decrease operational costs. For instance, adopting green building design standards, including LEED, for logistics and warehouse facilities enhances climate change adaptability, leading to reduced mid-to-long-term operational expenditures. Using more efficient production and distribution processesBy adopting high-energy-efficient production equipment and processes, establishing green factories and digitally intelligent workshops, and optimizing process management and operational efficiency, we can reduce GHG emissions. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202358 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONRisk Management We have incorporated climate risk management into our strategy and enterprise risk management, and the Sustainability Committee is responsible to coordinate the implementation of climate-related risk management in all departments and business units. For the purpose of comprehensive management of risks and opportunities associated with climate change, we conduct extensive research on climate change trends in the operational regions of us, industry risk reports, and other relevant data. Through interviews and surveys, we integrated multi-disciplinary departments to conduct group-wide analysis of the potential impacts of climate change on business operations, as well as the potential financial consequences with assessment criteria including likelihood, impact, time-horizon (short-term, medium-term and long-term) and so on. This approach allows us to subsequently rank identified climate-related risks and opportunities based on their significance and further determine priority. Type of riskInfluencing factorImpact on business, strategic and financial planning OpportunityGoods and servicesDiversification of business activitiesWe focus on diversifying our business, product, and brand portfolio around sports products, employing a multi-brand and omnichannel strategy to enhance brand competitiveness and seize market opportunities. Energy sourcesUsing low-carbon energyBy utilizing clean energy in major energy-consuming segments, such as production operations and logistics transportation, and promoting low-carbon technologies and the application of new energy equipment, we can improve our efficiency and reduce operating costs. ResilienceResource substitution diversificationBy incorporating diverse resource applications, including sustainable materials, the Group can reduce dependence on specific energy resources, lower raw material costs, enhance supply chain stability, and strengthen resilience to climate risks. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Risk Type Priority Category Influencing Factors Physical RisksP1 Acute Risk Typhoon P2 Chronic RiskExtreme changes in rainfall patterns and weather modes P3 Acute Risk Flood P4 Chronic Risk Average temperature increase Transition RisksT1 Technological Risk Investment failure in new technologies T2 Market Risk Rise in raw material costs T3 Technological Risk Cost of transitioning to low-carbon technologies T4 Policy and Legal RisksRequirements and regulations for existing products and services T5 Reputation Risk Shift in consumer preferences T6 Reputation RiskIncreasing stakeholder concerns and negative feedback T7 Policy and Legal Risks Increased GHG emission pricing T8 Policy and Legal Risks Enhanced emission reporting obligations OpportunitiesO1 Resource Efficiency Adopting more efficient transportation methods O2 Resource Efficiency Recycling and reuse O3 Products and ServicesDeveloping and or increasing low-carbon products and services O4 Energy Source Using low-carbon energy sources O5 Resource Efficiency Transitioning to more efficient buildings O6 Resource EfficiencyUsing more efficient production and distribution processes O7 Products and Services Diversifying business activities O8 Resilience Resource substitution diversificationBusiness Impact List for Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Impact Stage Product Design and Quality Production and Operations Logistics and Transportation Product Sales Short-term Medium-term Long-term Transition Risks Opportunities Physical Risks T1 P2 P4 O8 O4O7O6O3O2 T7T2T3T6T4 T5 T8 P1P3 O1O5 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202360 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONIn response to various types of climate change-related risks, we have developed specific measures for our operational practices. For physical risks such as typhoons, floods, and extreme weather events, we have established comprehensive emergency responsive plans applying for various production and operational management modules, and regularly review the effectiveness of climate emergency responsive plans and management to ensure the stable operation. We conducted carbon footprint assessments and implemented energy conservation and other related plans drive green and low-carbon development in the value chain and consumer sectors. While enhancing our climate adaptability and sustainable competitiveness, we actively respond to the green development trend, promoting the low-carbon development of our business. Metrics and Targets Based on the assessment of climate change risks and potential opportunities and our commitment to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, we fully recognize the impact of climate risks and opportunities on our operations. Climate risk parameters, including changes in total precipitation, maximum of typhoon wind speed and the number of earthquakes within past 10 years, were used in the physical risk assessment process to adequately measure and manage climate risks and opportunities. We have, in line 1 Provinces requiring special attention During the evaluation period, the total number of locations, including retail stores, self-operated factories, office buildings, and logistics centers exceeds 750. 2 Due to the lack of comprehensive database that can match the assessment of extreme high temperature risks across Mainland China, the conclusions of this analysis are based on information from NOAA Climate. We conducted a geospatial assessment of physical risks faced by us based on data from NASA Sea Level Projection Tool, World Resources Institute Aqueduct, U. S. NOAA Historical Hurricane Tracks, IPCC WGI Interactive Atlas, and relevant publications from academia and industry associations. The analysis also considered scenarios of 1. 5 C, 2 C, and 3 C temperature increases. Regions in Mainland China Geospatial Risk Assessment of Physical Risks Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong Flood Risk Significantly impacts key provinces1, with the highest risk level in these three provinces; Southeast Coastal Areas Typhoon Risk Mainly concentrated in the southeast coastal areas, with southern China, including Guangdong, China will also be a key area of concern for the Group; Beijing, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Jiangsu Extreme Rainfall Risk The impact on these provinces increases over time (comparing 2050 to 2030), and the current and future business layout is a key area of concern and assessment for this risk; Xizang Tibetan Autonomous Region, South China RegionExtreme Heat 2 Shows a significant rising risk trend in Xizang Tibetan Autonomous Region, China and the South China region, with Southern China, including Guangdong, China will also be a key area of concern for the Group. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023with our development strategy, formulated and actively promoted the 1 3 5 strategic goals for achieving mutualism with the environment. In the future, we will continue to improve and refine our climate change metrics and targets. Product Carbon Footprint Management Upon establishing a comprehensive low-carbon action plan, we regularly calculate and verify the carbon emissions from our products and operations to ensure that the specific actions achieve the expected results. Commitment to Science- based Target We have formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi in January 2023. Our proposed science-based carbon reduction target is to commit to reducing Scope 1 and 2 absolute GHG emissions and Scope 3 absolute GHG emissions by 42. 0 and 51. 6 by 2030 respectively, with 2022 as By 2050 carbon neutrality; 1 Overall Goal 3 ZeroesBy 2030 net-zero carbons emissions in self-owned operating facilities, zero use of virgin plastic in self-owned operating facilities, and zero landfill of self-generated production waste; 5 50 By 2030 increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50, replace 50 of strategic partners energy consumption with renewable energy, use sustainable packaging for 50 of products, replace 50 of fuel used for transportation in our self-owned operating facilities with clean fuels, and apply 50 sustainable raw materials. Strategic Goals ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202362 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONKey Performance in 2023 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions3 8, 525 tons of CO2 equivalent Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions4 191, 654 tons of CO2 equivalent Total GHG emissions 200, 179 tons of CO2 equivalent Total GHG emission intensity 3. 21 tons of CO2 equivalent Revenue per million RMB Compared to 2022, we have further improved our statistical abilities by including additional GHG emissions from acetylene, CO2 fire extinguishers, and septic tanks, leading to an increase in Scope 1 emissions. Also, due to the business expansion in 2023, the number of ANTA s and ANTA KIDS DTC stores has increased, resulting in a rise in purchased electricity, which had led to an increase in the Scope 2 GHG emissions. We are also committed to continuously investing in the R&D of low-carbon products and formulate energy conservation plans to improve energy efficiency and encourage the use of renewable energy, in order to reduce carbon emissions and mitigate climate change in the production phase. In addition, in align with the SBTi requirements for Scope 3 emissions reduction, we will conduct carbon audits from raw materials to retail for all core products and develop a comprehensive carbon reduction plan. We have developed policies and system documents related to environmental management, such as the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Manual and the Hazardous Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Responsibility System. These policies require regular reviews of the environmental management system of our self-operated facilities, and the formulation of environmental management policies. The formula used to calculate the main GHG emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to How to prepare an ESG Report Appendix 2 Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the HKEX, and the corresponding emission factors refer to the Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The calculation of septic tank emission data was estimated based on the number of employees and the number of working days per month. Scope 2 GHG emissions are mainly from indirect emissions generated from purchased electricity and steam, purchased cooling and purchased heat consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to How to prepare an ESG Report Appendix 2 Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the HKEX. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO 2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect GHG emissions in 2023 is adopted from Notice on the management of GHG emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by Ministry of Ecology and Environment on 7 February 2023. 178, 794 3. 21 -3. 6 3. 33 8, 525 4, 820 191, 654 173, 974200, 179 12. 0 2022 2023 63 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Key Performance in 2023 5 The data on purchased electricity primarily originates from the Group s production, administrative, logistics, and store facilities. Energy consumption (unit MWh) is calculated based on the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, acetylene, purchased electricity, purchased steam, purchased cooling and purchased heat. The calculation refers to the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020). During the financial year, we not incur significant fines or penalties related to environmental or ecological matters. These regulations specify the operation and maintenance activities for the identified major energy-use systems to ensure their proper functioning under specified conditions, and take corrective measures against actual or potential instances of unreasonable energy use or consumption. During the financial year, Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. invited a third-party organization to conduct an energy diagnosis and provide a report to facilitate energy-saving and emission reduction efforts. Gasoline (kWh) Diesel (kWh) Natural gas (kWh) Acetylene (kWh) Purchased electricity5 (kWh) Purchased steam (kWh) Purchased cooling (kWh) Purchased heat (kWh) Total energy consumption6 (MWh) Energy consumption intensity (MWh Revenue per million RMB)2, 428 339, 013 553, 156 14, 729, 561 307, 665 54, 735, 492 297, 910, 911 191, 620 368, 7705. 91 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202364 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONKey Performance in 2023 During the financial year, ANTA (China) Co., Ltd. received certification as green factory. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., and Shangqiu ANTA Shoes Co., Ltd. have obtained ISO 50001 Energy Management System certification. Conducting Carbon Emissions Assessment In cooperation with external consulting organization, we conducted carbon footprint and GHG emissions assessment of all self-operated facilities in accordance with ISO 14064-1 2008. Measures to improve production energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption Reasonably schedule the usage time of air compressor equipment to reduce idling, enhancing unit-time efficiency, and minimizing gas wastage; Replace obsolete fluorescent tubes with LED light strips to improve efficiency and save energy consumption; Based on the characteristics of different equipment, shut down some devices during periods of inactivity to reduce energy wastage. GB T 36132-2018 2023 2023 2023 11 24 65 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Carbon Reduction in Production Processes We actively respond to energy conservation and emission reduction in the production process, formulating the Energy Saving and Consumption Reduction Plan and promoting its implementation. Through conducting carbon emission and GHG emission assessment for our self-operated factories, we tailor specific energy-saving plans based on the assessment results. Through energy inspections and other means, we regularly and promptly follow up on energy-saving improvement measures and suggestions from various departments to implement carbon reduction initiatives effectively. We have planned warehouse and network layout optimization to streamline transportation routes. Electric vehicle city distribution fleets have been established in locations such as Quanzhou, Jinjiang, and Xiamen, China to reduce carbon emissions during the transportation process. Additionally, Measures to reduce carbon emissions in the logistics and transportation process include Optimizing collection and transportation routes to improve overall transportation efficiency and energy performance; Promoting energy-saving activities, implementing energy-saving retrofits, and adopting new technologies to reduce electricity consumption; Enhancing equipment maintenance and timely updates to minimize equipment malfunctions, improve operational efficiency, and reduce energy loss; Using variable frequency equipment and energy-efficient lighting to decrease energy consumption. a GHG assessment has been conducted for Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and transportation processes. After completing the assessment, internal and external audits were conducted. During the financial year, our logistics center has officially adopted solar energy as our first project. We have invested over RMB10 million and expected an annual electricity generation of approximately 4, 000 megawatt-hour. Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction in Retail Stores We prioritize energy saving and emissions reduction in our operational environment, implementing program involving waste recycling and utilization, the R&D of environment-friendly tools, store energy consumption reduction, and adoption of green construction practices to create low-carbon stores. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202366 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION FILA Leads the Way with Net Zero Carbon Stores While ensuring the visual impact of the stores, the store of FILA has adjusted the power and standardized the use of racks. Through clear signage and guidelines on electrical boxes, employees are guided to use electricity and air conditioning more efficiently, reducing energy waste and carbon emissions during operational hours. The addition of limiters on electrical boxes controls power usage during non-operational hours. Manuals and instructional videos are provided to assist employees in proper limiter usage, preventing energy waste during non-operational hours. Moreover, store construction follows the standards of the U. S. Green Building Council s LEED ID C Retail (Interior Design and Construction) Gold certification. The design and construction adhere to energy-efficient and environment-friendly principles in various aspects such as energy, water usage, and materials, actively promoting green and sustainable development. Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction in Office We formulated the Office Management Policy and Central Air Conditioning Turn-On Off Control Standards. Specific carbon reduction measures include monitoring and recording the use of electricity in office areas and the usage patterns of air conditioning during summer. Additionally, we have replaced screen printing with fully automatic printing equipment and manage air conditioning, lighting, and other devices to use energy resources rationally and enhance energy efficiency. During the financial year, we assessed the GHG emissions from the office building in Jinjiang, China and analyzed the results to develop a new annual emission reduction program. It covers environmental courses such as knowledge and helping to raise their environmental consciousness. During the financial year, we launched a 21-day Low-Carbon Month check-in activity in June, advocating employees across multiple brands and cities to develop low-carbon habits through actions like low-carbon commuting, using eco-friendly shopping bags, and bringing their own water bottles. Advocating Environmental Activities We collaborated with the COC, initiated the Mountain and River Plan environmental campaign. Collaborating with organizations such as the Shenzhen One Planet Foundation, Alibaba Foundation, and outdoor sports groups, we organized a series of outdoor hiking activities. Additionally, each self-operated factory has conducted ESG-related training on a factory-by-factory basis, deepening employees understanding of environmental ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202368 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONGreen Supply Chain Management With the aim of promoting the green development of the supply chain, we conducted carbon assessments with a third-party company for energy reduction diagnostics and recommendations. Additionally, we initiated carbon management with our core tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers, collecting data on their carbon emissions and energy resource usage during the financial year to assess their carbon intensity, energy and resource usage intensity, and water risk. During the financial year, we officially launched an online ESG online data collection platform for our supply chain, requiring suppliers to report data on water, energy, and carbon emissions. Currently, our critical suppliers have gradually started to input their environmental data into ESG online data collection platform for further assessment of absolute total consumption as well as intensity data of energy and resources usage. At the same time, we have developed a supply chain carbon reduction roadmap, and formulated a carbon reduction target plan. Sustainable Production and Operation We closely follows the national pace, striving to create a beautiful and healthy environment and a better life. Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. Non-hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of non-hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Shangqiu ANTA Shoes Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd., and Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. have all obtained ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification. After treatment, supernatant that meets the standard will be discharged, and sludge will be dewatered and transported for disposal; Reducing the use of chemicals, therefore reducing the loads of chemicals in wastewater treatment; During the production process, water curtains are discontinued to reduce wastewater discharge; Domestic wastewater is pre-treated in septic tanks before being discharged into the municipal sewage network, where it undergoes treatment at wastewater treatment plants. The particulate matter generated during the production process is treated to meet standards through a dust collection hood fabric bag dust removal facility, and then processed through a 15-meter high exhaust stack; Equipping electric engraving machines with a pulse-jet collector to reduce dust pollution; The waste crushing and recycling device with liquid nitrogen cryogenic grinding technology, which enables full waste recycling and substantially reduces dust in our factories. Emissions Management We strictly adhere to laws and regulations such as the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution and the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise Pollution. Effective measures are taken to achieve green production and actively control the environmental impact caused by our production processes. At the same time, we have commissioned qualified third parties to conduct regular inspections of wastewater, exhaust and noise to ensure compliance in waste discharge, with the goal of gradually reducing the intensity of emissions in the future. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Waste Sorting and Treatment Measures Recyclable waste This includes waste scraps, waste packaging materials, and discarded products, which are collected and temporarily stored in the general solid waste storage area for reuse or periodically sold externally; Non-recyclable waste including domestic and engineering wastes that have no recycling value. These types of waste are collected by the environmental sanitation department for centralized disposal; Hazardous waste A hazardous waste storage warehouse is established, and the in-and-out management of hazardous materials is strictly controlled according to relevant hazardous waste regulations. Hazardous items are placed in repurposed empty barrels for recycling, with clear signage, and are regularly entrusted to a qualified third-party organization for recycling and processing. In the meantime, we conduct general or key controls over our waste recycling partners, depending on the circumstances. During the financial year, we have conducted hazardous waste training at each factory to ensure that our employees understand and implement the waste management system. Under the premise of not affecting the store s image, we recycle relatively new shelves and some equipment left behind after the closure. The recyclable materials such as floor tiles, cement slag, wooden boards, and gypsum boards are crushed at waste treatment stations, filtered into soil and sand, and then used to make cement bricks for secondary use. Wooden waste is collected by manufacturers and crushed to create particle boards. Additionally, some light steel keels and wires are also reprocessed and melted down to be transformed into reusable metal raw materials. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202372 GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONReducing Waste Generation at Source To reduce waste generation at its source, we have invested resources in improving production processes. At the same time, we promote sorting and recycling of waste, and reduce the proportion of waste going to landfill and incineration. Process ControlReducing waste generation on site Renewable energy Environmental disposalOptimization at the end point Collection Reducing waste generation at source Circular supplyGreen SupplyWater Resources Management We issued the Cost Savings Measures for Industrial Park and the Letter on Energy Conservation, Energy Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park, which stipulate detailed measures for reducing water use during production, and we also adopted an inspection system to ensure their implementation, with the goal of gradually reducing the intensity of water use in the future. In our offices, we posted signs promoting water conservation in pantries and toilets, and replaced low-efficient taps in toilets to control water discharge, so as to cultivate the awareness of water conservation among all employees. If any dripping and leaking are detected, repair them promptly to reduce water waste; Recycle and utilize the steam produced during manufacturing, which reduces heating costs in winter; Renovating and upgrading the boiler return water piping system, and recycling steam boiler water. By redesigning the specifications for the amount of packaging paper used and assessing it every quarter based on the production styles, we aim to reduce the use of printed isolation paper in packaging; Reusing cardboard boxes generated in the unpacking process to achieve a cycle of cardboard box usage; Optimizing the packaging boxes for ANTA and FILA accessories to smaller-sized cardboard boxes while introducing special courier bags for ANTA Kids; Switching from using ( ) shaped reinforcements to ( ) shaped ones for cardboard box packaging in logistics, gradually promoting tape-free cardboard box designs to reduce the use of plastic tape in the packaging process. Implementing a waterproof bag recycling program, where returned waterproof bags are reused, contributing to recycling; De veloping region-specific recycling plans through a circular turnover box system, deploying fixed-size turnover boxes, so as to effectively reducing the waste associated with single-use packaging. Sustainable Packaging To reduce the use of packaging materials, we have developed the Standardization Management Specifications for Production Packaging Boxes, actively advocating the recycling of packaging materials and promoting the reduction and sustainability of packaging. We are committed to promoting the biodegradable or recyclable plastic packaging made of reused or recycled materials, as well as paper packaging made of reused or recycled materials that can either be recycled or has FSC certification. We are committed to using sustainable packaging for 50 of our products by 2030. Key Performances in 2023 Footwear and apparel products packaging material usage 46, 500 tons; Footwear and apparel products sustainable packaging usage 9, 157 tons, accounting for 19. 7 of the total footwear and apparel products packaging material; 42. 9 of FILA footwear and apparel products now utilize sustainable packaging; DESCENTE footwear products shoe boxes and packaging paper have obtained FSC certification, and the toe paper has obtained GRS certification. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023From 5 to 1 Hangtag, Practicing Packaging Reduction Through feedback on hangtags, we engaged in thoughtful considerations and observed that consumers have a relatively low demand for hangtag information. Moreover, it adopts FSC certification, making the hangtag more environment-friendly and technologically advanced. Biodiversity Conservation As a global strategic partner of WWF, we are committed to creating mutualism by consistently promoting biodiversity conservation and engaging in various protective initiatives. We are committed to practicing mutualism with the environment in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Regulations of the People s Republic of China on Nature Reserves, actively communicate with stakeholders, identifying and managing our business activities risks on biodiversity and ecosystems. We prioritize avoiding net loss to biodiversity in developed areas of production and operations and commit not to engaging in deforestation within our business activities. During the financial year, we joined the UNGC s GDI for SDG pilot project, themed with Mitigating Waste Entering the Ocean to Facilitate the Transition to a Low-carbon Economy, contributing to solve the crisis of ocean plastic pollution and facilitate the transition to a low-carbon economy. Volunteers engaged in watering and caring for the scots pines planted in May 2021, gaining insights into the daily activities related to forest protection and acquiring knowledge about forest ecology in the demonstration area. During the event, volunteers also participated in garbage collection along the trails, aligning with our Mountain and River Plan to contribute to reduce environmental impact. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Journey with Nature - Organize Ecological Environmental Education On 22 May, marking the 23rd International Day for Biological Diversity, we collaborated with WWF and Shenzhen Planet Foundation to organize the Journey with Nature, Protecting Yangtze Finless Porpoises event in the Yangtze Finless Porpoise National Nature Reserve on Swan Island, Hubei. The event invited 15 member families to volunteer on-site, visiting the Wetland Science Museum in the Wuhan Liberation Park, a facility supported by us. Participants gained in-depth knowledge about the finless porpoises, contributing to the protection of this endangered species. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 78COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTS SDGs ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTER ESG MATERIAL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTERSUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT SUSTAINABLE RAW MATERIAL SOURCING To build a sustainable and responsible supply chain management and sustainable procurement system, we continue to promote standardization and regulation of the supply chain, strengthen the management process of raw material procurement, and strive to create a cooperative model based on compliance, fairness, justice, and integrity, working hand in hand with our partners to achieve mutual success. Through supplier communication and training, we establish a cooperative partnership information sharing mechanism, creating an environment-friendly, safe, efficient, and collaborative resilient supply chain. Supply Chain Risk Management To ensure business continuity, we have established a supply chain risk management system and actively cooperated with upstream and downstream partners to enhance supply chain stability, reduce systemic risks in the supply chain, and promote sustainable development of the supply chain. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Policy and regulatory risksUnder the background of the Dual Carbon goals and related carbon emission and energy consumption control policies, more laws and regulations on emission restriction, and compulsory electricity conservation may be introduced in the future, and our supply chain may face the risks of lower output and higher electricity tariff, which could reduce our production efficiency and output and drive up operating costs. Extreme weather risksGiven the impact of extreme weather such as typhoon, rainstorm and high temperature, we may face the risk of supply chain disruptions such as water and power outages for suppliers, damage to suppliers equipment or stored materials, and obstruction of logistics and transportation channels, which could affect our and suppliers production capacity and incoming material costs, and drive up operating costs and production costs. Market risksGiven the impact of climate and environmental changes, energy transformation and other factors, we may face the risks of rising energy and raw material prices, damage to the planting environment of raw materials (e. g. cotton, rubber), and material shortage of some suppliers, which could lead to disruptions in production operations and drive up production costs. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202380 COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTSType of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Economic and social environment riskGiven the impact of social and public events, we may be exposed to risks such as the health and safety problems of suppliers employees and supply chain shutdown, which could result in production and operation interruptions. External risks including geopolitics or relevant restrictions or measures may also affect supply chain stability. Supply responsibility risksGiven the impact of delayed delivery caused by insufficient capacity of suppliers, obstructed logistics and other factors or major incidents of mass recall of substandard products, we may face the risk of supply chain disruption and reputation damage. Social responsibility risksAs the social issues concerning the supply chain, such as labor rights, health and safety, and business integrity, capture growing attention from all parties, we may face risks involving suppliers responsibilities such as labor disputes, employee injuries and deaths, illegal discharging, and bribery, which could lead to shutdown of the supply chain and damage to our reputation. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Type of risk Risk assessment Response measures and precautionary mechanisms Other supply risksWe and our partners may face uncertainties such as financial deterioration or financial loss in the supply chain due to potential risks involving suppliers, such as financial problems and shareholder disputes, which could affect business transactions between enterprises and aggravate financial risks. During the financial year, we collaborated with a third-party organization to conduct ESG risk assessments for both our suppliers and self-operated factories. The assessment process utilized both self-assessment verification and on-site evaluations to evaluate various ESG issues including business ethics, climate change, environmental impact, and labor management. The assessment was conducted through a sampling approach, covering a total of 145 suppliers including four self-operated factories. The assessment results showed that all suppliers complied with Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports. We conducted due diligence and assessment focusing on human rights risks such as child labor, discrimination, forced labor, working hours, freedom of association, collective bargaining and compliance with Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports. During the assessment, suppliers have relatively low scores in the modules of business ethics, health and safety, and social responsibility. High-risk issues are primarily related to occupational safety, freedom of association and collective bargaining, employee welfare, working hours and wages, and emergency safety. Supply Chain End-to-end Management We have developed a series of management policies and procedures, including the Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports, the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook, the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Apparel and Accessories Suppliers and the Protocol for the Management of Supplier Access and Exit of Footwear Suppliers. The systems specify requirements for environmental management and ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202382 COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTSsocial responsibility for suppliers and subcontractors, enhancing the efficiency of the entire supply chain management process. By conducting supplier sustainability risk assessments, we identify critical suppliers and formulate countermeasures and action plans to ensure the stability of our supply chain. Admittance Screening ESG audits are a crucial step for new suppliers entering our system. These stages comprehensively assess the supplier s business qualifications, product quality, and other basic information. ESG factors such as health and safety management, environmental protection and labor management are also included in the scope of assessment to ensure that suppliers supply level, product quality, service capabilities, and their social responsible management performance meet our requirements. In terms of environment, we focus on our suppliers waste, wastewater, waste gas and GHG emissions, as well as energy management. On the social front, we review whether suppliers strictly protect the health and safety of the workplace, respect various labor rights, including human rights and the right to freedom of association. In terms of governance, we conduct rigorous assessments of our suppliers to detect any instances of corruption, bribery or other forms of misconduct. Risk factors including country-specific risks, industry-specific risks, and product-specific risks were also involved into supplier screening process, hence to effectively mitigate potential risks and maintain supply chain stability. The identification of our critical suppliers is based on combinative consideration of procurement value, sustainability performance as well as other assessments. Country-Specific Risks This involves evaluating the political stability, legal and regulatory environment, and commercial risks in the countries where suppliers are located. Industry-Specific Risks This involves evaluating the competition levels, technological changes, and shifts in market demand within the industries where suppliers operate. Product-Specific Risks This involves evaluating potential quality issues, safety risks, environmental responsibilities, and other relevant factors associated with the products supplied by the suppliers. Key Performance in 2023 The total number of suppliers (including footwear, apparel, and accessories) is 801 717 suppliers in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan region, and 84 suppliers in foreign countries. Suppliers are classified into tier 1 suppliers, tier 2 suppliers and tier 3 suppliers according to their material categories as well as service relations and other general factors. In addition, suppliers are differentiated into general suppliers or critical suppliers based on material analysis such as procurement volume, risk factors, etc. Tier 1 suppliers 267 Tier 2 suppliers 370 Tier 3 suppliers 164 Suppliers that directly provide finished products (such as garments, finished shoes, finished accessories, etc.), of which 52 are critical suppliers. Information collection Preliminary review of informationOn-site review We collect detailed information of our suppliers through the Collection Form of Supplier Basic Information, including company profile, basic information of the workforce and employee rights, professional qualifications or service capabilities, and relevant operational experience. If zero-tolerance breaches or seriously dishonest behaviors such as use of child labor, forced labor and commercial bribery are detected during the review, the admittance process will be terminated immediately. New suppliers sign the Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports and send it backESG audit for new supplier admissionNo, achieve good rating Closed for two yearApproved to be admitted into ANTA Sports s supplier systemViolation of zero-tolerance TerminationNo, fail to achieve good rating No, achieve good rating Violation of zero-toleranceCorrective Action Plan follow-up audit (after three months) Yes, or fail to achieve good ratingYes ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 84 COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTSAppraisal and Audit For suppliers in the cooperation, we adopted a double-axis audit method to conduct annual audits of suppliers sustainable development status, in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports and the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook. This systematic evaluation assesses the suppliers capabilities in terms of quality, delivery, cost for current order execution, alignment with Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports as well as their performance in labor management, innovation development, environmental management, and social responsibility. Through our annual supplier audit, our suppliers are divided into five levels, from the best performing ones to the least performing ones, based on their audit results extraordinary, excellent, good, to be improved, and red line zone. In accordance with the Apparel Supplier MIS Performance Appraisal Management Mechanism and Footwear Supplier Tiered Grading and Evaluation Management Control Mechanism, we provide corresponding incentives for suppliers at different levels to encourage further improvement and motivate their initiative to fulfill contracts. Red Line ZoneIn addition, for suppliers that have triggered major violations such as zero-tolerance and failed to rectify the situation in a timely manner or still failed to meet the requirements after improvement, the supplier will be disqualified after the approval process and will be denied the opportunity of cooperation for two years. Review process for introduction of new suppliers 85 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Scope of ESG Audit of Supply Chain Labor Rights Health and SafetyEnvironment and Social ResponsibilitySustainability Management System Freedom of employment- No forced labor No child labor Anti-discrimination Prohibition of harassment and abuse Right to freedom of association Compliance of employment relations Compliance of working hours Paid overtime Compliance of remuneration and benefits Minimum wage standard Occupational healthy and safety Equipment safety maintenance Workplace safety Chemical safety management Contingency planning Occupational disease prevention Incident management Public health, food and accommodation Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Pollution prevention and treatment Emissions management Anti-corruption Anti-competitive behaviors Sustainable sourcing policy Establishment of the sustainability management system Establishment of the Sustainability CommitteeIn accordance with the relevant provisions of the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook, the Supplier Management Department, in collaboration with our recognized audit organizations, conducts regular ESG audits of suppliers we collaborate with. The results are to identify any violations. This initiative aims to promote the improvement of our suppliers performance in social responsibility. In addition, our suppliers empowerment program also provides continual support to the implementation of suppliers corrective action plan. Additionally, we developed the ESG online data collection platform, initiating the collection of ESG environmental data over 200 suppliers. The data covers GHG emissions, energy consumption, water resource management, wastewater and waste management, etc. Suppliers are required to complete self-assessment and verification within a certain time frame. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202386 COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTSSupplier Communication and Protection We aim to communicate with our suppliers to convey supply chain management concepts and requirements promptly, fostering long-term and stable partnerships. Through various channels and methods such as visits, online communication, offline seminar, audit interview, and WeChat group, we establish a communication mechanism with suppliers. Any individual or organization directly affected in the supply chain can report any violations of the Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports, or any potential or constituted violation of human rights or environmental hazards, can lodge a complaint via the complaint mailbox, employee care hotline, or Sustainable Development Complaint and Grievance Mechanism. Simultaneously, we have implemented a whistleblower protection mechanism to protect the privacy of whistleblowers. It is our priority to effectively protect the rights and interests of whistleblowers. This assists suppliers in enhancing their management capabilities, gaining competitive advantages in areas such as quality management, compliance requirements, and safety standards. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we conducted ESG audits on 170 tier 1 suppliers (including 49 critical suppliers in tier 1), 119 tier 2 suppliers (including 72 critical suppliers in tier 2), and 10 tier 3 suppliers respectively, which were completed by both the internal audit team and third-party organizations. These audits covered environmental and social metrics including labor management, health and safety, labor rights, and green production, etc. During the financial year, we have conducted over 400 audits on both critical suppliers and general suppliers, with internal audits accounting for 24. 4 and external audits accounting for 75. 6. 100 suppliers underwent third-party audits using SLCP. suppliers completed assessments using the HIGG FEM, a third-party tool, obtaining a grade of good or above accounts for more than 60. 87 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023We have set ESG targets along the supply chain in the areas of water, energy and carbon emissions to help suppliers achieve sustainable development. These programs aim to provide knowledge on labor laws and regulations, human rights standards and protections, forced labor and child labor, working hour management, and health and welfare, ensuring that suppliers understand and comply with relevant laws, regulations, and our human rights policies. Through technological innovation and process optimization, effective control of water saving and wastewater treatment will be achieved, facilitating the transformation of relevant technological achievements within the industry. Introduction of activities for World Day Against Child Labor, spreading the concept of human rights protection that strictly prohibits the use of child labor among supplier partners. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202388 COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTS We collaborate with the IPE to collect environmental performance data from suppliers, addressing environmental protection issues in the supply chain and empowering the sustainability of environmental management within the supply chain. Through participation in the initiatives and activities of the UNGC, we share experiences and best practices to promote the sustainable development of the industry. Sustainable Sourcing of Raw Materials Responsible Sourcing We are committed to continuously optimizing a green supply chain and prioritizing the use of raw materials, products and services that are environment-friendly, safe, and healthy. In order to reduce the potential environmental and social impacts of plantation and production of materials such as cotton, leather, etc., we commit to increasing the sourcing of responsible leather and cotton materials, and prioritizing the selection of suppliers certified by the Leather Working Group (LWG), the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) and other relevant international standards. At the same time, we continue to track the traceability performance score of our LWG certified suppliers to increase the proportion of raw materials such as leather that can be traced. Currently, more than 90 of leather raw materials can be traced back to their place of origin, which includes Mainland China, the United States, Argentina, the Netherlands, and etc.. During the financial year, we joined the LWG to contribute to the sustainable development of the leather industry. With training sessions covering topics including responsible land management, water reduction, and chemical and production of responsible leather and cotton, we aim to further raise suppliers awareness of social responsibility management. During the financial year, we have formulated and released the ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual which clearly states that on the input side of chemicals, the goal is for all suppliers who use process chemicals to fully comply with ZDHC standards. The training content includes SBTi training, chemical safety management training, specialized training on zero tolerance, working hours and wage management, leather and cotton traceability, among others. We have customized the scope of traceability and assessment standards according to the special features of different products and materials, such as using element tracing to trace recyclable yarns. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, the number of suppliers with responsible certifications are as follows LWG certification the leather used in ANTA and FILA s footwear products, as well as their leather suppliers, are all 100 LWG Gold certified, with over 90 of the leather materials can be traceable back to their origin. Organizing Training on Sustainable Leather Production Process to Improve the Environmental Performance of Leather Material Production We launched training on environmental protection and water conservation for all leather suppliers, encouraging them to minimize the use of fresh water in the leather tanning process, eliminate the discharge of untreated sewage sludge, and actively carry out water reuse and other maximized emission reduction actions. In addition, we conducted training for all leather suppliers on material chemical safety and the technical requirements for chemical safety, explained the hazard and control methods of key chemical substances in the leather tanning process, and enhanced suppliers awareness of chemicals-related regulation by presenting external cases of chemical risks, conducting internal inspections on chemicals-related violations, introducing measures for dealing with non-compliant products and adopting plans for prevention and improvement. INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202390Innovation in Craftsmanship and Design We have adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise. SDGs ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTER ESG MATERIAL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTERUSE OF CHEMICALS AND DISCHARGE PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE PRODUCT QUALITY AND SAFETY CRAFTSMANSHIP AND PRODUCT INNOVATION CUSTOMER RELATIONS MANAGEMENT DATA PRIVACY AND PROTECTION SUSTAINABLE CONSUMPTION INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBLE MARKETING We always maintain product quality at a high level, and regard technological innovation as key to the vitality of our brands. All our brands have defined their respective ESG mindset strategies and launched sustainable products. These initiatives concentrate on resource recycling in production and promote green, low-carbon consumption. We have creatively integrated various styles into sports aesthetic design, producing new products combining different design styles and elements, and products that are both fashionable and practical. KOLON SPORT has released 50th-anniversary limited edition Polar-series Down Jackets, utilizing a futuristic functional design to lead the fashion of outdoor winter sports. DESCENTE collaborated with Japanese fashion designer KAZUKI KURAISHI and blends the designer s love for powder snow to launch a professional and trendy co-branded ski series equipment. ANTA developed the Tan Ding weightlifting shoes for the Chinese National Weightlifting Team, incorporating five patents and significantly upgrading mechanical performance to support the national athletes at the Hangzhou Asian Games. During the financial year, we improved the Protocols for Defending Rights against Counterfeiting, and upgraded our intellectual property management system through information thus further improving the system s level of automation. In our brand operation and all key stages of the brand operation, we have embedded an auditing mechanism for intellectual property risks. During our inspection at the order placement meetings, we identified and discovered risks associated with product design and promotional activities. Awareness Enhancement Conducted nine intellectual property protection awareness training sessions, covering over 1, 100 employees across product, R&D and brands departments. These actions comprehensively curb infringement activities and protect our rights and interests. In partnership with our suppliers and manufacturers, we co-develop and promote the use of water-based adhesives and cleaners, progressively reducing the use of organic solvent chemicals and encouraging more environment-friendly production methods for creating products that are both eco-friendly and health-conscious. Additionally, by publishing quarterly intellectual property information, we report on significant intellectual property developments, share industry information, and enhance the awareness of management personnel in intellectual property management and risk control. For the World Intellectual Property Day on April 26th, we organized a themed event titled Women and Intellectual Property Accelerating Innovation and Creation. We invited female employees with outstanding R&D capabilities to share their insights on innovation, thereby strengthening everyone s awareness of intellectual property innovation and protection. In collaboration with online intellectual property protection departments, intellectual property service agents, law firms, and other relevant entities, we conducted comprehensive, multidimensional information collection, assessment, and in-depth investigation of infringement activities. During the financial year, we have carried out brand protection special projects in Northeast ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202394 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSenhance the technological properties of cotton fabrics and addresses issues like post-wash whitening and fiber shedding in cotton fabrics, enhancing product durability and lifespan. ANTA KIDS, in collaboration with Beijing Sport University, has developed the ANTA KIDS Chinese National Artistic Gymnastics Team training series. The Ningbo University School of Physical Education ANTA KIDS Joint Sports Research Laboratory was officially inaugurated during the financial year. On the other hand, Donghua University ANTA Group Joint Innovation Center embarked on the second phase of AEROVENT R&D project, with a focus on environmental protection and low-carbon sustainable development. Key areas include eco-friendly waterproof and breathable membranes using biomaterials materials. Through in-depth participation in the development of relevant standards, the Group standardized the production process of products, providing inputs for the evaluation of technological innovation and sustainable features of products, enhances the efficiency of technologies and inventions, and saves costs and inputs. The group standards are widely used in product evaluation within the company and in the industry, thereby promoting the development of green products and the healthy growth of the industry. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also strive to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption and achieve mutual development. Sustainable Product Design We have developed product standards and certification standards related to ESG projects, adopt the Technical Specifications for Sustainable Products, which standardizes the technical and certification requirements for sustainable materials, sustainable production processes, sustainable packaging, and sustainable products, commitment to increasing the proportion of sustainable products that realise the vision of sustainability by reducing waste emissions, conserving resources, using materials that are recycled reclaimed, recyclable, degradable, or otherwise contribute to improved environmental, health and safety performance. This system evaluates the sustainable characteristics of each product, including the use of sustainable materials in terms of area and weight, and tracks the sales performance of these products. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 As a member of the Cascale (formerly known as Sustainable Apparel Coalition), we are committed to assessing and managing the impact of footwear and apparel products across their entire life cycle. CELYS fabric Biodegradable fabric that achieves a 95. 4 biodegradation rate within 179 days in an industrial composting environment 1, transforming from plastic to fertilizer. TENCEL modal Adopts efficient production, new technologies, and renewable energy to continuously reduce carbon emissions. Supports globally verified carbon reduction projects to offset unavoidable emissions, gradually achieving net-zero carbon emissions. From product design concepts to the use of recycled materials as the raw materials for production, we strive to increase the proportion of environment-friendly and healthy materials used in our products and continuously promote the launch of environment-friendly products. In the future, we will actively increase the proportion of sustainable products, with a target to increase the proportion of sustainable products to 50, use sustainable packaging for 50 of products and apply 50 sustainable raw materials by 2030. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 202396 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSSustainable materials Sustainable Features Bio based Polyamide 56 Part of chemical synthesis raw materials originate from animals and plants in the natural world. Recycled polyester Adopted the fabric that is made from recycled waste plastic bottles, melting plastic fragments into small pellets, blending with other fibers to spin suitable yarns, and creating a product series through recycling, reducing pollution to water and soil, and saving energy and natural resources. Recycled nylon Utilized discarded fishing nets as raw materials, sorted and recycled, processed through slicing, spinning, and other techniques to create nylon fibers. Through the innovation of craftsmanship, the use of eco-friendly fabrics and the development of sustainable products, we are able to enhance the resource efficiency of consumers during the use phase of our products, including the benefits of reducing energy consumption, water consumption, waste generation, GHG emissions, pollution and raw material consumption, increasing product durability or longevity. In terms of craftsmanship, we use plant dyeing, which uses natural dyes extracted from the roots, stems, leaves and fruits of plants for textile dyeing, and natural chitosan antimicrobial technology, which reduces the use of chemical auxiliaries, effectively inhibits bacteria and keeps garments fresh, thereby effectively promoting the development of circular fashion. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, the proportion of our sustainable footwear and apparel products in the overall order volume is 19. 5. 97 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Product Series Sustainable Features ANTA TRAINING SERIES The ANTA Training Series of ice silk short-sleeved shirts incorporate Sorona fiber. The upper material of the shoes is crafted from recycled plastic bottles, which are processed into threads and then woven into a mixed fabric. Product Series Sustainable Features ANTA KIDS BAMBOO SWEATSHIRT Part of the outer layer of the fabric is made from biodegradable bamboo fiber, with panda elements incorporated into the design, promoting an environmental conservation ethos among children. FILA GREEN MARS SHOES Part of the fabric of the shoe upper contains Tencel fiber, with the midsole incorporating recycled coffee grounds and the outsole incorporating recycled rubber granules. Each pair of shoes comes with a packet of clover seeds and a detachable cardboard shoebox, which can be used for clover planting. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 98 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTS Product Series Sustainable Features FILA FITNESS SERIES Part of the fabric utilizes Tencel fibers extracted from renewable wood sources. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Product Series Sustainable Features RE DESCENTE BUILD SERIES Transforming waste generated from cutting into products such as long-sleeve knitted sweaters, short-sleeve knitted sweaters, woven mini skirts, etc. KOLON SPORT ECO NYLON SERIES 87 of the nylon used in this product is made from ECONYL yarn which is certified by GRS. KOLON SPORT SECO TOPWEAR Approximately 50 of the fabric used in this product is made from recycled polyester. INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTS 101 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Advocating Sustainable Consumption We are advocating to raise consumer awareness of sustainable consumption in line with our global emissions reduction targets. By integrating circular fashion principles into our business model, we aim to support the sustainable development of consumers, industries and society. We are practicing the concept of sustainable development through implementation of different circular fashion programs. For products that are recalled in bulk, we classify them according to their damage and value. Products that can be repaired will be fixed and put on the shelf again; products that cannot be repaired but could still be used will be handled as employee benefit or staff sales or charitable donation. For unsold goods, we reduce the inventory through lean management and recycle or reuse unsold goods as much as possible to avoid waste or outright destruction. These products have been certified as carbon-neutral according to PAS 2060 2014 standards. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023102 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSprograms for consumers to repair their purchased products and educate them on how to use their products more sustainably and make them last longer. These efforts are aimed at ensuring maximum recycling of our products. During the financial year, we have established the Management Measures for Utilization of the Obsolete Materials to promote the reuse of shelves and other equipment from closed stores, achieving recycling paper, cardboard, glass, plastic, and metal waste generated during store construction. This initiative has enabled the reuse of building materials and the revitalization of basic renovation waste. Specifically, materials such as floor tiles, cement residue, wood boards, and gypsum boards are repurposed to manufacture cement bricks. Wood boards are recycled to manufacture particle boards, while light steel keels and wires undergo secondary processing to produce metal raw materials. During the financial year, we have successfully recycled 570, 000 shoeboxes, 18 million sheets of shoe wrapping paper or packaging paper. FILA FUSION Developed Eco-friendly Props Using Recycled Boards and Displays them in Stores to Promote Environmental Conservation Ideals FILA FUSION recycles discarded fabrics by shredding them and then using factory equipment to compress and cut them into board materials. These materials are then incorporated into the design of environment-friendly display props, including FUSION display boards, POP display frames, and display tables. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 We are promoting environment-friendly products through in-store displays to raise awareness among consumers about sustainable products and the chemical composition of the products. This allows consumers to become more engaged in understanding the product impact assessment. Through official WeChat accounts and other channels, we inform the public about the water consumption and environmental impact from planting to production of cotton shirts, carbon emissions from synthetic fabrics, characteristics of different materials, and proper usage methods. This proactive approach aims to promote sustainable and environment-friendly fabrics and products, enhancing consumers awareness of green environmental protection. In the meantime, ANTA and COC jointly launched the Mountain and River Plan. This initiative aims to promote the concept of Green Olympics in anticipation of the forthcoming Olympic Games. Through strategic sponsorship of major sports events and athletes, our goal is to maximize the impact of these resources for a more significant outcome. We strictly implemented the Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications, the Manual on the Safety Control of Chemical Products for ANTA Suppliers, the Standards for the Appearance of Apparel Lining Materials, the Quality Standards on Child Safety and other standardized requirements. Our Quality Management Manual provides full-dimensional coverage of product quality management, including chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. In conjunction with the annual management system audit plan, we implement the review of new supplier access and regular supplier quality control system audits. During the financial year, following on-site audits conducted by third-party independent organizations, we obtained certifications for Quality Management System, Environmental Management System, and Occupational Key Performance in 2023 The number of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons is zero. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023104 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSHealth and safety management system certification encompasses the design, development, production, and sales management of our products. Approximately 43, 000 employees have participated in these sessions. This training covers the application of quality tools such as ISO 9000, ISO 9001, ISO 9011 and experiences sharing. Product Recall Management We track and manage the quality of the products sold and have a sound product-recall mechanism. For products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the self-inspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and self-owned operating stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. For products that are returned or recalled for quality reasons, we will take the products back for repair and give out compensation and include them in the major quality management assessment. Quality Control System Internal Audit Training During the financial year, we organized employees from various departments such as brand merchandise, operations, sales, and integrated departments to conduct training for internal auditors of the quality control system. During the financial year, we developed and publicly disclosed the ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual. This document outlines detailed procedures and measures for chemical procurement, chemical identification, risk assessment, transparency, and traceability. It identifies all chemicals used and their purposes, defines the Restricted Substance List (RSL) and the Manufacturing Restricted Substance List (MRSL). Additionally, we have formulated a chemical elimination plan to gradually phase out chemicals recognized as posing greater environmental and health risks, thereby establishing a comprehensive chemical management strategy. In addition, we have revised the Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Chemical Safety Technical Specifications, referencing to international standards such as AFIRM, to ensure that the production process of all types of products is environmental-friendly and safe. We identified the types of chemicals that are considered by industry standards to be more harmful to the environment and health, formulated the list of requirements for material testing items, such as phthalates, heavy metals, and carcinogenic substances, etc. We updated the criteria, content, and descriptions related to certain chemicals in product testing methods. We conducted hazard classification of chemicals and developed a chemical risk management process through pre-assessment, identification, assessment, and control phases. Our brands footwear, apparel and accessories quality departments determine the testing items according to these specifications and conduct sampling tests on the corresponding products or materials according to the relevant documents, compile statistics on the use of chemicals in the entire production process. We invited third-party independent organizations to conduct comprehensive chemical testing on apparel, footwear products, and materials according to domestic and international standards. During the financial year, a total of 346 batches of clothing products and materials were tested for chemicals, with a pass rate of 97. 7. Additionally, 812 batches of footwear products and materials were tested, with a pass rate of 95. 0. At the same time, we are advancing initiatives to reduce or eliminate the use of chemicals of concern, aiming to enhance material efficiency and transform material processes. We have innovated with new materials like single-piece mesh fabric, employing creative designs and processes to increase material efficiency, reduce waste, and minimize pollution. Furthermore, we are transitioning to water-saving dyeing techniques to reduce chemical usage and wastewater discharge. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023106 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSSupplier Chemical Management We have established standards for chemical usage among our suppliers, requiring all primary and secondary suppliers to sign a Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers. This declaration commits them to providing products and raw materials that meet national mandatory standards, overseas relevant laws and regulations, and our RSL. When purchasing each chemical at production factories, accurate batch numbers must be recorded and matched with product types to ensure traceability of chemical sources. During the financial year, 220 suppliers signed the Statement of Compliance for Chemical Safety Control of Suppliers. During the financial year, we provided chemical safety control training for footwear, apparel and accessories suppliers, covering the requirements of the Apparel, Footwear, and Accessories Chemical Safety Technical Specifications. Our publicly available ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual provides detailed information on the use of chemicals in our products, their potential hazards, and restricted scenarios. These substances, commonly used in the textile industry, possess reproductive toxicity, irritability, and poor biodegradability. Digital Transformation and Upgrading Digitalization stands as a cornerstone in our strategies. Since 2020, we have invested on DTC model and formulated its development plan over the next decade. Our digital goals focus on achieving cost efficiency, driving business growth, and unlocking synergies across multiple brands. With continued augmentation of our digital investments, we have propelled our digital transformation into the 2. 0 phase during the financial year. Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. s factory upgraded the automatic production line for granulation of shoe materials and the combined washing line to effectively improve production efficiency. Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. s factory focuses on building an integrated intelligent filling workshop, achieving 50 reduction of floating fluff. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have provided a high-quality service experience to consumers to improve our customer satisfaction rate. With the development of e-commerce, we simultaneously establish a service system for online customers, relying on the customer service and membership management departments to provide efficient services to both online and offline customers. The main criteria for distributor admission and regular assessment include Sales experience Ability to meet sales targets Sufficient working capital to operate an authorized store Ability to find suitable store locations and space Track record of payment and credit term Ability to comply with our operational policies and etc. After fulfilling the above basic requirements, we will review the actual situation of distributors and thoroughly explain to them our requirements of operation capability, environmental policy, employment relationship and social responsibility, to prevent the risks caused by improper management of distributors. In order to provide our distributors with the basic rules to abide by and standardize the supervision of their performance, we have established the Standard Operating Procedures, Terminal Activities Management Regulations and other quality management standard operating terms and policy requirements. These standards are regularly reviewed and updated regularly based on actual circumstances. At the same time, we have established an incentive and rebate mechanism for distributors. When distributors meet the conditions of sales targets and receivables, we provide them with rebates in different ways to encourage their sustainable development. In addition, we provide digital training and seminars to our distributors and their store staff to enhance their understanding and application of digital transformation and tools to ensure a high level of customer service quality. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023108 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSintroduce technology products to be launched in the future and knowledge related to the products to our distributors and franchisees, and we also hold customer service quality management communication sessions with distributors from across the country to adjust marketing strategies and improve business directions, and deliver high-quality distributor products and services to our customers. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. After receiving a compliant, the Customer Service Department will work on it within one working day, and quality-related complaints will be answered within one to three working days. Inspectors sent by the headquarters pay undercover visits to retail stores regularly and analyze the collected data on customer complaints. In the meantime, we continuously conduct training on the competence and service awareness of service personnel, and actively work with various business department to deliver timely after-sales services and make sure that the legitimate needs and expectation of consumers are fulfilled. FILA conducts weekly and monthly monitoring of product quality, and issues opinion reports to make improvement on products with more complaints. FILA gradually improved its services according to consumer demands, and launched the functions of shipping insurance, door-to-door pickup and store pickup in the private domain mini-program to continuously improve product quality and services. FILA officially launched its brand consumer experience monitoring project during the financial year, reaching consumers upon order placement. After completing shopping or post-sale interactions, consumers will receive survey questionnaires via text messages to collect feedback on their experience throughout the shopping process. This includes monitoring consumer experiences, product usage feedback, member benefits and activity surveys, and brand awareness research. Marketing and Brand Management We have formulated policies related to marketing and promotion, strengthening the review of promotional materials to ensure effective and compliant management of marketing activities. During the financial year, we have established the ANTA Group Sustainable Advertising Review Management Policy and ANTA Group Sustainable Advertising Compliance Guidelines which outlines policy and our commitment to sustainable advertising and responsible marketing. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, more than 160, 000 customers participated in the FILA Net Promoter Score (NPS) survey, with an NPS of over 70. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023110 INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSWe attach great importance to responsible marketing and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans to be used in product selling process to make sure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. During the financial year, we expanded the FILA consumer experience monitoring project to include surveys on sustainability awareness. During the financial year, we received a total of 1, 052 valid questionnaires. In our brand perception result analysis, consumers are willing to purchase environment-friendly products and understand the carbon reduction contributions of such products. This provides positive signal to the market growth of low-carbon environmentally Moving forward, we plan to further segment consumer categories and conduct comprehensive brand awareness surveys targeting specific groups to help build a responsible brand image. Highlights of the privacy policy are as follows Channels of information use sales of products, consumer marketing and services; Means of information protection access control, encryption, sensitive information protection, etc. Information usage internal use, handling by commissioned service providers, sharing according to law or contract. In cases where personal information is shared and disclosed with third parties, we provide narrative in advance and obtain the consumer s consent and handle the personal information in accordance with strict confidentiality requirements and security measures; Information retention duration depending on the necessity of information use, as short as possible; upon cancellation of an account, the provision of products and services will be discontinued, and personal information will be deleted from corporate files as required by applicable law; Consumer decision-making authority customers can decide by themselves whether to provide non-essential information. Customers are 111 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 enabled with rights including opt- out option, opt-in consent, request access to data held by the company, request their data be transferred to other service providers. Acquisition obtaining data based on the principle of minimal necessity to meet business needs, requiring submission of data sharing requests for approval; Transmission utilizing encryption measures uniformly for the protection of sensitive data during transmission; Use implementing access controls to grant permissions for data access as needed; and Storage employing encryption or anonymization processes as needed for sensitive data storage. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we did not receive any complaints related to customer privacy, nor were there any lawsuits regarding personal information security. During the financial year, the number of customers and consumers affected by data breaches or other violations related to information security were zero. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 112Employment Management Employment Compliance We strictly abide by the Labor Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor, and other laws and regulations on labor and employment. Adhering to the principles of the UNGC, we have developed internal management policies, such as the Employee Handbook of ANTA Group, the New Employee Onboarding Management System, the Social Recruitment Management System, the Campus Recruitment Management Regulations of ANTA Group, and the Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy, to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. SDGs ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTER ESG MATERIAL ISSUES ADDRESSED IN THIS CHAPTERHUMAN RIGHTS AND LABOR RIGHTS STAFF DEVELOPMENT AND TRAININGSTAFF WELFARE HEALTH AND SAFETY DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION Employees are the most valuable resources and assets for the sustainable development of the Group. Key Performances in 2023 During the financial year, we did not have any major violations of labor and employment laws and regulations. The number of female executives (director level and above) the number of executives (director level and above) x 100. 3 The revenue-generating functions exclude administrative support functions such as human resources department, information management department, and legal department, etc. Percentage of Employees by Gender in 2023Percentage of Employees by Rank in 2023 Percentage of Employees by Age Group in 2023Percentage of Employees by Geographical Region in 2023 Female Male24. 8 75. 2 President level Director level Manager level Production staff Officer or others17. 9 73. 5 0. 1 7. 1 16 24 25 40 41 and above12. 6 12. 9 74. 5 Mainland China Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and overseas regions0. 8 99. 2 1. 4 Enhance the Development of the Youth and Create Opportunities for Emerging Young Talents Aligned with the national Employment Stabilization Policy, we are dedicated to creating development opportunities for young talents. Our global R&D network spans 18 countries and regions, engaging with over 60 universities and research institutions. As of 31 December 2023, we had successfully recruited 864 fresh graduates. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 114 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTTalent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. This approach enables efficient and precise talent recruitment. Additionally, through internal job postings, we promote reasonable internal mobility, retention and succession for our personnel. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. The total number of newly employee hired in 2020 was 29, 900, in 2021 was 37, 700, and in 2022 was 40, 700. 115 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Labor Rights Protection Safeguarding Human Rights As a participant member of the UNGC, we actively fulfill responsibilities in areas such as human rights and labor standards. During the financial year, we formally published the Labor Policy. It applies to all employees 5 within the Group and includes 11 items of employee conduct and ethical guidelines, such as prohibition of child labor and forced labor, human rights protection for vulnerable groups, zero tolerance for human trafficking, respect for the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining, diversity 5 Including regular employees, temporary employees, trainees, interns, and other categories of personnel. We are committed to requiring self-owned operation, supply chain and other partners to conduct regular human rights risk assessment, with the Labor Policy and the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook standards as reference to identify the potential risks impacting business operation and supplier management processes. For further details regarding this policy, please refer to the full text of the policy, which has been posted on the sustainable development website at (https ir. anta. com esg pdf EW02020ann. pdf ). Prohibition of Child Labor and Forced Labor We prohibit child labor or any form of forced labor in any of our operations. Our New Employee Onboarding Management System stipulates that all employees must undergo an onboarding check upon joining, verifying their employment age. In the event that child labor is recruited by mistake, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once the child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. In case of any violation, we will immediately terminate the cooperation process. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023116 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTCollective Agreements and Freedom of Association We are committed to protecting the rights of all employees to collective agreements and freedom of association, and properly managing labor relations. This allows for collective agreements and facilitates open, equal, and constructive dialogue with the Group. Whistleblowing and Protection When employees encounter any human rights violations, including discrimination, harassment, corruption and bribery, etc., all employees at every level, as well as individuals or entities (such as customers and suppliers), can use independent reporting channels such as emails, WeChat, hotlines, and mailing boxes to report inappropriate behavior to the internal audit department. The reporting channels are publicly disclosed in the Whistleblowing Policy. Anyone who reports sincerely, truthfully, and appropriately under this policy will be treated fairly. Any form of retaliation is strictly prohibited, and reasonable measures will be taken to protect whistleblowers from retaliation. Our grievance procedure, based on the whistleblower s human capital concerns, involves collaborating with relevant departments to formulate timely action plans. For concerns or needs related to human resources matters such as human rights protection, discrimination and harassment, labor conditions, compensation and welfare, occupational safety, and personal development, relevant individuals can provide feedback to us through the appropriate communication or reporting channels. The incident handling process will be upgraded according to the nature of incident and the level of impact, hence to improve the efficiency of reporting assessment via the categorical management mechanism. Diversity in the Workplace We attach great importance to the diversity of our employees, and advocate a corporate culture of respect, inclusiveness, diversity, and openness. As the Employee Handbook of ANTA Group explains, there must be no discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion, or development of employees based on gender, age, nationality, religious belief, complexion, race, ethnic background, sexual orientation, political affiliation, family background and health or other social identity. We are committed to not participating in, and not tolerating, human trafficking activities. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Key Performance in 2023 As of 31 December 2023, the number of female executives (director level and above) was 331, constituting 36. 6 of the total. The number of female employees in mid-level management 7 was 2, 302, representing 53. 5 8 of the total. These efforts protect employees against discrimination and harassment, including physical, verbal, sexual or psychological harassment, abuse, or threats. Sexual harassment refers to any unwelcome sexual advances, sexually suggestive physical contact, and other behaviors with sexual connotations that infringe upon the dignity and integrity of another person. Female employees in mid-level management refers to female employees at managerial level. Diversity in the Management During the financial year, we established a Chief Diversity Officer (CDO), who is also the Chief Human Resources Officer, to manage diversity-related matters of the Group, develop and regularly evaluate the Diversity, Equality and Inclusion (DEI) program, identify potential risks in the DEI area, set up diversity performance indicators and a tracking mechanism. The CDO is responsible for monitoring, investigating and correcting DEI issues such as discrimination and harassment in the course of employees career development, and reviewing compliance with DEI issues on a regular basis. The Sustainability Committee exercises overall supervision over ESG issues including DEI. Through various systems including the Employee Handbook of ANTA Group, the Labor Policy, and the Board Diversity Policy, we continuously promote diversity development. In employee dormitories, we equip rooms specifically for pregnant women and visiting relatives to facilitate rest and family reunions for expectant mothers. For overseas employees working in Mainland China, we assist them and their families in obtaining necessary documents such as visas, work permits, and residence permits. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we received no complaints or grievance cases about discrimination or harassment in our workplace. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023118 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTDiversity in the Teams We firmly believe in the benefits of diversity for the performance and broadened perspectives of our employee teams. Our Board Diversity Policy dictates the consideration of candidates based on various diversity factors, such as gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, and professional experience, aiming to enhance the diversity of the board continually. Our diversity strategic target is to achieve a share of over 40 of female executives (director level and above) by the year 2030. Communication with Employees We value the opinions of our employees, actively listen to their voices, and provide an open feedback channel for them. Employees can contact the relevant departments through online and offline channels, such as the suggestion box, cloud platform, mailbox, hotline, and the official WeChat account of ANTA Integrity. After receiving feedback or complaints from employees, the department concerned will send emails to the business unit for investigation and follow-up, aiming to effectively respond to and help employees solve their problems. In addition to the regular feedback channels, we have also established special communication platforms such as interview with senior executive, and innovative suggestion platform on the corporate culture website to better listen to the voices of young employees. During the financial year, we promoted various forms of communication across business units, enhancing interaction between employees and top management through channels such as the President s mailbox, Director s tea time, and CHO dialogues. We introduced platforms like Speak Up and an innovative proposal system to encourage employees to contribute ideas. Detailed employee assessment metrics include the internal motivation, stress level, happiness and overall job satisfaction and so on. In terms of well-being, we initiated activities like Boost Your Confidence Day to enhance employee self-esteem. We introduced support for stress management workshops, promoting a relaxed and enjoyable work culture. We intensified the advocacy of performance goals through additional goal-oriented sessions and positive case studies. The aim was to gather insights from employees regarding our performance in respecting individual differences, thinking styles, work preferences, and personal perspectives. Employee Remuneration and Benefits Employee Remuneration Policy We are committed to providing fair, reasonable, and market-competitive remuneration and benefits, following the principle of job-based pay. In adherence to relevant national laws, regulations, and local guidelines, we have established the Remuneration Policy applicable to all employees, and are committed to offering compensation above the national minimum wage, based on the basic salary. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we commissioned a third-party organization to conduct an employee engagement and satisfaction survey. Over 10, 000 employees participated in the questionnaire, and the overall score was 77. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023120 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTWe continuously implement our scientific and effective performance evaluation model. The dimensions include the fulfillment of the key performance indicators for sustainable development, such as the management of diversity, management of the environment and climate change, management of occupational health and safety, and compliance with the code of conduct. The salary and variable compensation (e. g. bonus) for executive directors and senior management are determined based on their daily operational management responsibilities, workload, and the responsibilities they undertake. Factors considered include their sustainable performance, whether individual or within the departments and business units they manage, and their contributions to the sustainable development of the Group, particularly in areas related to sustainability. In accordance with the Directors and Senior Management Remuneration Policy, we approve equity-based remuneration on the individual performance and business objectives of executive directors and senior management. This involves granting share options and share awards in accordance with share option schemes and share award schemes as appropriate. Employee Welfare Management In accordance with national and regional laws and regulations, we have formulated the Welfare Management Policy. Our welfare system includes various non-monetary benefits that covers all employees. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Statutory benefits Leave entitlement statutory holidays, rest days, sick leave, work related injury leave, personal leave, marriage leave, bereavement leave, annual leave, leave in lieu Social insurance basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund Health protection Medical protection medical care plan including body check, special health check for workers on special jobs, and supplemental medical insurance Psychological counseling psychological counseling hotline, psychological counseling appointment Health knowledge promotion bulletin boards, brochures, health knowledge contest, etc. for female employees Leave entitlement female employees are entitled to paid maternity leave and breastfeeding leave9, while male employees are entitled to paid paternity leave Workplace facilities the maternal room is equipped with a baby care table, crib, refrigerator and sterilizer; the staff dormitory is equipped with rooms for pregnant women and rooms for visiting relatives Health knowledge promotion female health seminars Employee support Charity subsidy the Hemin Health Assistance program helps employees whose families face special financial difficulties due to major diseases or disasters beyond control Academic support the Hemin Student Sponsorship program provides support for employees whose children have been admitted to colleges and universities but facing financial difficulties at home Care for employees with disability we have set up certain special positions for people with disability, and arranged work stations according to employees physical conditions. For example, employees with hearing and auditory disabilities work in the same area, and employees with mobility difficulties are assigned in convenient positions on the first floor Housing support Supplementary housing employees can apply for welfare housing and staff dormitories, and married employees can apply for family suites Housing subsidies the Sweet Home Plan provides mortgage assistance and assistance in housing subsidy application for employees Other benefits Holiday benefits employee holiday benefits; special events on the Spring Festival, Women s Day, Mid-Autumn Festival, and other holidays Additional subsidies seniority subsidy, meal subsidy, kilometer subsidy, mobile phone bill subsidies Other benefits employee cafeteria, free shuttle bus service, company branded clothing vouchers, various club activities, flexible working hours, working-from-home arrangements, internal part-time working opportunities, and education and training reimbursements 9 Breastfeeding Leave Female employees with infants under the age of one are entitled to two nursing breaks during normal working hours, with each break lasting 30 minutes for each baby, and the two breaks on each working day can be combined. Maternity leave and paternity l eave are implemented in accordance with local legal regulations. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023122 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTEmployee Development and Training Training System To ensure the long-term development of the Group, we have invested substantial resources to build an employee training program and continue to build a talent pool that can adapt to our business development needs. We have formulated the Training Operation Management Policy, the ANTA Star and Olympic Star Training Development and Salary Management Policy, the Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, and other training policies, to clarify the training operation process and lecturers responsibilities. This system encompasses various types of training programs such as specialized skills training, tiered development training, improvement in degree, professional qualification, and leadership development. In line with the trend of sustainable development, we have also set up the ESG section on the homepage of the online learning platform of ANTA Academy to broaden the knowledge spectrum of our employees. Among all employees, male employees who took part in training accounted for 23. 7. Average hours of training per employee exceeded 29 hours per year. The amount spent on training exceeded RMB34 million. Average amount spent per employee on training exceeded RMB580 per year. Name of school-enterprise cooperation training programProgram description in 2023 Tsinghua Academy of Arts & Design Master s Forum With a focus on the theme of Design Leading Innovation, the program is open to positions related to design and strategy planning, aiming to provide employees with cutting-edge art insights, and help the Group further improve its business expertise and product awareness under the breakthrough in the professional strategy. Donghua University x ANTA Micro Forum on Material Science Innovation The program aims at positions in materials, processes, technology, quality, products, and design, and the goal is to cultivate comprehensive innovation management capabilities. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023To enhance the quality of training, we actively collect feedback from employees on training programs through feedback channels such as satisfaction surveys, pre-training questionnaires and training and learning feedback forms, and make timely adjustment to the training content. Every six months, we conduct a talent inventory check, exporting feedback and performance for all employees. The training team analyzes this human capital data, identifies areas of risks, weakness and individuals for improvement, provides targeted empowerment, and compares the results of the last talent inventory cycle for assessment. Specialized Skills Training By sorting out the workflow of key positions, required professional competencies and characteristics of the positions, we continue to conduct specialized skills training in the areas of brand strength, supply chain capability, retail strength and product strength. This training covers 15 positions, including design, planning, product operations, live streaming operations, e-commerce product operations, pattern-making, and material positions. The training topics encompass digital shopping guidance, material planning, integrated marketing, product strategy formulation, and etc. Improvement in Degree Program We provide continuing education support for all of our employees, encouraging them to pursue higher academic degrees and obtain professional certifications. The ANTA Academy cooperates with third-party organizations to build a resource platform for academic advancement and professional qualification certification, providing all employees with the opportunity to upgrade to pursue graduate, undergraduate and college degrees. For management-level employees, we encourage them to pursue MBA EMBA programs from the top-notch Chinese universities. And we have subsidized seven institutions of higher education to provide them with broader learning opportunities to broaden their global perspectives and enhance their strategic planning and diversified management capabilities. At the same time, we offer college and bachelor s degree upgrade courses for employees in need to enroll in, attracting over 100 employees to seek participation. Every six months, we conduct an assessment of the leadership behaviour of nearly 2, 000 managers who have participated in the training, discovering the points that need to be upgraded, and then organizing leadership training accordingly. Each employee at managerial level can inquire about management policies and procedures through the Online Management Guide on the learning platform. For potential managers, we customize courses such as the Leadership Basics and the Innovative Leadership for Technical Talents to impart knowledge of effective team management and to improve technical talents management skills. For managers, we provide courses such as the New Manager Transformation Camp through classroom training, homework practice, and coaching ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023124 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTDigital Evaluation of the Team Leader Squad Program to Enhance Training Quality As a benchmark training program, the Team Leader Squad Program is designed to improve leadership skills in four dimensions defining the target audience, analyzing capability gaps, introducing classic management methodologies, and defining evaluation methods. For directors, we offer online and offline resources such as New Director Turnaround Camp to help directors learn in-depth leadership knowledge through university cooperation, action learning and job rotation. For senior executives, we provide opportunities such as study tours, learning at top business schools, and industry exchanges. Newly promoted executives can join the Executive Integration Program to facilitate their rapid adaptation to senior management roles. The cumulative participation of ESG-related courses has exceeded 44, 000 employees and the cumulative reading amount of ESG courses has exceeded 100, 000. The individual development program10 covered 100 of employees. Individual development program includes but is not limited to the personal training plans, personal guidances or counselling, performance interview after performance appraisal, performance improvement plan, etc. Individual development plans enable employees to improve their quality, skills and personal development. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023126 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTDiversity in the Training In fostering a diverse and inclusive atmosphere, we offer our employees a broad range of diversified training opportunities, and for those in need of assistance, we arrange mentorship programs to enhance the workplace experience of diverse groups. Our Women s Workplace Power course is designed to boost the capabilities and competitiveness of female employees by promoting successful experiences of females in the workplace, exploring self-worth development potential. For female managers, we integrate resources from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business s Leadership Program for Women, nominating 11 female directors and above to participate in the Building a Strategically Driven Organization course. Addressing discrimination and harassment issues, we also offer training courses such as the Healthy Workplace Say No to Sexual Harassment in the Workplace to combat discrimination and harassment. These speakers bring insights to employees on leadership, innovation, market insights, business breakthroughs, and other relevant topics. We are committed to establishing a more streamlined, effective, and flexible promotion mechanism. The conditions for promotion are unified and open, with no discrimination and differentiated treatment, and the promotion results are made public to all employees. Moreover, for outstanding employees with high potential and those who have made outstanding contributions to us, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log on to our internal employee career development platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through open competition for job vacancies. In accordance with the Environmental Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T24001- 2016) and the Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T45001-2020), we have formulated a number of regulations, including the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Manual, the Occupational Health and Safety Regulations, the Operation Control Procedures on Environmental and Occupational Safety and the Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Performance Monitoring and Measurement Control Procedures, covering all employees and contractors of the Group to ensure that the business operates in compliance with regulatory requirements. Our occupational health and safety management is oversight by a designated executive, and management representatives report regularly on performance and identify improvement areas. In addition, our employee representatives are responsible for collecting and reflecting the views of workers on occupational health and safety matters and participate in the discussion of major occupational health and safety issues. The Group s administrative department leads the day-to-day management, defining the process of the occupational health management system and assigning functions to each line, and setting up an occupational safety leadership team at each site to hold regular internal discussions on occupational health and safety issues. The work-related injuries are linked with performance of the executive of each department. In the case of work-related injuries that fall within their scope of responsibilities, the relevant management staff must immediately deal with the accidents, and his her performance appraisal points will also be deducted according to the rules. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023128 DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION FOR PEOPLE-CENTERED DEVELOPMENTSafety Management Measures We consistently prioritize the health and safety of our employees, implementing a multi-layered approach to comprehensively ensure their well-being and safety in the workplace. This approach aims to prevent repetitive strain injuries. Timely and effective preventive and control measures are implemented according to the inspection results to mitigate potential hazard and reduce risks, hence to ensure employees occupational health. In addition, we have introduced automated equipment to establish a comprehensive system for preventing safety incidents. Through technological means, we continuously improve our safety management standards. Safety Precautions By upgrading equipment, strengthening supervision, and improving the work environment, we are committed to creating a workplace that maximally ensures the safety of our employees. Safety Emergency Plans Every year, we formulate an emergency drill plan and organize a variety of safety emergency drills to ensure swift and efficient responses to various safety risks in emergency situations. Through these drills, we can promptly identify and address potential safety hazards, enhance our emergency response capabilities, and ensure the safety and stability of the workplace. For fire safety, we regularly conduct large-scale fire safety drills every year to enhance employees escape and response capability; for extreme weather conditions such as rainstorm and typhoon, we carry out advance deployment and emergency control, and continuously supplement and improve the safeguard measures according to the situation on the ground to minimize adverse impacts on operations. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023When extreme weather and other public incidents occur, we promptly issue notifications and organize employees to work from home, ensuring their health and safety. Handling of Safety Incidents We always prioritize safety. In response to any incidents related to production safety that have occurred, we implement targeted management measures. Clear procedures for incident handling are established, and we generate investigative reports for work-related incidents. The relevant responsible persons will be held accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, benefit from our continuous improvement of preventive measures and safety management systems, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. New employees are required to receive Level-three safety training, fire safety training, and other safety training on subjects such as the prevention of work-related injuries and machine operation regulations. Relevant personnel are also required to take part in the training for the certification of first responder or safety officer. For suppliers, we stipulate the requirement for employee training on occupational disease prevention, work-related injuries and occupational disease accidents, medical care, and the proper use of personal protective equipment. This approach is designed to create a healthier and more positive work environment for our employees. With the core goal of empowering through sports and supporting a healthy China, we have launched the following social responsibility mechanism One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region s capacity of medical services. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group established the program dedicated to supporting the active or retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties. One poverty alleviation project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group established the program to improve the community life, medical conditions and infrastructure of the villages, as well as to participate in national disaster assistance and international humanitarian assistance. Key Foundation Direct donation of cash and sportswear Established the Sturdy Growth Charity Project The founding family of the Group set up the Hemin Foundation Core Value Integrity and Gratitude Vision Becoming a pioneer in fulfilling social responsibilities among Chinese enterprises Area Youth sports education, sports development, medical and health care, community support and rural revitalization, environmental sustainability Goal With the core goal of empowering through sports and supporting a healthy China, we aim to promote common prosperity and better fulfill the people s aspirations for a better lifeOur Public Welfare System ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023132 GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY BY SUPPORTING PUBLIC WELFAREHemin Foundation In 2021, the founding family of the Group launched the Hemin Foundation with a donation of RMB10 billion in cash and shares. With the philosophy of Working with Assurance, Living with Integrity, the Hemin Foundation is committed to charity, aiding those in need and giving back to society, and is thus actively engaged in fields such as public health, sports education, rural revitalization, environmental protection, and sustainable community development. Key Performance in 2023 During the financial year, we donated a total of RMB59 million (Including a total of RMB18 million for community investment2 and a total of RMB7. 5 million for commercial initiatives2) in cash and the value of donated sportswear (calculated at tag value) to different charities exceeded RMB250 million. In December 2023, when a 6. 2 magnitude earthquake occurred in Gansu, China, we made an emergency donation of winter gear (calculated at tag value) exceeded RMB40 million to assist the earthquake-stricken areas in Gansu, China and Qinghai, China. Community investment includes donating to or supporting charities that benefit the community and pr oviding donations or equipment to partner community organization. Commercial initiatives refer to public welfare activities undertaken in partnership with charities, including support for the scientific development of university r esearch organizations. Launching the Hemin Student Sponsorship program with the Jinjiang Student Financial Assistance Center The Hemin Foundation has set up the Executive Committee of the Hemin Student Sponsorship program with the Jinjiang Student Financial Assistance Center to provide a total of RMB10 million grants to prospective college students in Jinjiang. This assistance aids economically disadvantaged and academically excellent students from Jinjiang City in overcoming challenges in their studies and lives, supporting them in graduating successfully and entering the workforce. During the financial year, the Hemin Foundation launched the Hemin Health Assistance, and funded five Love Libraries for the Fujian Charity Federation and established the Hemin Health Assistance to provide assistance for employees and their immediate family members suffering from serious illnesses. In our long-term practice of social responsibility, we place special emphasis on and promote sports development in underdeveloped regions through sports product donations, cash donations, building sports fields, organizing sports camps, etc., helping local sports to thrive. In addition, we focus on public health, and work to raise public awareness of healthy lifestyles and promote fitness for all through community sports programs and health education activities. Over the years, we have been developing alongside the sports industry in Mainland China. ANTA has been a partner of the Chinese Olympic Committee and has sponsored sportswear equipment for 28 Chinese national teams. ANTA Physical Education Teacher Training Courses at the Fujian Station During the ANTA physical education teacher training in Fujian, Wei Qiuyue, an ANTA Welfare Super A Partner and Olympic Champion of the Chinese women s volleyball team, participated in the demonstration class. At the closing ceremony, she emphasized the importance of physical education in the growth of the youth, and inspired all frontline physical education teachers with the indomitable spirit of the Chinese women s volleyball team. A total of 96 teenagers from Mainland China s underdeveloped regions had the opportunity to interact with ANTA Welfare Super A Partners, including first Winter Olympics Gold Medalist Yang Yang, World Champion of Figure Skating Chen Lu, Taekwondo Olympic Champion Wu Jingyu, and Freestyle Skiing Aerial Skills World Champion Qi Guangpu. All teenagers received these athletes professional sports coaching, fully experiencing the joy of sports and enjoying a meaningful Children s Day. We have actively promoted sports education applicable to underdeveloped regions to ensure that every teenager has the opportunity to enjoy sports. Our aim is to promote universal access to sports education and assist the youth in unlocking their potential throughout the process of growing up. Through this activity, 300 rural frontline physical education teachers have deepened their understanding of physical education and updated their teaching philosophies and methodologies. Among them, 61 physical education teachers were awarded the Certificate of Excellence. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 Public Welfare and Charity Our public welfare causes cover a wide range of areas, including education, health care and assistance. These components aim to support rural revitalization through sports-education integration, enabling children to grasp the spirit of sports, foster positive energy, and cultivate healthy lifestyles and sound personalities through sports engagement. This time, the project donated sports equipment to more than 1, 100 students at the local Zhuotian Central Elementary School. The school s physical education teachers received ANTA Physical Education Courses in September, incorporating their newly acquired knowledge into their physical education curriculum. These facilities, with a total area of 1, 762. 5 square meters, include a basketball court and a soccer field that meet national standards. The situation of students wearing sports shoes in physical education classes in 2023 saw comprehensive improvements compared to 2017. The proportion of people wearing sports shoes increased significantly, and the daily participation rate of physical activity showed a steady increase. Having grasped the sports qualities of Unity, Hard Work and Challenge embedded in the spirit of sports at Stage 1. 0, students have become more Cheerful, Outgoing and Confident at Stage 2. 0. This transformation underscores the positive impact of Stage 2. 0 on the development of students sound and healthy personalities. The charity project covered more than 6. 62 million teenagers at 16, 115 schools in 31 provincial-level administrative regions. Every employee is granted five hours of volunteer public welfare leave per year. We have designated 10 July every year as ANTA Group Public Welfare Day to encourage employee participation. During the financial year, we actively participated in volunteer services, with an accumulated service time over 30, 000 hours. During the event, ANTA KIDS, as a public welfare partner of the Earth Hour 2023 in Mainland China, in collaboration with the WWF, jointly introduced the concept of Journey with Nature. This initiative called on children and teenagers to focus on environmental protection and work together to make the Earth a beautiful home. Each stage focuses on different aspects, including compliance system construction, deep social engagement, and comprehensive sustainable development. We have formulated and consistently implemented a sustainability strategy and the 1 3 5 strategic goals to guide our sustainable development practices. Reviewing the work carried out in 2023, we have continued to cultivate in the areas of mutualism with consumers, employees, partners, society, and the environment, aiming to achieve our medium and long-term objectives. International participation Product sustainability System upgrade Corporate sustainability LeaderSocial engagement System implementation Project counseling Corporate social responsibility ParticipantCompliance and review Awareness cultivation System construction Compliance stage FollowerCurrent Stage Long-term Mid-term Short-term ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023 140 PROSPECTS Goal Progress in 2023 1. Adhere to the three core cultural propositions Consumer-oriented, Benchmarking with High Standard, Leaders as Role Model and continue to maintain our industry-leading employment standards and work environment Giving care to employees in clothing, food, housing, transportation, and physical and mental health Clothing We offer gift cards, staff discounts and discount coupons etc. Food Our ocean-view restaurant offers a variety of nutritious and tasty food, and many high-quality vegetables are supplied directly from our farms. Housing We provide affordable staff dormitories, housing subsidies, and interest-free loans under our Sweet Home Plan to help relieve our employees financial burden. Transportation We provide shuttle bus and free parking space, and overtime transportation reimbursement, etc. Physical and mental health We have in place supplementary medical insurance, paid sick leave, a free gym, fitness classes and sports clubs, health checkups, and a hotline to attend to employees mental health needs. Mutualism with EmployeesGoal Progress in 2023 Establish a definite and solid consumer ESG mindset, enabling consumers to realize circular consumption. In addition to year-end performance bonus, we granted share incentives to employees at the manager level or above. One medical aid project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group had solely donated the construction of the Fujian Hemin Hospital since 2022, to support the national project of regional medical centers and enhance the region s capacity of medical services 2. One poverty alleviation project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group set up the Hemin Health Assistance program and the Hemin Student Sponsorship program, to enable timely medical treatment to the participants of medical insurance schemes in Jinjiang, China and help children from financially-strapped households in Fujian, China to complete their university studiesMutualism with the Society Goal Progress in 2023 1. Empower suppliers and improve supplier governance capabilitiesAccording to the Code of Conduct for Suppliers of ANTA Sports and the Supplier Sustainability Management Handbook as the standard for supplier management, we conduct annual reviews of the sustainability performance of our suppliers and continuously strive to enhance their performances. One China sports development project The Hemin Foundation set up by the founding family of the Group established the program dedicated to supporting the active or retired national team athletes who have financial difficulties in the future. One sports education project We have launched the Sturdy Growth Charity Project since 2017, and partnered with the China Youth Development Foundation and the ADream Foundation on its joint implementation. With the vision of Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities, the project focuses on youth sports, and helps the youth in underdeveloped regions grow up happily with the charity support from ANTA Equipment Kits, ANTA Physical Education Courses, ADream Centers, ANTA Fields, ANTA Camps, and ANTA Hope Classes. One ecological protection project We actively participated in environmental volunteer services such as Earth Hour, NON-STOP Nature Changsha Sustainable Relay, Journey with Nature, Protecting Yangtze Finless Porpoises, and ANTA Forest to contribute to environmental conservation. Mutualism with the Society 145 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Mutualism with the Environment Goal Progress in 2023 One overall goal Carbon neutrality by 2050 We formally joined and pledged to support the commitment of the SBTi. Three zeroes By 2030 Net zero carbon emissions in self-owned operating facilities Zero use of virgin plastic in self-owned operating facilities Zero landfill of self-generated production waste In cooperation with external consulting organization, we conducted carbon footprint and GHG emissions assessment of all self-operated facilities in accordance with ISO 14064-1 2008. We have initiated the collection of our self-generated production waste and plan to further enhance our data and document management system in the future. Footwear and apparel products sustainable packaging usage was 9, 157 tons, accounting for 19. 7 of the total footwear and apparel products packaging material. We have already achieved over 50 of fuel used for transportation in our self-owned operating facilities with electricity. In the future, we will continue to research and explore the use of clean fuels as replacements. Environment National Catalogue of Hazardous Wastes Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People s Republic of China Environmental Protection Law of the People s Republic of China Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People s Republic of China Regulations of the People s Republic of China on Nature Reserves Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Noise Pollution Environmental Occupational Health and Safety Manual Regulations on the Management of Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Standardization Management Specifications for Production Packaging Boxes Office Management Policy Energy Saving and Consumption Reduction Plan Central Air Conditioning Turn-On Off Control Standards Wastewater Treatment Operation Procedures Noise Management Regulations Industrial Enterprise Fugitive Emissions Control Plan Solid Waste Management Regulations Hazardous Chemicals Management Regulations Hazardous Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Responsibility System Hazardous Waste Warehouse Storage Standards Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Management System Cost Savings Measures for Industrial Park Letter on Energy Conservation, Energy Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park ANTA Sports Chemicals Management Manual Energy Operation Control Program Energy Non-Conformity, Corrective Actions, and Improvement Control Program Energy Management Manual Policy on Scrap Management Management Measures for Utilization of the Obsolete MaterialsAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH 147 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B1. Employment Labor Law of the People s Republic of China Labor Contract Law of the People s Republic of China Employment Promotion Law of the People s Republic of China Social Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor Law of the People s Republic of China on Protection of Minors Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China Employee Handbook of ANTA Group New Employee Onboarding Management System Employees Labor Contract Social Recruitment Management System Campus Recruitment Management Regulations of ANTA Group Internal Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy Rewards and Discipline Policy Board Diversity Policy Remuneration Policy Management Policy for Individual Performance Management Policy of Group for Individual Performance at Regional Retail Offices Management Policy of Group for Individual Pe rformance Production Staff Below the Manager Level Directors and Senior Management Remuneration Policy Management Policy for E-commerce Platform Staff Welfare Management Policy Policy on Promotion Management Policy on the Ranking Adjustment of the Group s Retail Staff and Store Managers ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023148 ESG indicator Laws, regulations and policies Internal policies B2. Community investment Protocol of ANTA Group for the Management of Charitable Donation Sports Equipment Donation Process of the Sturdy Growth Charity ProjectAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS TO COMPLY WITH 153 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONPROSPECTS KPI A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATIONPROSPECTSAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 155 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION KPI A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION A4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION KPI A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. GREEN DEVELOPMENT FOR ECOLOGICAL CONSERVATION ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023156 Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB1 EmploymentGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. ESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLEAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 157 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. ESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE B4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTS ESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE KPI B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTSESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE KPI B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTS KPI B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. COOPERATION FOR WIN-WIN RESULTS ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023160 Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSESG KEY PERFORMANCE INDEX DATA TABLE KPI B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTS KPI B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. INNOVATION FOR ROBUST PRODUCTSAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 161 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Aspects, General Disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B7 Anti-corruption General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulphur oxides and particulates) are mainly derived from emissions from the Group s manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on How to prepare an ESG Report Appendix 2 Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the HKEX. Waste water data are obtained from the industrial and domestic waste water of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. The formula used to calculate the main GHG emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to How to prepare an ESG Report Appendix 2 Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the HKEX, and the corresponding emission factors refer to the Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The calculation of septic tank emission data was estimated based on the number of employees and the number of working days per month. Scope 2 GHG emissions are mainly from indirect GHG emissions generated from purchased electricity and steam, purchased cooling and purchased heat consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to How to prepare an ESG Report Appendix 2 Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the HKEX. The electricity emission factor 0. 5703 tCO2 MWh for Scope 2 Indirect GHG emissions in 2023 is adopted from Notice on the management of GHG emission reporting by enterprises in the electricity generation industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by Ministry of Ecology and Environment on 7 February 2023. Meanwhile, in 2023, the number of ANTA DTC stores increased due to business expansion, resulting in an increase in purchased electricity and a rise in Scope 2 GHG emissions. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023164 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect A1 EmissionsA1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced6Ton 110. 1 58. 5 24. 1 Hazardous waste intensity Kg Revenue per million RMB 1. 76 1. 09 0. 49 A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensityTotal non-hazardous waste produced 7Ton 11, 830 9, 204 3, 249 Non-hazardous waste intensityTon Revenue per million RMB 0. 19 0. 17 0. 07 Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 8 Gasoline9kWh 553, 156 366, 546 889, 062 Diesel10kWh 307, 665 199, 930 255, 379 Natural gas kWh 14, 729, 561 14, 504, 389 11, 895, 520 Acetylene kWh 2, 428 Not disclosed Not disclosed Purchased electricity11kWh 297, 910, 911 265, 058, 740 205, 233, 867 Purchased steam kWh 54, 735, 492 57, 573, 558 60, 989, 345 Purchased Cooling kWh 339, 013 Not disclosed Not disclosed Purchased heat kWh 191, 620 Not disclosed Not disclosed Total energy consumption MWh 368, 770 337, 703 279, 263 Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB5. 91 6. 29 5. 66 6 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities and administrative facilities. Non-hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of non-hazardous waste of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities and logistics facility. Energy consumption is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity, purchased steam, purchased cooling and purchased heat, while the calculation refers to the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020). Gasoline energy consumption is mainly derived from the Group s mobile-source gasoline consumption in manufacturing, administrative, logistics and store facilities. Diesel energy consumption is mainly derived from the Group s fixed-source and mobile-source diesel consumption in the manufacturing, administrative, logistics and store facilities. The purchased electricity data are obtained from the purchased electricity volume of the Group s manufacturing facilities, administrative facilities, logistics facility and store facilities. The number of ANT A DTC stores increased due to business expansion thus the purchased electricity data in 2023 increased. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 165 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 517, 270 1, 429, 691 1, 424, 207 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB 24. 3 26. 7 28. 9 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference to per unit producedTotal packaging material consumption 12Ton 46, 500 24, 064 21, 944 Intensity of packaging material consumptionTon Revenue per million RMB 0. 75 0. 45 0. 44 B. SocialAspect B1 EmploymentB1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type 13, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees13Person 60, 500 59, 000 52, 000 By gender Male 24. 8 24. 9 26. 0 Female 75. 2 75. 1 74. 0 By functionOffice employees 19. 4 19. 5 20. 6 Production and logistics staff 21. 5 22. 1 22. 7 Retail employees 59. 1 58. 4 56. 7 By rankPresident level 0. 1 0. 1 0. 1 Director level 1. 4 1. 3 1. 3 Manager level 7. 1 6. 5 6. 4 Officers and others 73. 5 73. 4 72. 5 Production staff 17. 9 18. 7 19. 7 12 The total amount of packaging material consumption is mainly derived from the total weight of packaging material consumption in the Group s manufacturing, administrative, logistics and store facilities. Compared to 2022, we have improved our statistical capabilities, expanding the scope of statistics for packaging materials to include the packaging material usage for both DESCENTE and KOLON SPORT footwear and apparel products, resulting in an overall increase in the total amount of packaging material consumption. The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 1, 912 other types of workers, such as temporar y workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023166 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect B1 EmploymentBy age group 16 24 12. 6 13. 6 15. 4 25 40 74. 5 74. 0 73. 0 41 and above 12. 9 12. 4 11. 6 By geographical regionMainland China 99. 2 99. 3 99. 2 Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 0. 8 0. 7 0. 8 B1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 14 Total employee turnover rate 33. 6 35. 7 34. 6 By gender Male 37. 8 40. 0 39. 4 Female 32. 1 34. 1 32. 7 By age group16 24 49. 3 50. 7 47. 4 25 40 31. 4 33. 3 32. 0 41 and above 25. 1 26. 3 28. 5 By geographical regionMainland China 33. 7 35. 7 34. 6 Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, and overseas regions 27. 3 37. 3 34. 8 14 In 2023 and 2022, the employee turnover rate is calculated based on our latest standards and the 2022 employee turnover rate is adjusted retrospectively. Employee turnover includes the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are labor-intensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 167 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect B1 EmploymentB1. 3 Total newly hired workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region Total number of newly hired employeesPerson 33, 500 Not disclosed Not disclosed By genderMale 28. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 71. 2 Not disclosed Not disclosed By rankPresident level 0. 01 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 0. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 2. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 25. 39 Not disclosed Not disclosed By age group16 24 28. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed 25 40 66. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed 41 and above 5. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023168 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyB2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 15 Number of work-related fatalitiesPerson 1 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury16 Office employees Day 458. 5 1, 060 422 Production and logistics staffDay 1, 434. 5 2, 269 2, 313 Retail employees Day 3, 073. 5 4, 121 2, 078 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingB3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 17 Percentage of employees trained 95. 1 92. 5 79. 7 Employees trained by gender Male 23. 7 23. 7 23. 0 Female 76. 3 76. 3 77. 0 Employees trained by rankPresident level 0. 1 0. 1 0. 1 Director level 1. 5 1. 4 1. 4 Manager level 7. 4 6. 9 7. 1 Officers and others 72. 7 72. 3 77. 6 Production staff 18. 3 19. 3 13. 8 15 Data obtained from the human resources department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. Number and rate of work-related fatalities data during the financial year was verified by a third party organization. The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injur y data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant categor y (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023170 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect B5 Supply Chain ManagementB5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region 19 Total number of suppliers Number 801 524 459 Suppliers in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan region 89. 5 96. 0 95. 9 T1 suppliers in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan regionNumber 245 Not disclosed Not disclosed T2 suppliers in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan regionNumber 331 Not disclosed Not disclosed T3 suppliers in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan regionNumber 141 Not disclosed Not disclosed Suppliers overseas 10. 5 4. 0 4. 1 T1 suppliers overseas Number 22 Not disclosed Not disclosed T2 suppliers overseas Number 39 Not disclosed Not disclosed T3 suppliers overseas Number 23 Not disclosed Not disclosed B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented 19 Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 94. 0 92. 4 96. 6 Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certificationNumber 245 257 267 Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certificationNumber 180 184 162 Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 119 111 65 Number of suppliers with Bluesign certificationNumber 39 38 45 19 The scopes of 2022 and 2021 s data only covered ANT A and FILA suppliers managed by the Group s procurement department, including the number of tier 1 suppliers, and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 171 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2023 2022 2021 Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityB6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products 0. 00 0. 01 Not applicable B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 20 Product complaints21Case 228, 430 290, 439 294, 924 Among which Footwear 68. 7 69. 4 63. 8 Apparel 30. 5 29. 4 35. 0 Accessories 0. 8 1. 2 1. 2 Service complaints Case 15, 966 9, 903 6, 060 Aspect B7 Anti-corruptionB7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practicesCase 0 0 1 B7. 3 Anti-corruption training provided to directors and employees Anti-corruption training for top management and Board members 22Number of participants 908 804 728 Anti-corruption training for office employees 100 100 100 Anti-corruption training for Board members 100 100 100 Aspect B8 Community InvestmentB8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 59 23 65 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 250 Over 200 Over 270 20 The scope of data on the number of products and service related complaints received is ANT A and FILA. The scope of statistics includes quality complaints, 400 hotline complaints and online complaints. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2023172 AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company (with internationally recognised brands including Arc teryx, Salomon, Wilson, Peak Performance, Atomic, etc.) incorporated in the Republic of Finland AMER SPORTS, INC. Amer Sports, Inc., a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE AS) AMER SPORTS LISTING The listing of Amer Sports, Inc. s ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) AS HOLDING Amer Sports Holding (Cayman) Limited, a joint venture of the Company prior to the completion of the Amer Sports Listing and the post-listing reorganisation at the shareholders level of Amer Sports, Inc. on 9 February 2024 AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BLUESIGN Bluesign BOARD Board of DirectorsCEO The chief executive officer Co-chief executive officer(s) of the Company (as applicable) CDP CDP Global CG CODE Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules CHAIRMAN Chairman of the board of directors of the Company CHINA PRC People s Republic of China COC Chinese Olympic Committee CO2Carbon dioxide CO2 equivalent CO2e Carbon dioxide equivalent DEI Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DIRECTOR(S) Director(s) of the Company DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the CompanyFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The sub-brand of FILA, which offers youth s trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FSC Forest Stewardship Council GHG Greenhouse gas GOTS Global Organic Textile Standard GROUP ANTA GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries GRS Global Recycled Standard HIGG FEM Higg Facility Environmental Module HONG KONG HONG KONG SAR The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong LimitedGLOSSARY IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent non-executive director(s) of the Company IPCC United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change IPE Institute for Public and Environmental Affairs ISPO Munich International Trade Fair for Sporting Goods and Sports Fashion in Munich ISSB International Sustainability Standards Board KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) LWG Leather Working Group MACAO MACAO SAR The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC MAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan region MIS Management Information SystemMRSL The Manufacturing Restricted Substance List MSCI Morgan Stanley Capital International Global Standard Index NGFS Central Banks and Supervisors Network for Greening the Financial System NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Non-executive director(s) of the Company PE Polyethylene R&D Research and development RCS Recycled Claim Standard RDS Responsible Down Standard REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RFID Radio-frequency identification RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC RSL The Restricted Substance ListSBTi Science Based Targets initiative SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SLCP Social & Labor Convergence Program SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The Sustainability Committee of the Company TCFD Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures UNGC United Nations Global Compact UNHCR United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees WBCSD World Business Council for Sustainable Development WEPs Women s Empowerment Principles WWF World Wildlife Fund OCS Organic content standard OEKO-TEX International association for research and testing in the field of textile ecology YEAR The year ended 31 December 2023 ZDHC Zero Discharge of Hazardous Chemicals Concept and Design - Mens Creation Ltd. www. The eastern cattle egret, a national second-class protected animal, is mostly a resident bird in the regions south of the Yangtze River in China, while in the areas north of the Yangtze River, it is mainly a summer migrant. The BMW Lydia plant in China, with nearly 1. 5 million square meters of green area, provides abundant food resources for a large number of eastern cattle egrets, making it an ideal habitat for these birds. As of August 2023, more than a hundred cattle egrets have been living here. The BMW Group China 2023 Sustainability Report provides stakeholders with comprehensive information about the company s sustainability ambitions and progress. The topics included here have been selected and weighted in accordance with the findings of a systematic materiality process. The content of the Report was prepared to comply with the GRI Standards by the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). The BMW Group China supports and promotes the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through its business operations, in particular SDG 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. The beginning of each section will use icons to illustrate the connection between our business and these SDGs. REPORTING PERIOD REPORTING STANDARD COVER NOTE THIRD-PARTY ASSURANCEFor ease of presentation and readability, Any joint activities for BMW entities in China within the reporting scope are also referred to as BMW in China, the BMW Group China, and We in this report. For content beyond China entities, it will refer to BMW Group or others. Since 2013, BMW has been disclosing sustainability information in China. In the reporting year of 2022, the BMW Group China took a further step by expanding the scope of its Sustainability Report across seven entities of the BMW Group in mainland China, including BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. (BMW Brilliance) and its wholly-owned subsidiary LingYue Digital Information T echnology Co., Ltd. (LingYue), BMW China Investment Ltd. (BMW China Investment), BMW China Automotive T rading Ltd. (BMW China), BMW Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. (BMW Automotive Finance), BMW China Services Ltd. (BMW China Services) and Herald International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Herald Leasing). This report is addressed to stakeholders in China and is available in simplified Chinese and English. ABBREVIATIONSREPORTING SCOPE BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202302 This is our Communication on Progress in implementing the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and supporting broader UN goals. About This ReportCONTENTS Visionary Direction 04 Voice from Management 09 An Overview of BMW Group China 10 Highlights in 2023 11 Featured Topic Action to Climate Change 13 Featured Topic Resource Efficiency & Circular Economy 14 Featured Topic Stakeholder Empowerment00Production and Operation 46 Resource Consumption and Efficiency 55 Green Logistics03 Fundamental 16 From Strategy to Action 21 Corporate Governance01Dealer and Supply Chain 59 Dealer Management and Empowerment 65 Purchasing and Supplier Network04 Products and Services 28 Premium Quality and Safety 31 Sustainable Products 38 Customer-centric Services02Employee and Society 71 Future-proof Job 77 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 81 Benefits and Well-being 86 Contributions to Social Prosperity05 Other Information 96 Sustainability Data Summary 102 GRI Content Index 113 Limited Assurance Report 115 Basis of Reporting06BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202303 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION In 2023, we experienced renewed inflation, environmental, and economic challenges leading to significant market volatility worldwide. These challenges, however, may spark innovations for rapid development, making decisive and measurable actions critical. BMW s sustainable journey in China began over two decades ago. In a changing market, we focus on long-term goals by investing in innovation, adhering to sustainable practices, and partnering for shared success. BMW Group China offers a robust electric car portfolio, showcasing our commitment to E-mobility. By the end of 2023, we introduced six fully electric models in China and will add a seventh in 2024. Electromobility is vital for climate-neutral mobility, and we aim to have electric vehicles comprise 50 of our global sales by 2030. Digital transformation is key to improving supply chain efficiency, production, and customer service through AI, data science, and virtualisation. Circularity is also crucial, and BMW Group China is rapidly adopting a circular economy model to enhance resource efficiency and reduce waste. Over the past decade, our sustainability initiatives have diversified whilst the strategic direction has grown more focused. This demonstrates our commitment to impactful sustainability across our operations in China, emphasising a scientific approach to accountability and ambitious actions for sustainable development. Mr. Sean Green President and CEO, BMW Group ChinaEMBRACING RESPONSIBILITY WITH LONG- TERM THINKING VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 04 Over the past decades, BMW Brilliance has experienced significant growth alongside China s economy. As an integral part of the Chinese industrial ecosystem, BMW Brilliance has forged close collaboration with our partners, jointly creating opportunities and achieving mutual growth. Through knowledge sharing, talent development, and technology we can break down barriers, spark innovation, and accelerate progress. We have passed numerous milestones on China s journey to carbon neutrality, and we are well- prepared to play our role and help face this challenge. The BMW Group understands the level of transformation required to meet global climate goals and has taken an ambitious and science-based approach to setting our targets, which is reflected in joining the Business Ambition for 1. 5 C pledge. Accelerating progress by raising standards that benefit the industry. BMW Group specifies 100 renewable electricity usage for future BMW product as part of the direct-supplier (Tier 1) nomination requirements. At the end of 2023, around 50 of the electricity consumed by local direct-suppliers (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. By the end of 2023, these efforts have helped BMW Brilliance to reduce supply chain emissions by over 400, 000 tCO 2. BMW Brilliance is collaborating with its partners to help make green supply chains a reality. By signing Memorandums of Understandings (MoU) for low carbon aluminium we support the use of renewable electricity in electrolytic aluminium production thereby reducing emissions by 14 tonnes per ton of aluminium produced. Furthermore by using recycled aluminium materials, we can reduce emissions by 18 tonnes per tonne of aluminium produced. During 2023, 1, 041 tonnes of HVB raw materials were secured and re-processed into brand-new battery packs for 2, 400 BMW i3 vehicles meeting the same quality standard as every other BMW i3 battery pack. Through our retail initiatives, over 250 dealers were awarded the Network Transformation Green Star certificate after taking steps to build more sustainable operations, including reducing their energy consumption and switching to green power ultimately using 1, 530, 000 MWh of renewable electricity. Water, a finite resource, is not discharged, but kept in use, and since 2016, we have continued to expand reclaimed water usage in our production. In 2023, the total volume of recycled wastewater reached 159, 325 m across all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase from last year. Only with collaborations we can safeguard future generations. ENGAGE STAKEHOLDERS THROUGH SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVES BMW Brilliance aims not only for business growth, but also for the mutual growth of people, cultures, and communities. In April 2024, the BMW Group China, in collaboration with the Network of International Cultural Link Entities of Ministry of Culture & Tourism and the China Education Development Foundation, jointly launched the BMW China Culture Journey - Grand Canal Cultural Protection and Education Public Welfare Programme. This initiative aims to extend our 18-years of experience helping to protecting China s intangible cultural heritage to the Grand Canal. VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 06 Ms. Nicole Guenther President, BMW China Services Ltd. A sustainable supply chain provides the foundation for a long- term business success. The sustainability activities of the BMW Group China start with our supplier network, which accounts for more than 60 of total value added, making a significant contribution to sustainability. Responsible, sustainable, and lawful behaviour is one of our core values and is firmly anchored in BMW Group China s supply chain. Over the last several years, we have expanded our strategic collaborations with local suppliers to ensure the availability of low-carbon materials by signing Memorandums of Understanding (MoU) and establishing closed-loop recycling for different types of materials, including batteries, steel and aluminium. Design and engineering are the fundamental stage to initiate sustainability concept. By integrating sustainability into product development, rather than treating it as an afterthought, we are reducing costs and time investment through efficient use of resources. From interiors to electromagnetic protection, we ensure no toxic substances inside the vehicles, and no harmful emissions from interior parts, while keeping low magnetic emissions. From product materials to energy efficiency, we aim to increase the material recyclability and secondary raw material usage, reduce energy consumption and carbon footprint. By redesigning components, from alloy-cast wheels made from continually increasing secondary aluminum, to innovative sustainable 3D textile that is completely plant-based, mineral based and petroleum-free for Vision Neue Klasse X concept, we keep pushing the limit to make luxury sustainable and inspiring. Mr. Robert Kuessel Senior Vice President, Technology and Manufacturing, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. For automotive manufacturing sector, advanced technologies can promote resource and energy efficiency and reduce the carbon footprint of vehicles. This approach not only redefines precision and flexibility, but also enables environmental stewardship. By consistently applying resource efficiency and circularity concepts, we can set clear and trackable targets for decarbonisation, energy, resource use, and waste reduction. This approach allows us to optimise energy use, material sourcing, logistics, and more. In 2023, water consumption per vehicle produced was 1. 72 m 3, 40 less compared to 2019. For logistics, we used sea freight throughout 2023 for inbound production supplies, and the total sea freight transportation volume increased by 10 compared with 2022. For packaging containers, we seek process optimisation and lean production throughout their lifecycle, and last year 50, 719 plastic container parts were recycled. With every step we take, sustainability and responsibility are deeply embedded into every aspect of our operations. Responsible and sustainable behaviour is one of our core values and is firmly anchored in BMW Group s corporate strategy. For the BMW, one thing is certain we want to lead the way when it comes to sustainability. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 07 Mr. J rg Friebel President, Financial Services Region China and CEO, BMW Automotive Finance (China) Co., Ltd. BMW s financial services offer tailored financing options, leasing solutions, and insurance products specifically designed for New Energy Vehicles (NEVs) that enable customer demands. Through the digital financial customer platform, we can provide a fully digitalised experience and end-to-end financial process that makes the switch to NEVs and more efficient vehicles easier than ever before. Our offerings go beyond financial support. Ms. Rebecca Li Head of Customer Interaction Services at Lingyue Digital Information Technology Co., Ltd. Digitalisation enhances sustainability solutions. As an innovation incubator and data service provider, Lingyue prioritises digital channels to effectively enhance customer engagement and optimise customer-centric services. At the same time, we consider our customer s information security and privacy protection to be the foundation of a reliable, steady yet effective value creation journey. The concept of no premium without sustainability is also reflected in BMW s Sales and Marketing in China. With China now at the forefront of technology trends and defining future mobility, BMW is dedicated to meeting this demand by inspiring our customers to make appropriate, sustainable decisions about product selection, and making our employees and retail partners to become ambassadors for BMW s sustainability ambition. By end of 2023, 580, 000 public charging pillars were connected, and the number has reached 710, 000 by June 2024. On top of that, BMW Brilliance established a High Power Charging Joint Venture in China together with Mercedes-Benz to set up at least 1, 000 charging stations by the end of 2026, using renewable energy where possible to create a sustainable charging experience for Chinese customers. Sustainability is central to the premium experience we provide to customers. VOICES FROM MANAGEMENT VISIONARY DIRECTION Voice from ManagementOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 08 In April 1994, the BMW Group set up a representative office in China the BMW Automotive Trading Ltd. Beijing Representative Office, marking its official entry into the Chinese market. In May 2003, BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd. was founded as a joint venture of the parent companies BMW Group and Brilliance China Automotive Holdings Ltd. Now, it has become BMW Group s largest manufacturing base worldwide. The BMW Group s business in China includes research and development (R&D), procurement, manufacturing, aftersales service, and comprehensive services, such as financial services, leasing, digital solutions and services, and the import and sales of BMW branded cars, MINI cars and Rolls-Royce. The BMW Group underlines its long-term commitment to At Home in China, through continuous investment and a determination to integrate high-quality development driven by digitalisation and sustainability. AT A GLANCEAn Overview of BMW Group ChinaBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202309 VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL Highlights in 2023 HIGHLIGHTS IN 2023 JANUARY 2023 LingYue China IT DepOps Hub Innovation Summit held successfully. MARCH BMW Group Award for Social Responsibility 2023 applications opened, encouraging employee participation in volunteer activities. BMW Group China Culture Journey T raditional Handicraft Creative Design Competition officially kicked off. The New BMW X1 was awarded a 5-star rating from Euro- NCAP and earned straight-A results in the C-IASI safety tests. BMW Group presented the Supply Chain Sustainability Award in China for the first time. NOVEMBER BMW Brilliance signed dual MoUs to secure a sustainable supply of low-carbon aluminium. Construction of the Gen6 Battery Project at the BMW Shenyang production base was completed. BMW s high-voltage battery lifecycle management platform for integrated data and real-time monitoring was upgraded. The BMW M HYDRID drive system received the Global New Energy Vehicles Innovative T echnology 2023 Award at the World New Energy Vehicle Conference (WNEVC). The first-ever BMW iX1 rolled off the assembly line. JUL Y BMW Group China has supported rural education in two counties in Yunnan for the third time. BMW Group China Culture Journey - Fujian T ea T our promotes sustainability through cultural protection. BMW Brilliance became one of the first automakers to join the Auto Low Carbon Initiative. MAY The BMW Brilliance 20th Anniversary Press Conference and BMW Gen6 Battery Project groundbreaking ceremony was held. During the BMW Brilliance s 20th Anniversary press conference, the BMW Group announced the NEUE KLASSE vehicle would be produced by BMW Brilliance in Shenyang starting in 2026. FEBRUARY The Shenyang Production Base reached a cumulative production milestone of 5 million vehicles. BMW was recognised as the only exemplary entity from the automotive industry for Cyberspace Green and Low-carbon Initiative 2023 during the 2nd China Digital Carbon Neutrality Summit. Five BMW Brilliance models received CAQ s (China Association for Quality) 2022 China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index Award. The reporting and verification for the data along the value chain remains challenging in the past as most of the reporting was voluntary and certain regulations3 might pose difficulties for firms to seek detailed information from an n-Tier supply chain. One element of the solutions is to standardise an internationally harmonised carbon accounting and reduction approach. Under such framework conditions, the GHG Protocol4 standard rightly allows companies to supplement measured data or supplier-specific data with industry-average data from independent data providers. While this enables guesstimates which provides a good start, due to the lack of internationally recognised accounting method, the use of secondary data and industry average data oftentimes lead to high variability of results of same products and inaccurate accounting of supply chain decarbonisation effort. The continued reliance on regional or data providers default-average values could pose challenges to reflect and make mitigation deductions measurements accountable. Such framework needs to allow the firm to report emissions unique to its supply chain taking into account the mitigation results achieved by the firm and its suppliers. As a uniform data rulebook and database is crucial step to provide a cooperative environment where transparent, reliable, and complete CO 2 data can be exchanged and respectively be measured and reported across the entire value chain. BMW Group supports and drives forward pursuing primary data instead of secondary and average emission factor for product carbon footprint calculation at corporate level. In turn, sustainability action takers can fully engage the effort to contribute the part on the journey of decarbonisation. BMW CARBON ACCOUNTING POSITION Introduction Scientists are observing changes in across the Earth s climate system, according to the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC 2021) report1. However, strong and sustained reductions in emissions of carbon dioxide (CO 2) and other greenhouse gases would limit climate change. External environment & challenges Following the global consensus of Paris Agreement, numerous countries and governments, investors, and companies are increasingly adopting net zero commitment and started to translate the agreements into policies and targets. However, it can be challenging for nations, governments, and companies to accurately measure and benchmark their carbon emission reduction objectives. Multiple regulations and proposals2 have been drafted simultaneously with separate legal texts, which in most cases are not aligned with one another especially on the accounting methodology. GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT To scale-up our decarbonisation efforts, we advocate for transparency and accountability across the value chain. This starts from upstream material sourcing through to new, high-quality and innovative production. SUPPL Y CHAIN DECARBONISATION TRANSPARENCY ACCELERATING RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY TRANSITION IN SUPPL Y CHAIN 50 nominated local direct-suppliers electricity consumption for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. High Voltage Battery (HVB) cell suppliers adopted renewable electricity in their production. aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers adopted renewable electricity. TRANSITION TO RENEWABLE ENERGY CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY 90. 2 MWp 2023 on-site solar PV capacity 20. 6 vs 2022 0. 83 vs 2022 3. 46 vs 2022 0. 82 vs 2022 Domestics lmported LOW-CARBON TRANSPORTATION MODEEXPAND NEV PRODUCT PORTFOLIO BMW Group China have expanded its NEV product portfolio to total of seven models in China. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT FOR ICE1 VEHICLES AI based technology has been piloted to steer daily operations and check monthly energy targets. In-time energy consumption analysis Energy consumption forecast Potential energy efficiency improvement measuresStarting 2019 Renewable electricity Starting 2022 Heating Coal to Gas Starting 2023 Green heating GeothermalStarting 2023 Biomethane Exploration 14 parts inbound logistic suppliers committed to 100 rail freight. BMW Group China achieved over 400, 000 tCO 2e carbon emissions reduction in the upstream supply chain through first contractually agreed decarbonisation measures during this reporting period. Aerodynamics Various technology is adopted to further reduce aerodynamic drag. g km 165. 7 g km 3. 45 vs 2022 6. 99 L 100km6. 03 L 100kmAverage fleet CO 2 emission CAFC UPSCALING THE USE OF ELECTRIC CARRIERS 20 E-Trucks deployed in inbound logistics. H2 Trucks co- developed with a strategic partner. GREEN CHARGING SERVICES 251 dealers were been awarded the NT Green Star by the end of 2023. Easy Charge Technology Equipped on 150, 000 public high- power direct current (DC) charging stations. Beijing Regional Distribution Centre BMW Brilliance Automotive office awarded LEED Gold Certificate for Interior Design and Construction. m2 warehouse roof space covered 400 kW photovoltaic installedShenyang RDC solar PV installations construction plan Featured topic 1 Part 2 BMW NETWORK TRANSFORMATION (NT) GREEN STARBMW iFACTORY STRATEGY It facilitates flexible, efficient production to minimise the use of resources and setting new standards in climate protection. Internal combustion engine ACTION TO CLIMATE CHANGE VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202313 Featured T opic 2 RESOURCE EFFICIENCY & CIRCULAR ECONOMY We view the circular economy as a key approach for designing more resource-efficient vehicles. As an alternative to traditional linear economies, the idea is to find the best way to keep materials in the cycle ensuring resources are not lost, but retain their value for long-term use. To decouple growth from resource extraction and waste, the BMW Group China is taking steps to increase circularity and use secondary materials. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SUPPLY CHAINPRODUCTION LOGISTICS AND TRANSPORTSALES AND UTILISATION DISPOSAL AND RECYCLINGSustainable product design Light weight construction contributes to lower fuel consumption, greater range, and more enjoyable driving experience. Recycled material BMW iX1 is equipped with wheels utilising 70 recycled aluminium. Aluminium ingot 50 secondary raw material use for aluminium ingot foundry as of the end of 2023. Innovative bio-based material Upholstery variant offered in Neue Klasse includes textile dashboard and vegan leatherette. Sustainable product customer protection rating BMW i5 eDrive 35L given a 5-star rating in the China-Green Car Assessment Program (C-GCAP) review and lithium recycling in 2023, secondary Aluminium and nickel are used in battery cell production. t recycled scrap steel in 2023Recycled ceramic and iron mud from engine factories as raw materials for cement production through cooperation with third- party cement factories. Packaging planning defined standardisation for reuse based on container status. containers were reused. HVB reuse Scale up secondary use of HVBs forklifts, pallet trucks, power storage station Expand the scope of remanufactured parts 351, 634 pieces of parts collected for remanufacturing, 766 t of material recycled1 3 2 45 6Featured topic 2 Green environment Saving energy and resource by integrating interior design and architecture, ground source heat pump, car wash water recycling system, photovoltaics, and LED lighting, etc. Green operation Provide recycling services including HVB and spare parts. VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202314 Featured T opic 3 STAKEHOLDER EMPOWERMENT A sustainable future cannot be created by one company alone. BMW recognises the urgent need to collaborate across our value chain to unleash partnerships and innovations. INDUSTRY SUPPLIER PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY DEALER EMPLOYEE Government Supported the Ministry of Ecology and Environment s Department of Communication and Education to host sustainable development related activities, such as the National Low Carbon Day. Industry Association BMW Group China hosted a series of technical expert conferences and workshops to promote technical exchange with leading business partners. Thinktanks China Development Research Foundation Supported Research Project In order to promote the low-carbon transformation and development of China s economy, the China Development Research Foundation (CDRF) and the BMW Group have set up the Green T ransformation of Industrial Chains project. The project focuses on key industries such as iron and steel, automobile, green power and power battery, systematically researches the path and standards of green transformation of the industrial chain. International Sustainable Mobility Research Platform BMW collaborated with T singhua University and international academic scholars to 1. At the end of 2023, around 50 of the electricity consumed by nominated local direct-suppliers (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. Secondary raw material use achievements in 2023 70 in precious metals, 50 in Aluminium ingot for foundry plant, continued closed loop for high voltage battery, 30 secondary thermoplastic material utilised in exterior & interior. Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) T raining Offline and online offline training in Chinese and English on social responsibility, EHS, and decarbonisation was provided to suppliers. Dealer Empowerment Reshape comprehensive capabilities Enable talent development Accelerate NEV transformation and digitalisation Empower partners to open up new sales model Implement a retail transformation strategy Dealer Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities Enhancing stakeholder engagement through dealerships CSR activities. In 2023, 355 dealerships participated in 603 CSR activities. Dealer Sustainability Summit Award T o encourage more dealers to join BMW Group China s climate action. Digital Online Learning to Enrich Innovative T raining The Digital Boost programme focused on helping non-production employees enhance their digital knowledge. All-around T raining Technical training Leadership training VISIONARY DIRECTIONOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL 01CHAPTER 1 FUNDAMENTAL 1. 1 From Strategy to Action 16 1. 2 Corporate Governance 21BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202315 FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY 1. 1 FROM STRATEGY TO ACTION 1st In 2023 China s Automotive Industry Green Development Index for five consecutive years. In the face of accelerating change in the world, the BMW Group China remains steadfast in our commitment to sustainability. Our sustainable development strategy continuously adapts to the evolving business environment and external challenges. SDG 16 and 17FACING THE FUTURE, ACCELERATING SUSTAINABILITY AT HOME IN CHINABMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202316 From Strategy to ActionFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202317 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action SUSTAINABILITY MEGA TRENDS Global sustainability has faced severe challenges in recent years. The economic hardships, and environmental crises have all hampered progress towards the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In 2023, in the face of increasing levels of global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, extreme weather conditions and loss of biodiversity, efforts to respond are accelerating. With digital transformation, increasing public awareness of sustainability, and inclusive development, focuses are shifting from safeguarding livelihoods to enhancing quality of life. Governments, businesses, and other institutions are taking important measures to move global sustainability towards a more harmonious relationship with nature and create a more prosperous society. The automotive industry is transitioning towards connectivity, autonomy, and electrification. In 2023, BMW focused its investments on the electric and digital development of vehicles, along with advancements in autonomous driving technology. With significant progress in its electrification transformation, the BMW Group continues to strengthen its business foundation, confidently striding towards the new era of mobility. As an automotive company deeply rooted in China, the BMW Group China s future is intertwined with the Chinese market. Adhering to our philosophy of At Home in China, we align our strategies with China s national sustainability priorities, taking concrete action to accelerate the adoption of electrification, digitalisation, and sustainable practices. DIALOGUE WITH STAKEHOLDERS As the sustainability concept continues to grow, governments, customers, employees and other stakeholders pay close attention to a company s performance in environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance. Adhering to the commitment of at Home in China, we engage in dialogue with local governments, customers, employees, and suppliers to foster long- term, mutually beneficial partnerships built on trust. We shared our insights on carbon reduction across the value chain, sustainability, and green mobility. As a pioneering member, BMW Brilliance joined the Green and Low-Carbon Development Initiative for Automobiles, reaffirming our dedication to green development and decarbonisation and aligning with China s blueprint for new energy industries. Our stakeholders, how we communicate with them, and their focuses, are listed in the adjacent table OUR STAKEHOLDER GROUPS AND ENGAGEMENT APPROACH Stakeholders Communication channels Focus topics EmployeesT rade Union, Digital Union platform, employee surveys, test-drive experiences, BMW Brilliance s 20th anniversary, Social Days, all-round training, WeChat, internal webpage, etc. Product quality and safety Compliance Air pollution Sustainable product portfolio Civil SocietyRoundtables, lectures and discussions with experts, and scholars, specialised local programmes, traineeships, vocational opportunities, mass media, etc. Product quality and safety Diversity, equality and inclusion Sustainable governance Information security and privacy protection BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202318 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT A materiality assessment serves as the starting point for identifying the topics to be disclosed in a sustainability report. It offers enterprises efficient action directions and key topics for sustainability reports, and is essential for disclosure. In 2022, the BMW Group China conducted a materiality assessment to identify and prioritise the sustainability issues that matter most to our business and key stakeholders. The assessment formed a matrix, with the horizontal axis representing the significance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group China, and the vertical axis representing relevance to the BMW Group China s business success. This matrix provides us with clear guidance, enabling us to focus more on advancing sustainability efforts and contributing to the harmonious coexistence of the economy, society, and the environment. BMW Group China 2022 Materiality Matrix OUR MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS We began by listing 20 potential issues grouped into four categories Product Responsibility Environmental Social Governance Defining Issues We collected over 350 questionnaires from a representative cross-section of our eight stakeholder groups, followed by 15 in-depth interviews with internal and external stakeholders. The result is a materiality matrix revealing the nine issues considered most relevant to BMW Group China as well as our stakeholders. Prioritising Issues We then grouped material issues into our strategic priorities. Our China Board has reviewed the results of our materiality analysis to validate the importance of each topic, and upon validation, we began crafting detailed action plans to deliver our commitment within each for each priority. Strategic PrioritiesSignificance of the environmental and social impact of the BMW Group ChinaRelevance to the BMW Group China s business success1 2 435 7 86 16 18 19 20 179 10 12 15141311Product Responsibility Environmental Social Governance 1 Sustainable product portfolio 2 Product quality and safety 3 Urban mobility and infrastructure 4 Connected and autonomous drivingProduct Responsibility 5 Decarbonisation across the value chain 6 Circular economy 7 Air pollution 8 Environment, ecology and resource managementEnvironmental 9 Responsible sourcing 10 Diversity, equality and inclusion 11 Occupational health and safety 12 Employee development and talent retention 13 Attractive workplace 14 Corporate citizenship & community engagement 15 Human rightsSocial 16 Compliance 17 Information security and privacy protection 18 Sustainable governance 19 Public policy participation 20 Stakeholder engagementGovernance BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202319 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action OUR ACTIONS ON MATERIAL ISSUES Material Issues Actions and initiatives Sustainable product portfolio Launched six fully electric models in the Chinese market the BMW i7, the all-new BMW i3, the BMW i4, the BMW iX, the BMW iX3 and the BMW iX1. dealers awarded NT Green Star status for their outstanding performance of providing green services. Circular economy Expand different types and values of secondary raw materials usage in our products through partnerships with suppliers. Amplifying parts remanufacturing. Compliance Implemented a Compliance Management System (CMS) at each entity with strong enforcement of the three-lines model. Product quality and safety Fortified total quality system through QC-QMS, ensuring products and services meet the highest standards. Environment, ecology and resource management In 2023, wastewater recycling achieved total volume of 159, 325 m3 for all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase compared to 2022. Grey water achieved multipurpose use, expanding use case from plants irrigation to paint shops and cooling towers. Implemented a dual-prevention mechanism for classification, investigation, and governance of hidden safety hazards that affect OHS management. Employee development and talent retention With an inextinguishable employer branding culture, conducted candidate-centric recruiting, i. e., BMW Needs Youthful You, Sparkling Internship Summer Camp, etc. Utilised digital tools and cutting-edge AI technology to accurately reach outstanding talents. Attractive workplace Offered well-rounded and diverse benefits. Public policy participation Strengthened communication with the government. Human rights Protected the labour rights and interests of employees. We have formulated our Supplier Code of Conduct in accordance with environmental and social standards. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. From Strategy to ActionFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202320 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION From Strategy to Action The annual target-setting process, where sustainability holds a central feature, necessitates business functions to establish and achieve specific targets. The China Board also shoulders the crucial responsibility of ensuring our company s operations adhere to the law and internal regulations, along with carrying out adequate risk management and control measures. On a daily basis, our internal business functions spearhead the implementation of sustainability-related decisions made by the China Board. This process is also guided and monitored by Management Circles across various business functions. Regular evaluations by these Circles guarantee that Board of Management directives are transformed into concrete action plans, and are then implemented at the operational level for implementation. ENHANCING CLIMATE RISK ASSESSMENT AND RESILIENCE The Earth s climate is undergoing significant changes. Extreme weather events, such as heatwaves, floods, droughts, and rising sea levels, are becoming more frequent. Climate risks not only pose a threat to the balance of natural ecosystems but also create serious challenges to the operational stability of businesses, supply chains, and even global social security. As a crucial part of the socio-economic landscape, enterprises must recognise the risks brought by climate change and take corresponding measures to enhance climate resilience. In 2023, we maintained our commitment to the ongoing evaluation and management of climate risks. By analysing risks against relevant standards, conducting physical risk and transition risks assessments for the whole company, we implemented countermeasures across plants, projects, and daily operations, building climate risk capacity, and encouraging employee efforts to address climate change. At the core of our leadership stands the BMW China Board, which directs the integration of sustainability into all key business decisions, leading our company on a path of sustained growth and advancement. Sustainability Governance at the BMW Group China CHINA BOARD CHINA SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLE DEDICATED SUSTAINABILITY CIRCLESCROSS-FUNCTIONAL AND DIVISIONAL CIRCLES SUSTAINABILITY OPERATIONS NETWORK ACROSS BUSINESS FUNCTIONSBoard LevelManagement LevelImplementation Level SDG 16 1. 2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE As an integral part of a multinational enterprise, BMW Group China strictly adheres to international and local laws and regulations, operating under stringent management standards. Our unwavering commitment ensures efficient compliance with all regulatory requirements while maintaining robust management practices, exemplifying our dedication to ethical business conduct. BMW Group China Honour List Advanced Authorised Economic Operator General Administration of Customs A-Level T ax Payer State T axation Administration Level A Entity State Administration of Foreign Exchange Enterprise Quality Level A China Quality Certification Centre Labour Protection Level A Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security Honest Entity Ministry of Ecology and EnvironmentBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202321 Corporate GovernanceFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTIONSOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202322 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT At BMW Group China, compliance extends beyond conforming with laws and company regulations. Compliance forms the cornerstone of our long-term success, fosters trust in our products and brands, and shapes the public s understanding of the sustainability of our company. ROBUST GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE At BMW Group China, our governance structure encompasses a wide network of compliance management boards, functions and roles to implement an effective Compliance Management System (CMS) at each entity. Business departments are the first line, which is responsible for lawful conduct during the performance and operation of the daily business to ensure compliance requirements and processes are implemented accordingly. The Compliance organisation is the second line, which supports the first line business departments with exercising their compliance responsibilities. A multi-layer comprehensive compliance organisation is in place, consisting of Group Compliance and Divisional Compliance functions, as well as local compliance functions and Compliance delegates ambassadors. Corporate audit is the third line, which is responsible for independent auditing of compliance structures, processes and systems that support company management, monitoring functions and operational management. Compliance committees are management boards that supervise and approve activities, as well as manage compliance and reputation risks. BMW Group China has implemented a robust organisational framework to uphold accountability across its operations. At the joint venture BMW Brilliance, for example, compliance accountability at the shareholder level resides with the Board of Directors (BoD) and the Audit and Compliance Committee (AC). Business departments, the first line, are responsible for identifying compliance risks within their daily operations, assessing these risks in alignment with corporate objectives, and implementing controls to mitigate them. All departments also have a designated Compliance Interface role (Compliance Interfaces), to serve as a bridge between business units and the central compliance function. Legal and responsible conduct is fostered through coordination between the central compliance function, designated compliance oversight roles, and business departments. For all entities of BMW Group China, the Corporate Governance & Compliance department oversees compliance programs. Other departments, such as Legal Affairs, Controlling, Tax, Customs and Export Control, IT, Corporate Quality, and Human Resources, also broadly serve as compliance steering functions by providing guidance on compliance-related matters within their respective areas of expertise. BOARD OF DIRECTORS AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE & COMPLIANCE DEPARTMENT COMPLIANCE OPERATIONS NETWORKCompliance Governance Structure BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202323 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION THREE-STAGE APPROACH TO COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM AND COMPLIANCE TOPICS The BMW Group China s Compliance Management System (CMS) is based on the Prevent, Detect, and Respond Model, which defines specific measures for prevention, monitoring, control and response. The CMS is customised to BMW Group China entities risk situation and addresses all relevant compliance topics. These topics include antitrust compliance, corruption prevention, fraud prevention, data compliance, export control, and anti-money laundering, among others. At the corporate level, the BMW Group Code of Conduct integrates the corporate principles of the BMW Group. For employees and the public, it offers transparency about key compliance areas. Through compliance risk assessment, we can identify business-specific compliance risks and mitigation measures. IT-driven compliance systems enable transparent and efficient documentation, assessment, and approval of compliance-related issues. The BMW Group China SpeakUP Line notification system is promoted to address questions and concerns appropriately. In addition, we have various monitoring levels to periodically review adherence to and implementation of compliance rules and processes. BMW Group China also encourages business departments to take more proactive measures related to anti-fraud, including job rotation for high fraud-risk positions, and enhancement of subcontracting management. At the same time, we actively identify fraud leads and address root causes. The BMW Group urges all employees to avoid situations that may result in a conflict of interest. Any risk of conflicts of interest should be disclosed and documented in a transparent manner. Local company- level instruction on conflicts of interest is in place to form a sound basis and provide immediate guidance to this topic. In 2023, a series of actions have been implemented on conflicts of interest, including trainings, all-staff communications, and declaration, to further raise awareness, mitigate risks and ensure transparency. In 2023, stronger collaboration between Group and local compliance functions ensures various Group compliance initiatives are effectively implemented with local adaption and customisation. Among other initiatives, the Group Compliance Management System Certification Project aims to enhance and provide further assurance of compliance management system effectiveness at both Group and local level. Under Group Compliance s guidance and support from a external consulting service, compliance programs of Anti-Corruption and Antitrust Compliance of BMW Group China have been further optimised with continuous and cohesive measures. Local Legal Framework Monitoring integrated general compliance management standards into the local legal context, which continuously enhanced the overall compliance management maturity. Financial Services also has a comprehensive compliance management team to communicate and implement regulatory requirements, support overall compliance matters, and promote compliance culture within the Financial Services segment. associates were provided customised classroom training. one-on-one sessions were arranged for all newly onboard Compliance Responsibles and Interfaces. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202324 Corporate Governance OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION DATA COMPLIANCE AND INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT BMW Group China s product and service development integrates stringent data protection standards in the early stages. We emphasise transparency, openness, and security, underpinned by a robust governance framework. Our policies, standards and processes are crafted to ensure the security and accuracy of data and to comply with China s and other market-specific regulatory requirements. COMPLIANCE AWARENESS PROMOTION Fostering a culture of compliance within BMW Group China is achieved through internal communication and training initiatives. By empowering employees to take personal accountability for ethical and lawful conduct within their respective domains, a robust compliance mindset permeates the workforce. In 2023, the importance of compliance and clear expectations was conveyed through Tone from the Top videos and Executive Dialogues by top management across BMW Group China. The videos were communicated through multiple internal channels, such as the Associates Communication Letter, BMW China Intranet Newsletter and E-poster, JoyChat App, Compliance Day Event, as well as, the new associates onboarding compliance package. This regular compliance campaign aims to refresh compliance knowledge and raise awareness in an engaging and timely manner. Furthermore, compliance communication letters focusing on various compliance topics are sent to all associates or target groups to remind them of compliance risks and requirements on a regular basis, which also effectively helps to enhance compliance awareness and competence. The regular compliance periodicals, including Legislation Express, Case Study, News Clippings, Quiz & Interaction keep them informed of the latest developments relevant to the industry. The 40 periodicals published in 2023 drew 661, 604 clicks on the WeCompliance JoyChat account. More than sixty joint classroom training sessions were provided to more than 2, 800 associates across -entities who have specific business needs or need to manage certain compliance risks. Our Compliance Interfaces Ambassadors took part in the 2023 Joint Compliance Interface Ambassador Workshop to reinforce requirements, exchange opinions on challenges and hot topics, and share best practices. A total of 153 Compliance Interfaces Ambassadors attended the event. In 2023, 40 one-on-one sessions were arranged for all newly-onboarded compliance interfaces or responsibles at division or department level. At the management level, to serve cross-entities and cross-functions needs regarding data and ensure compliance, A cross-functional governance project was established in 2021. The department of Data Governance was established to help the company meet its data compliance commitments as we develop and implement new technologies, products, and services. The Data Compliance Officer (DCO) ensures conformity of design and implementation of overall data compliance and conducts compliance reviews of data processing activities. INFORMATION AND DATA SECURITY MANAGEMENT BMW Group China takes information and data security very seriously. We are committed to continuously reinforcing our information security management, specifically cybersecurity, IT security and production network security. In order to continuously improve cloud security maturity, we utilise an advanced automatic cloud security management tool. Before apps are published, we ensure that mobile app compliance requirements are thoroughly tested, using actual regulatory authority inspection criteria. BMW Group China entities, BMW Brilliance and LingYue, hold ISO IEC 27001 and 27701 certifications. LingYue also holds ISO IEC 27017, ISO IEC 27018 and ISO IEC 38505 certifications. In 2023, we participated in, and passed, the Intelligent Connected Vehicles (ICV) Cybersecurity & Data Security Inspection and Panshi Cybersecurity Certified Entities Certification Scheme First issuance 2023 Certified BMW Brilliance and LingYueISO IEC 27001 2022 Information security, cybersecurity and privacy protection - Information security management systems Requirements2020 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 27701 2019 Security techniques - Extension to ISO IEC 27001 and ISO IEC 27002 for privacy information management - Requirements and guidelines2020 Recertification Audit LingYueISO IEC 27017 2015 Information technology - Security techniques - Code of practice for information security controls based on ISO IEC 27002 for cloud services2021 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 27018 2019 Information technology - Security techniques - Code of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in public clouds acting as PII processors2021 Recertification Audit ISO IEC 38505 2017 Information technology - Governance of IT - Governance of data 2021 Recertification AuditBMW Group China certifications for information and data security management Attack and Defense Drill, organised by the Shanghai Communications Administration. In addition, we participated in credible risk frameworks and standards, and earned 39 certifications under China s Multi-Level Protection Scheme (MLPS) for cybersecurity, covering more than 86 applications. Focusing on data security, our data management guidelines, the Data Governance Instruction, comply with the requirements of the BMW Group and are in line with domestic regulations in China. With the central data governance structure, all aspects of data management have been enhanced, including data strategy, data standards, data quality, data architecture, and data security. As a result, we became the first original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and foreign automotive enterprise to receive the Data Management Capability Maturity Certification (DCMM) Level 3 (Managing Level) from the China Academy for Information and Communication Technology. The Various Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial) mainly aims to standardise the management of automotive data security, safeguard the personal information security of vehicle owners, and ensure the security of vehicle networks. For example, at BMW Brilliance and LingYue, compliance training and communication programmes are designed and delivered to every level of their compliance operation networks, to equip the business with adequate compliance capabilities to achieve business goals. Via our online platforms, we ensure appropriate behaviour and understanding of policies with training and communications, such as the Learning Management System, the E-learning System, and in-person meetings. For this reason, the fight against non-compliance remains a priority for us for the foreseeable future. CHAPTER 2 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 02 BMW Group China goes beyond automobile manufacture. We are committed to being a pioneer in promoting sustainable mobility and lifestyles, contributing to the sustainability of society and our planet. Premium Quality and Safety 28 2. 2 Sustainable Products 31 2. 3 Customer-centric Services 38BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202327 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 2. 1 PREMIUM QUALITY AND SAFETY SDG 3 1 Topped the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index (CACSI). defects The BMW X1 received an excellent performance in the China Insurance Automotive Safety Index (C-IASI) for structural crashworthiness. With our unwavering commitment to the highest standards and a quality-first culture, we take every measure to ensure the health and safety of our customers. BMW Brilliance promotes the BMW iFACTORY strategy in the automotive manufacturing process, striving for a zero-defect mindset and ensuring the highest standards of precision-targeted work. This quality-first culture in our business units, divisions and industry partners, drives our joint pursuit of excellence. In 2023, we strengthened collaboration and partnerships with the auditor community which covers the German Association of the Automotive Industry, business partners and BMW worldwide, in our unwavering pursuit of the highest quality. TOTAL QUALITY MANAGEMENT The BMW Group China maintains a rigorous quality management framework to ensure all products and services meet the highest standards for quality and safety. All our manufacturing bases in China are ISO 9001 certified, with the latest renewal audit in 2023. QC-QMS facilitates regular meetings to assess and enhance our quality control practices. PRODUCT SAFETY PRACTICES Product safety serves as a fundamental foundation for the BMW Group China. TOPPED THE CHINA AUTOMOBILE CUSTOMER SATISFACTION INDEX (CACSI) Five of our models defended titles in their own segments of the China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index in 2023. BMW 3 Series Top B-class Luxury SedanBMW 5 Series (Long-ranged and PHEV1) Top C-class Luxury SedanBMW X5 Top C-class SUVBMW X1 Top A-class Luxury SUVBMW X3 Top B-class Luxury SUV 3 5 X5 X1 X3 The Shenyang production base sits at the core of our manufacturing excellence. The Tiexi Plant employs cutting-edge digital tools, including 3D modelling, virtual reality (VR) technology, and virtual debugging, to facilitate efficient product development and in-process testing. The plant uses an industry-leading production management system and real-time location tracking technology to provide instant, transparent information during the vehicle assembly process. Every vehicle s quality data, such as geometric data, is tracked at different stages of production to ensure the highest product quality from the first process to the final vehicle roll-off. For China s local manufacturing, we developed the EMT2 practice for faster decision-making and problem-solving on quality issues. If a risk is identified, an independent quality management team collaborates promptly with R&D and the procurement teams on corrective measures. This ensures that non-conforming parts or vehicles do not proceed to the next stage until the issue is resolved. By adhering to this comprehensive quality management system, we demonstrate our commitment to innovation and technological leadership, ensuring that every BMW product delivered to Chinese customers meets our high standards of safety and quality. Our hazardous materials data is submitted in accordance with the China Quality Certification Centre Material Database System (CQC MDS) and China Automotive Material Data System (CAMDS) requirements. By using components crafted from high quality materials, we ensure that our products meet evolving design and standards requirements. Our comprehensive approach to protecting the health of our customers begins with tight monitoring of every production stage, from raw materials to finished vehicles. This process includes thorough checks for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and odours in the vehicle, ensuring compliance with the standards outlined in China s Guideline for Air Quality Assessment of Passenger Car (GB T 27630). All BMW Brilliance vehicles undergo testing under extreme conditions that simulate customer usage, which follows our stringent standard that exceeds the industry compliance level. with suppliers completing exemption applications in advance each year, reflecting our continuous efforts to optimise our supply chain management. Over the years, we have developed many hardware measures to create a more comfortable passenger experience by reducing interior noise. For instance, we are bringing in more sound insulating materials for new local projects, with a specific goal to improve the acoustic comfort for our Chinese customers. We have also invested in digitalised methodologies, such as active noise cancellation (ANC) which uses software to reduce interior noise. ANC reduces the need for hardware measures, which means lower weight and emissions. Through the BMW M Driving Experience China programme, we provide comprehensive training to cultivate safe driving habits and enhance drivers skills in navigating complex road conditions. In 2023, the programme attracted 15, 062 participants. EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE IN CHINA INSURANCE AUTOMOTIVE SAFETY INDEX (C-IASI) Structural crashworthiness 0 defects Safety index of pedestrians outside the vehicle excellentSafety index of passengers in the vehicle excellent Total vehicle assisted safety score scoring rate of 96. 6 FORECAST We will continue to uphold the quality-first culture and enhance our product safety practices. Through continuous technological innovation and quality enhancement, we aim to deliver high quality products to enable the best driving experiences for our customers. In structural crashworthiness, the BMW X1 received an excellent rating and achieved zero defects. In maintainability, the BMW X1 was the only vehicle to receive an excellent rating in 2023. 2. 2 SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS Effecting global change begins with transforming ourselves, and we have embraced this notion by enhancing our products, business practices, and services through technological innovation. These efforts align with our goals of mitigating the impacts of climate change, paving the way towards a sustainable future. SDG 9, 12 and 13BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202331 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202332 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO We fully support the Group s strategic objective to be the most sustainable manufacturer for individual premium mobility. Aligned with local governments goals, we are accelerating the transition to E-mobility and dedicated to further increase efficiency for conventional drive technologies. We are optimising our product portfolio. With sustainability in mind, BMW Vision Neue Klasse concept vehicles adopted much wider use of raw and secondary materials produced with reduced CO 2, the Neue Klasse will also provide significant impetus for resource-efficient individual mobility. BMW Group China offers a diversified and strong electric car portfolio demonstrating BMW s resolute transition to E-mobility. As of the end of 2023, we have introduced six fully electric models in the Chinese market the ground-breaking BMW i7, the all-new BMW i3, the BMW i4, the BMW iX, the BMW iX3 and the BMW iX1. BMW Group China achieved 99, 972 retail NEV deliveries throughout 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 69. 1. Our entire fleet from ICE to BEV upholds BMW s distinctive driving pleasure while aiming for less energy consumption and being more environmentally and socially responsible. At BMW, our goal extends beyond simply offering means for transportation we aim to provide innovative and sustainable mobility solutions to lead the future of individual mobility. By accelerating the global electrification of the BMW Group, we are paving the way for a future that prioritises environmental responsibility and sustainability. We are fully committed to optimising fuel efficiency and curtailing CO emissions. These remarkable achievements reflect our unwavering commitment to advanced automotive electrification and sustainability. AAAAA BMW Brilliance has been awarded the AAAAA rating in the China Automotive Technology and Research Centre s Green Development Index for five consecutive years. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202333 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CARBON FOOTPRINT REDUCTION AND INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS BMW Group China is at the forefront of sustainable automotive innovation, seamlessly integrating global strategies with local advancements. The company s commitment to sustainability is evident in its use of recyclable and bio-based materials, as well as its efforts to enhance both environmental stewardship and consumer awareness. PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE ASSESSMENT BMW Group China has undertaken a comprehensive Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) of our models, identifying opportunities to reduce carbon dioxide (CO 2) emissions along the value chain. In 2023, BMW Brilliance has strengthened its commitment to sustainability by conducting a comprehensive LCA analysis of the New X1 model. This analysis has included the assessment of the full life cycle carbon footprint, a crucial step that has contributed significantly to our CO 2 reduction efforts. Our At Home in China innovation approach tailors the globally established design concept to local cultural nuances that cater to the needs of the Chinese market. This practice, aligned with the BMW Group s BMW i5 eDrive35L 5-STAR RATING IN CHINA-GREEN CAR ASSESSMENT PROGRAMME (C-GCAP) ASSESSMENT It provides an independent, impartial, professional, and comprehensive evaluation of automotive green indicators, starting from in-vehicle air quality, electromagnetic protection, range, charging, carbon footprint, and other measurement indicators of industry and consumer concern. initiatives, emphasises the use of recyclable and innovative materials. In addition to rethinking processes and manufacturing technologies, BMW aims to raise customer awareness of a product s environmental impact. Sustainable design at BMW goes beyond conservation to achieve more with less. Collaborating with worldwide innovators and artisans, BMW designers strive to deliver premium driving experiences with sustainable concepts, embracing innovative and inspirational aesthetics. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202334 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION AERODYNAMICS Aerodynamics is an important factor in optimising vehicle performance and energy consumption. For our new BMW X1 iX1, various technologies have been adopted to reduce aerodynamic drag. LIGHT WEIGHT CONSTRUCTION AND DESIGN Light weight construction contributes to lower fuel consumption, greater range, and more enjoyable driving experience. For instance, the new BMW X1 sport utility vehicle features multiple measures to achieve lightweight construction for reduced weight and improved energy efficiency. Max Range Mode The BMW iX1 and i5 vehicles are equipped with the new Max Range drive mode. It can maximise range efficiency for unexpected situations where owners are unable to fully charge the car s battery, such as when the charging station is out of order. By activating this mode, users can increase the range by 15 to 25. It supports heating of the interior and heats the instrument panel, the glove compartment, the door trim panel above the armrest, the armrest itself as well as the center armrest and the steering wheel. The provision of heat can be done quickly and quietly. The heat is distributed via thermal radiation, which, compared with the traditional heating method, helps to increase passenger comfort while increasing energy efficiency. Underbody assembly customised for both BEV and ICE models to reduce air resistance and reduce uplift. Our supply chain practices, and material standards align closely with BMW Group s global guidelines, prioritising an increased usage of recycled and repurposed materials while fulfilling stringent safety requirements, ensuring our vehicles and components adhere to all relevant performance and quality criteria. At the same time, we are able to recycle a total volume of 1, 041 t raw material1 through High Voltage Battery closed-loop recycling. Materials used in the production process are recycled to the raw material manufacturers, and then remanufactured and reused in the production process. Plastic is one type of secondary material in which we have made significant progress. Over the years, we made significant research achievements in the industrial processes of plastic, as well as product development and verification. We also gained valuable experience in applying recycled materials to existing products, including the BMW 3 series, the BMW iX3, and the BMW X5. Sustainable products are also about rethinking. Premium sustainable materials are always BMW s goal while also achieving low carbon and environmental targets. INNOVATIVE BIO-BASED MATERIAL We launched innovative research with our suppliers to add bio- based materials into plastic, including coffee grounds and other plant fibres. We offered an upholstery variant, including vegan leatherette2, in the new BMW 5 Series. At the same time, we are also developing new bio-based surfaces as part of our materials research in cooperation with start-up companies. PIONEERING IN SUSTAINABLE BATTERIES HVB The accelerated adoption of new energy vehicles (NEVs) has led to a corresponding surge in the retirement volume of high-voltage batteries (HVBs) year over year. BMW Group China is proactively collaborating with industry partners to cultivate a sustainable, circular, and high-quality ecosystem for the lifecycle management of China s HVBs. Through these strategic partnerships, we aim to drive the responsible end-of-life processing and value extraction from retired battery packs, strengthening circularity for electrified mobility solutions. BATTERY SECONDARY USE BMW Group China evaluates different use case scenarios for retired HVBs before they are dismantled to maximise their lifecycle value. By replacing lead-acid batteries with used lithium batteries, the performance of forklifts is improved, and maintenance requirement reduced. Further research is being done with partner companies to optimise the potential of relevant applications. Other scenarios for retired HVBs include their use as stationary batteries for energy storage. Batteries are reinstalled and re-purposed for energy storage at the end of their product cycle. Raw materials collected from HVB include lithium hydroxide, nickel sulfate, cobalt sulfate, copper, aluminium, and mangenese. In 2023, our HVB closed-loop agreement extended coverage from cars made in China to include all imported vehicles. It is estimated that CO 2 emissions can be reduced by 70 by implementing a closed-loop system that maximises the resale value of retired HVBs and reduces the need to mine raw materials. By connecting different stakeholders, including dealerships, logistics services providers, and raw material recyclers, our smart IT system can efficiently and effectively achieve closed-loop traceability. Currently, the entire BMW Group China dealer network has been fully integrated into the HVB lifecycle management ecosystem for better recycling efficiency. AMPLIFYING PARTS REMANUFACTURING The underlying idea behind a remanufactured part is recycling. The BMW remanufacturing process accurately repairs old parts that meet the recycling requirements, and the standardised process significantly reduces carbon emission and wastewater emissions as well as the use of raw materials in the production process. This has bolstered our inventory of remanufactured parts and led to increased material recycling efficiency. With parts like electronic steering gear, transmission, four-wheel drive transfer cases, air condition compressors etc., our remanufactured parts are accepted by the market. Our synergy between cutting-edge research and development coupled with a strategic market go-to market approach positions BMW Group China at the forefront, poised to lead the industry and shape consumer trends. REMANUFACTURED PARTS PRACTICE Original standard, same guarantee BMW remanufactured parts adopt highly demanding technologies and techniques and use the same assembly process as the original new products. PROMOTING PARTS REMANUFACTURING AND RECYCLING PROGRESS At BMW Group China, proactive actions were promoted to realise the precise management of parts remanufacturing and recycling in a highly effective manner. As a result, we collected 351, 634 pieces of parts for remanufacturing and recycled an impressive 766 tons of material, including 285 tons of iron and steel, 230 tons of aluminium, 177 tons of plastics, 57 tons of paper, seven tons of fabric, five tons of rubber, and five tons of glass in 2023. 100 Retired HVBs recycled in China. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202337 Sustainable Products OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION FORECAST Looking ahead to 2024, the BMW Group is positioned to introduce even more captivating NEVs in the China market. Furthermore, our plans involve developing sustainable materials tailored specifically to the needs of the Chinese market and increasing the percentage of secondary materials utilised in our vehicles. By prioritising sustainability across all facets of our operations, we are committed to creating a better future for our planet and delivering exceptional value to our customers. We are steadfast in our commitment to prioritising sustainability across all facets of our operations, thereby contributing to a brighter future for our customers and the planet. At the same time, our ongoing investments in research and design for remanufactured parts aim to expand our offerings to include pumps, and electrical air conditioning compressors. Continuing the progress from previous year, the new online platform system for parts reverse logistic evaluation will be completed in 2024 and ready to proceed for the launching phase. Premium customer-centric service drives our pursuit of excellence. Our dedication to meeting and exceeding customer expectations shows in every aspect of our operation. Leveraging the power of digitalisation, the My BMW App delivers a seamless digital experience to our customers. Through this ecosystem, we aim to be a leader in sustainable charging solutions. The new generation of smart Wallboxes has been designed to offer customers intelligent features, including plug and charge functionality, remote control capabilities, remote diagnostics, and the ability to perform over-the-air (OTA) upgrades. These Wallboxes can be shared among multiple users by activating the sharing function under a common administrator. This feature aims to raise customer awareness about peak and off-peak electricity usage times, thereby helping to reduce the strain on the electricity grid. As of the end of 2023, BMW customers could access more than 588, 550 public charging points in China. In August 2023, BMW launched the BMW Super Charging Station project, with high-power charging stations, supporting up to 600 kW charging power, open to all brands of electric vehicles. A joint high-power charging network has also been established in China. The joint venture will deliver a premium, seamless and digital experience to customers. The partnership was announced in 2023 and the first stations are planned to begin operating in 2024 in the top NEV regions. At least 1, 000 stations nationwide with around 7, 000 charging piles are targeted to be installed by the end of 2026. Advanced 3-in-1 dealer charging stations were introduced to engage more dealerships. These integrated stations combine solar power generation, energy storage, and vehicle charging capabilities into a single solution. By prioritising the use of green electricity at dealership charging stations, the BMW Group China reinforces its commitment to sustainability goals. The system encompasses details such as renewable electricity type, electricity generation province, energy consumption province, charging station location, and the amount of renewable electricity consumed. The BMW Group China provides comprehensive charging services to customers and dealers through the My BMW App. This one-stop platform supports customer usage, experience, and dealer business operations, granting both customers and dealers access to a charging portal. The portal offers a wide range of services, including charging guides, digital services, charging community and membership, online charging support, and more. An in-app customer feedback mechanism for private and public charging services has been added to the My BMW App, with functionalities such as satisfaction surveys, online evaluations, and a Charging FAQ portal. Additionally, the BMW Instant Charging Circle, an open community within the app, serves as a platform where the official account Charging Power Bank periodically provides users with charging service information, professional knowledge, Q&As, as well as thoughtful gifts and holiday greetings. This community allows users to enjoy reliable and intelligent charging services. DIGITAL CUSTOMER JOURNEY Through digital transformation, such as the implementation of automatic activity notifications and other service tools functionalities, we have fortified our online operational capabilities. We have seamlessly integrated traditional business models with technology, resulting in a more comprehensive and intelligent comprehensive service experience. This digitalisation process has not only elevated the quality of BMW s services but also fostered a dynamic and efficient ecosystem among customers, diverse products, comprehensive services, and the BMW brand. Through continuous upgrades, it offers convenient features for customer activities, such as making car down payments, scheduling services, remotely controlling vehicles, and accessing BMW-related news. In 2023, we introduced personalised Monetary Credit, which offers customers select deals in the E-commerce section. The app also launched local lifestyle products tailored for Chinese consumers, to provide customised and diversified products. The My BMW App also introduced innovative functionalities such as a digital key, which enables consumers to easily start the car with their mobile phone. The app has maintained a consistent rating of 4. 9 5 star rating in the Apple Store and its total registered user has exceeded 10 million, reflecting high user recognition and satisfaction. BMW dealers are an extension of our customer-focused services, and their connections to customers are important to us. We have bolstered the SPARK-DMO digital platform to support BMW dealers to have seamless and personalised online to offline services. Our digital transformation has also played a role in mitigating our environmental impact. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202341 Customer-centric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES IN CHINA Financial services continue to play a pivotal role in BMW Group China s long-term sustainable growth. In 2023, our loan and leasing products covered a wide range of BEV models, such as the BMW iX1, BMW i3, BMW iX3, BMW i4, BMW iX and BMW i7. In 2023, Herald Leasing the leasing service provider of BMW Group China further embraced the innovative BEV sales concept of the Deep test drive for 1 or 2-year residual value-based leasing products for BMW i3 and BMW iX3. For example, the 2 2 Joy Select Plus product provides customers with two years balloon payment extension after the initial leasing contract term of two years, giving them greater flexibility in the way they pay for usage. Additionally, Herald Leasing launched Joy Select Plus for the BMW iX with a combination of attractive monthly payments and low down payments. In July 2023, BMW iX Joy Select customers received a complimentary virtual charging card. All these activities provide our customers with a diverse range of flexible financial options for BEVs. AFTERSALES SERVICE QUALITY A superior customer experience is the main touchpoint for the BMW Group China to earn customer trust and enhance our brand value. We have innovated and upgraded the feedback collection functionality of our Customer Board Platform to continuously boost customer satisfaction and dealer performance. This measure has optimised BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202342 Customer-centric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION our operational procedures, elevated service quality, and laid a solid foundation for the ongoing improvement of customer experience. In 2023, over 300 dealers actively used this platform and implemented more than 911 after-sales action plans, demonstrating our deep understanding of customer needs and our relentless pursuit of service excellence. In 2023, our customer feedback analysis was strengthened by incorporating Voice of the Customer data, customer surveys, and outbound calls. This analysis was used to drive continuous improvement in customer experience. Adhering to a customer-centric approach, we continually innovate in technology by upgrading our customer feedback collection channels, analytical platform and closed-loop mechanisms. Throughout the entire customer journey, from product inquiries, showroom visits to test drives, offers, vehicle handover, and post- handover services, we gather feedback to ensure we comprehend our customers needs at every touchpoint. Furthermore, we have introduced a Voice of the Customer Mechanism that uses AI to analyse customers pain points and expectations of service quality and product improvement. This ensures seamless collaboration across all facets of our business, allowing us to continuously refine our offerings based on the direct input from our valued customers. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202343 Customer-centric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CUSTOMER PRIVACY PROTECTION At BMW Group China, consumer privacy holds paramount importance in our approach to data governance. When an incident occurs, the incident manager will immediately assess the scope of the impact and coordinate with relevant departments to act. Through these measures, we strive to maintain transparency and accountability in our data management practices, fostering trust and confidence among our stakeholders. Compliance of the BMW Group China with data protection laws and regulations National and industry levels The Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) of the People s Republic of China (PRC)The Data Security Law of the PRC The Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial) Corporate level The interdisciplinary Data Governance ProjectDATA SECURITY RESPONSIBILITY IN INTELLIGENT CONNECTED VEHICLES We maintain a high standard of data protection, employing rigorous procedures, tools, and instructions to safeguard customer privacy. With the rise of OEM digitalisation, compliance requirements have been raised to address Intelligent Connected Vehicle (ICV) data privacy and security. We have responded by enhancing compliance measures to address the challenges of ICV data privacy and security. This involves adhering to both EU and Chinese regulations, such as UN Regulation 155 and in China, The Several Provisions on Vehicle Data Security Management (Trial). This ensures that information security factors will be considered from the product design stage onward, reflecting our commitment to delivering safe and secure intelligent connected vehicles. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202344 Customer-centric Services OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT RAISING AWARENESS OF SUSTAINABILITY We offered multi-layered experiences at events, such as World Environment Day, MISSION i and the China International Import Expo (CIIE) in 2023, which enabled customers to experience our brand. On World Environment Day, we leveraged online creative videos and BAVA, a pair of art toys crafted from recycled materials - BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, to tell the story of recycling in an entertaining manner and convey our sustainability vision to customers. It showcased BMW s strategy in sustainability, its R&D footprint in China, and the BMW iFactory strategy for E-mobility, including a display of the iX5 hydrogen-powered model and other models. WORLD ENVIRONMENT DAY AND BAVA World Environment Day was an opportunity to convey BMW circularity concept to customers. Through a combination of online creative video and BAVA, BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, we told the recycling story. BMW s Chief Entertainment Officer, The Limited Edition BAVA, a series of art toys crafted from recycled materials, delivered this message in a fun and joyful engaging way. By enhancing customer engagement, we will raise awareness of sustainability, contributing to a greener future in alignment with the Paris Agreement. During our customer engagement events, we introduced our climate- friendly concept to emphasize our commitment to sustainability. In 2023, our MISSION i event was launched in Shanghai. Environmental stewardship is a core responsibility that guides our actions. Our focus is on maximising energy efficiency, conserving resources, and promoting circularity through reuse and recycling. CHAPTER 3 PRODUCTION AND OPERATION 03BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202345 3. 1 Resource Consumption and Efficiency 46 3. 2 Green Logistics 55OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 3. 1 RESOURCE CONSUMPTION AND EFFICIENCY At the BMW Group China, we aligned with China s national decarbonisation targets as well as those of the BMW Group. Water consumption per vehicle produced vs 2022. Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions per vehicle produced vs 2022. 100 Use of renewable electricity for all manufacturing sites and 36 non-manufacturing sites. Energy consumption per vehicle produced vs 2022.-14 Waste for disposal per vehicle produced vs 2022. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202346 SDG 7, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 15Resource Consumption and Efficiency OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202347 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency BMW iFACTORY STRATEGY ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT The Technology & Manufacturing Sustainability Steering Circle within the BMW Group China and BMW Brilliance is a senior management group that meets monthly to review our sustainability strategy and key projects. The Circle oversees and directs efforts to reduce CO 2 emissions, improve energy efficiency, minimise waste and water consumption, improve secondary material application, and other aspects. A Green Plant Circle at each plant continuously optimises environmental key performance indicators (KPIs) through developing innovative projects and enhancing production efficiency. In 2023, all our production sites were ISO 14001 2015 Environmental Management System certified. Our environmental management teams work closely with the compliance department to ensure that we comply with current regulations and policies. TARGET -DRIVEN APPROACH The BMW Group is progressing quickly to minimise our environmental impact, with concrete goals and comprehensive management approaches. The BMW Group China uses a systematic and scientific approach to set environmental goals that are in line with the BMW Group each year. BMW iFACTORY utilises innovative technologies that facilitate flexible, efficient production with the aim of minimising the use of resources and promoting digital solutions. BMW iFACTORY is not only redefining the orientation of our plants but is also setting new standards in climate protection. BMW iFACTORY IN CHINA Our approach in China is incorporated with local culture and strength to be faster and more effective in industrialising products with the best fit for local production and customers. Our five China oriented strategic pillars underpin our commitment to pioneering sustainable manufacturing practices tailored to the unique dynamics of the Chinese market, harmonising economic progress with environmental stewardship and human capital development. EFFICIENT AND HIGHLY FLEXIBLE PRODUCTION Our production increased by more than 250 within just nine years by following the principles of efficient and highly flexible manufacturing, seamless integration, and variability across processes. The constant improvements in our production ensure the highest standards for our customers. RESOURCE-SAVING AND CIRCULAR We are continuously optimising energy and resource utilisation while minimising emissions across all processes. The impressive savings of over 65 CO emissions and 30 water consumption per vehicle produced within six years shows our commitment to resource-efficient and circular practices. Our close collaboration with partners to recycle, reuse materials and procure secondary materials constantly increases the percentage of recycled content in our products and parts packages. DIGITALISATION TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE MANUFACTURING Digitalisation is a key-enabler for the sustainable optimisation of the entire production process. For instance, AI based technology boosts our production quality and enhanced visualisations improve our speed, accuracy, efficiency and collaboration. MASTERING COMPLEXITY WITH THE RIGHT MINDSET AND EXPERTISE Our associates and our unique blended international culture are the most valuable assets for our successful future. FASTER DECISION-MAKING AND PROBLEM- SOLVING We perform as cohesive unit by harmonising expertise and resources of our Research and Development, Purchasing, and Production teams. This cross-functional approach enables prompt and effective measures to address risks and seize opportunities, with a sharp focus on the unique needs of our Chinese customers. Direct CO2 emissions generated by fossil fuel consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings), as well as the direct CO emissions of company vehicles of BMW Group China, excluding the fossil fuel consumption of construction and on-site suppliers of BMW Brilliance plants. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). The emissions of company vehicles refers to the direct CO emissions generated from company vehicles that are controlled by BMW Group China, and the emissions are calculated based on kilometres driven and the corresponding emission factors. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Emissions of the vehicle-related purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera which took into account Chinese market factors in the calculation. Logistics emissions include the emissions from logistics of material supply of the plants, the distribution of vehicles and the aftersales. Logistics emissions are based on the mode of transport, weight transported and the distance travelled in kilometres. Emissions factors are derived from contemporary standards such as the GLEC Framework V3. 0 and DIN EN 16258 ISO 14083. 5. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (as per VDA 900-100). Business trips emissions include employees air travel for business purposes. Employee commuting emissions include trips by shuttle bus between Shenyang downtown and BMW Brilliance plants. As an integral part of the BMW Group, our operations in China are firmly committed to aligning with the organisation s sustainability goals. A paramount objective is an 80 reduction of Scope 1 and 2 CO 2 emissions per vehicle produced, compared to 2019 baseline levels, by the year 2030. Our production processes account for most of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, which includes emissions from natural gas, purchased electricity and heating. Fuel from non-renewable resources accounted for 24, heating consumption for 22, and electricity consumption accounted for 54. GEOTHERMAL WELL FOR RENEWABLE HEATING To further reduce GHG emissions from heating, a geothermal well test was conducted in 2023 to explore the use of green heating in the Gen 6 Battery Powertrain Plant. With extensive research and collaboration with partners, we aim to have the first CO 2 free heating plant in Shenyang, achieving a reduction in emissions of 18, 000 t year by 2025. Electricity generated by on-site solar PV was more than 89. 66 Gigawatt hours (GWh), an increase of approximately 40 year-on-year. assessments for various use cases are underway to evaluate alternative energy sources for heating, such as geothermal and biomethane gas, as sustainable replacements for fossil-based fuels. For electricity used in production, we have achieved 100 renewable electricity use. This comprehensive transition was facilitated through a multipronged approach deploying on-site solar photovoltaic (PV) panel installations, securing green electricity via power purchase agreements (Green PPAs), and purchasing internationally recognised renewable electricity certificates (I-RECs). In addition, we are exploring the feasibility of using other forms of renewable electricity, such as biomethane, to diversify our renewable electricity portfolio. Research indicates that it would be feasible for Powertrain Plant foundry equipment to consume biomethane and a test plan is in development. Through this multipronged strategy spanning a fuel transition in heating, adoption of renewable electricity, and the evaluation of innovative alternative energy sources we reinforce our dedication to minimising global warming impacts. CO2 Emissions per vehicle produced in tCO2 vehicle 0. 17 20210. 19 20220. 18 20230. 19 2020 20190. 21 Green Electricity Consumption Categories at Production In GWh PPA Solar 2021 2022 2023 2020 201989. 66543. 44 16. 90432. 18559. 66 64. 24373. 75 17. 91380. 30 18. 34For direct emissions and emissions from purchased heat, our objective is to gradually transition to more efficient and clean energy options. The system was installed in the Plant Tiexi and Powertrain Plant in 2023, following installation at the Plant Lydia and the Plant Dadong Extension in 2022. While the remaining GHG emissions from production operations primarily stem from natural gas consumption and purchased heat, we are actively exploring long-term solutions. Technical feasibility BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202350 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency ENERGY EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT In line with the ISO 50001-certified Energy Management System, we are improving energy efficiency as part of our production practices. For management measures, we optimise shift schedules to stagger operational hours with peak energy demands, ensuring judicious resource utilisation. Through rigorous testing and refinement protocols, we are able to precisely calibrate energy requirements, eliminating overconsumption. For equipment and technology, we maintain regular infrastructure upgrades, such as transitioning to energy-efficient LED lighting and optimising air handling units in the heating, ventilating and air-conditioning (HVAC) system. Using intelligent energy management tools, we minimise energy drain by implementing sleep modes that reduce preheating times for energy-intensive equipment and by curtailing commissioning periods for non-critical systems. This synergistic approach integrating schedule optimisation, infrastructure digitalisation, process refinement and smart energy controls helps us to reduce energy consumption per vehicle produced and lower CO 2 emissions. INTEGRATING DIGITAL SOLUTIONS We recognise that reaching ambitious sustainability goals demands a systematic transformation approach, which entails a comprehensive assessment of operational performance impact. The integration of in MWh vehicle 20191. 63 1. 51 1. 401. 601. 58 2020 2021 2022 2023Energy Consumption per vehicle produced digital solutions and data is essential for this process. In addition to existing digital platforms, which assist in acquiring data on energy consumption, AI based technology is introduced as pilot to steer daily operation and check monthly energy targets by providing intime energy consumption analysis, future energy consumption forecast and potential energy efficiency improvement measures. With optimisation of accuracy and automated reporting, it can greatly enhance operator s work efficiency. Efficient use of resources and recyclability are core tenets driving our green production initiatives. We are minimising resource consumption across our production phases to reduce our environmental impacts. This includes conservation and recovery of water, recycling, and reduction of waste and VOCs emissions. Our aim is to minimise potable water consumption despite growing production demands. The water usage applies to both the plant production process and daily operation. At the same time, we have expanded the scope of our reclaimed water usage scenarios. Since 2016, reclaimed water use has expanded from irrigation of landscaping plants to use in painting shops and cooling towers. Additionally, we are introducing use of municipal reclaimed water to further meet our manufacturing needs. In 2023, wastewater recycling achieved total volume of 159, 325 m for all plants, representing a 51. 4 increase compared to 2022. Our yearly potable water usage per vehicle produced has decreased for six consecutive years, and we plan to extend water recycling initiatives across all manufacturing sites. in m3 vehicle 20192. 40 1. 971. 82 1. 771. 72 2020 2021 2022 2023Water Consumption per vehicle produced in kg vehicle 20197. 47 2. 99 2. 502. 001. 72 2020 2021 2022 2023Waste for Disposal per vehicle produced BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202352 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency WASTE REDUCTION AND DISPOSAL Proper waste management means minimising waste generation and improving resource efficiency. We prioritise waste reduction, disposal management and recycling. For example, using cement kiln joint disposal technology, we are able to use ceramic and iron mud from our engine factories as raw material for cement production through cooperation with third-party cement factories. We also installed sludge dryers at all vehicle plants, which reduce waste volume and weight by 40 to 50 via dehydration. The Powertrain Plant achieved zero landfill waste in January 2023, and we aim to achieve zero landfill waste for all vehicle plants from 2024. in kg vehicle 20190. 520. 50 0. 12 0. 12 0. 11 2020 2021 2022 2023VOCs Emissions per vehicle produced LAND USE AND BIODIVERSITY Sustainability is inherently intertwined with environmental and ecological preservation. In every stage of site selection, construction, and operation, we are dedicated to mitigating the footprint of our production on local vegetation, soil, and biodiversity. At our Shenyang manufacturing base, we integrate nature-based solutions into the planning and construction of new projects, such as sponge city design to collect and use rainwater and soil conservation techniques. In this way, we support habitat rehabilitation for local plant and animal life. These efforts help us preserve biodiversity and minimise land degradation, while promoting ecological well-being in the surrounding environment. Solvent (volatile organic compounds) emissions are especially generated during the painting process. All potential and current waste-handling suppliers are subject to rigorous assessment to ensure regulatory compliant waste handling and disposal. This entails regular audits and on-site inspections of their documentation and waste management. VOCS EMISSIONS REDUCTION VOCs are organic solvents that are mainly emitted from paint shops in the vehicle production process. Second, we are continually upgrading our coating materials to options with lower VOCs content. With our state-of- the-art VOCs treatment facilities, we conduct real-time monitoring and digital management at all manufacturing sites. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202353 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency WORKING ENVIRONMENT AND MINDSET BMW s commitment to sustainable practices transcends vehicle production; it encompasses our 36 non-manufacturing facilities, including offices, Research and Development Centres, Spare Parts Distribution Centres, Brand Experience Centres, and Training Centres. A sustainable workspace not only helps to reduce energy consumption and waste, but also attracts new talent and raises employee awareness on the importance of holistic sustainability. Their efforts can have a multiplier effect to drive real change within our society for a more sustainable future. It provides a set of measures to make our work environment greener and healthier and eliminate negative impacts on the environment. The standard is anchored in globally acknowledged criteria such as Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), WELL, and the National Standard on Building Management and Environmental Protection. By adhering to this standard we aim to achieve measurable sustainability goals at every stage of a building s existence. EMPLOYEE SUSTAINABILITY ACTIONS AND SUSTAINABLE LIFESTYLE Fostering a sustainable culture across the BMW Group China hinges on every employee personally engaging in daily sustainability efforts. These campaigns cover a variety of topics, including energy efficiency measures, proper waste classification and disposal, resource conservation practices, green transportation options, and the adoption of sustainable lifestyles. By actively involving our workforce, we are cultivating a deep-rooted commitment to environmental stewardship and shaping a corporate culture grounded in sustainability principles. Through a variety of online and offline interactive experiences, reaching 3, 855 associates, the campaign received overwhelmingly positive feedback, with a satisfaction rate of 99. This feedback highlighted employees concerns and ideas and laid the groundwork for future sustainability initiatives. Additionally, our external communication efforts garnered widespread attention, enhancing our brand image and emphasising BMW Group s commitment to advancing sustainable lifestyles and actions among its employees. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202354 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Resource Consumption and Efficiency FORECAST In 2024, BMW will continue to promote AI-based digital solutions for production to enhance energy efficiency use. For example, our energy forecasting capabilities, based on dynamic data inflow, will enable proactive monitoring and timely alerts for abnormal consumption patterns. These initiatives will provide greater clarity on energy usage and improve energy efficiency across our production operations. For heating, by exploring the use case scenarios for biomethane, we are phasing out fossil fuels step by step. For electricity in all manufacturing sites and 36 non- manufacturing sites, we will continue use 100 renewable electricity while expanding our solar panel capacity and exploring wind turbine implications for sites with suitable conditions. Having achieved zero landfill waste for our Powertrain Plant in 2023, we will extend this commitment to all vehicle plants starting in 2024. This ambitious goal underscores our dedication to minimising our environmental impact and promoting sustainable waste management practices. For VOCs emission reduction, we will continue to optimise our working techniques, explore new material options and improve our solvent recycling process. For non-manufacturing operations, we will pursue more outside recognition for green buildings guided by the BMW Sustainable Building Standard. H2 Trucks co-developed with strategic partner. Hydrogen truck fleet will be operational in 2024. 3. 2 GREEN LOGISTICS Green logistics hold the promise of delivering tangible environmental benefits while safeguarding the long-term viability of our value chain. We have integrated sustainability into different aspects of our logistics operation. E-Trucks deployed in aftersales logistics. In 2023, with four more suppliers switching to rail, we had a total of 14 suppliers committed to 100 use of rail freight. For finished vehicle logistics, we continue to optimise our distribution network to achieve a low- carbon transportation network in 2023. For aftersales parts transport, we used line-haul instead of air freight in Fujian, Guangxi and Guizhou provinces, achieving an annual CO 2 emission reduction of more than 105 t in 2023. At the same time, we refined our carbon emission statistics tool to calculate air freight more accurately. Guided by our low-carbon strategy, the 2025 Aftersales Strategy, we have set a target to reduce our CO 2 emissions by one-third by 2026 for aftersales logistics. ALTERNATIVE-POWERED VEHICLE EXPLORATION To reduce CO 2 emissions from our logistics operations, we continually seek cleaner energy sources and more efficient transportation. For parts logistics, our collaboration with a logistics service provider has made us China s leading automobile manufacturer for all-electric short-distance logistics. Our fleet of 40 E-Trucks provide short-distance parts transport around our Shenyang production facilities. We completed the evaluation of hydrogen energy and site selection for a hydrogen refuelling station, and anticipate that hydrogen trucks will start pilot operation in 2024. GREEN WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT LOGISTICS Effective warehouse management is an essential aspect of green logistics, encompassing both the physical infrastructure upgrades and the efficient use of energy and resources. The capacity of the photovoltaic installations is 400 kW, sufficient to supply electricity to the warehouse during the day, with excess power incorporated into the national electric grid. In 2023, we eliminated printing of transportation sheets and shipping notifications in the RDCs. m2 warehouse roof space covered. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. Guided by a sustainable mindset, our packaging planning function continuously implements the 4RE principle RE THINK, RE DUCE, RE USE, RE CYCLE to seek process optimisation and integrate lean concepts throughout the container s lifecycle. In 2023, this resulted in an emissions reduction of 3, 766 tCO. RE CYCLE We have conducted feasibility studies and piloted the implementation of recycling and reutilisation non-steel materials1. In 2023, secondary material containers were used for new BMW 5 Series. pieces EPP containers have been used, which produced the mixture of 15 secondary material. In addition, 50, 719 pieces of plastics containers, including 28, 358 pieces of small packaging cases, 20, 513 pieces of con-pearls, and 1, 848 pieces of thermos, have been implemented, which produced the mixture of 20 secondary material. It resulted in an emissions reduction of 87 tCO. RE USE For steel containers, Packaging Planning defined the standardization to reuse based on container status. pieces containers by 52 bin types are reused in new BMW X1 iX1, 2 series, X3 iX3, and 5 i5 series, which brings 547 tCO emissions reduction. Additionally, 12 types of flexible-structure containers, totaling 332 units, have been deployed. These containers feature adjustable designs to meet varying requirements, resulting in a significant reduction of 365 tons in CO emissions. For aftersales parts logistics since December 2023, Shenyang Regional Distribution Centre began using returnable packaging materials. In the initiation phase, it introduced two specific box types across 18 distribution dealers. RE DUCE In 2023, the mindset of Standardisation and Light- Weight remains the focus for packaging concept development. Also, lighter materials are used to replace steel. container pieces, by 85 bin types, were identified to optimise design, which resulted in an emissions reduction of 507 tCO. pieces of P-containers resulted in a 125 tCO emissions reduction. Apart from this, C-module structure, a modularization concept to in-house containers, is partially implemented in BMW X5 and i3. Meanwhile, our bin-sharing project, which reduces container investment by recycling existing resources, reduced emissions by 181 tCO in 2023. In addition, a 171 tCO emissions reduction was achieved by the density optimisation of our universal bin packaging. In the process of promoting green packaging, the sustainable development awareness of suppliers continues to increase. For finished vehicle logistics, we will start a trial run for hydrogen trucks in Shenyang. For green packaging, packaging planning will continuously optimise the business module guided by the 4RE principle. Non-steel materials include, but are not limited to, expanded polypropylene (EPP), plastics, con-pearl and thermos. pieces Recycled-plastics containers implementation in 2023. 9 one-way packaging are returnable for aftersales parts logistics. The potential impacts from climate change are affecting the security, robustness, and resilience of the auto industry value chain. At the same time, we continue to enhance our dealer capabilities and strengthen the recognition of our sustainable offerings and product transformation. dealers BMW dealerships awarded NT Green Star certification by the end of 2023. 11, 000 New energy related certifications obtained by dealer workforce. SDG 7, 8, 9, 13 and 17BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202359 Dealer Management and EmpowermentOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202360 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment BMW DEALER NETWORK TRANSFORMATION GREEN STAR The BMW Group China is partnering with dealerships to cultivate a sustainable service ecosystem for our customers, who increasingly focus on sustainable lifestyles. We launched our dealer Network Transformation (NT) Green Star Project in 2022 to empower dealers to provide sustainable customer-centric services and to create a positive impact on stakeholders and local communities in terms of sustainable transformation. By the end of 2023, 251 dealerships had been awarded the NT Green Star certification increased from 50 dealers at the end of 2022. We have issued a series of guidebooks to encourage dealer partner s transition to energy efficient and sustainable GREEN ENVIRONMENT We are focusing on the client experience when designing the hardware of our dealership showrooms to build an efficient, safe, comfortable and environmental-friendly space. Dealer s operational energy consumption was reduced by adopting high-efficiency enclosure structures and equipment. By adopting measures including green coverage, natural lighting and natural ventilation, we seek to create a suitable experience space for our customer. GREEN POWER Our BMW Dealership Green Power Application Guidebook provides technical guidance to dealers on purchasing and applying green power for a low-carbon transition in operations. In 2023, 251 dealers used green power via Green PPAs, distributed solar panel installations, and internationally recognised renewable energy certificates. Renewable electricity used by NT Green Star dealers accounted for over 80 of their total electricity use, in total 147, 485 MWh of green power. GREEN OPERATION We encouraged our dealers to embed sustainability concepts into their daily operation, such as digitalised services to reduce paper consumption and switching to operational materials with lower carbon footprints. The NT Green Star Lighthouse is version 2. 0 of the NT Green Star Project and it covers the use of high energy efficient technology, procurement of 100 renewable electricity, and local cultural initiatives. Our NT Green Star Lighthouse sets the benchmark for the design and operation of green dealerships. In 2023, the Xibaohang store in Wuxi became the first NT Green Star Lighthouse. The facade design combines modern materials and traditional construction techniques with white terracotta bricks that feature in regional vernacular houses. The rooftop terrace keeps a traditional residence showing our inheritance and preservation of traditional culture. Moreover, this store uses 100 renewable electricity along with a ground-source heat pump system and solar panel to lower emissions from operations. The open water court located in the centre of the building can be filled with rainwater to minimise the ecological footprint of the building. We also invited our customers involved in the BMW Group China Dealer Sustainability Award to vote to enhance customer engagement. dealerships set up high-voltage batteries (HVBs) recycle rooms. Green Engagement Activity Guidebook developed for dealers empowerment. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202361 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment DEALER EMPOWERMENT AND ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS) We are also stringent about dealer EHS compliance to ensure a healthy environment for dealership teams and customers. Through comprehensive risk analysis, we continually upgrade our EHS management initiatives to reduce the potential risks during business activities and improve customer experience. In 2023, we updated our EHS policy framework to align with national and local environmental, health, and safety regulations and to work with all our dealers to optimise their operational processes. Through regular audits, self-inspections and risk assessments, we identify and mitigate potential EHS risks in a timely manner. In 2023, we conducted 1 round of audits covering all dealers and strengthened dealers self-management through EHS self-inspection via Retail Standards Audit. In addition, in 2023, we delivered a monthly EHS Express, covering local regulatory updates and best practices to equip our dealers with skills and knowledge for effective EHS management. We also held four workshops in Shanghai, Chengdu, Shenzhen, and Beijing with industry experts on industry best practice in leading edge. We also issued short videos and a monthly newsletter related to green operation through the BMW Joylearning App. We are committed to enhancing dealer capabilities, strengthening the value of the BMW brand, and building an agile organisation with a strong dealer network delivering on our customer-centric strategy. SUPPORT DEALERS TO RESHAPE THEIR CAPABILITIES AND ACCELERATE TALENT TRANSFORMATION Talent development and transformation for dealers is key to BMW Group China s sustainable business growth. The on-board training highlights sustainable development as a mandatory topic, and this is crucial for deepening their understanding and recognition of BMW brand s commitment to sustainable development. By the end of 2023, 5, 242 Sales Consultants, 3, 687 Service Advisors and 2, 247 Technicians obtained BEV related certifications. At the same time, we have created new functions such as Test Drive Genius and Charging Expert to improve the in-store customer service experience. We launched a customised Test Drive Genius course for dealers front-line sales partners to improve staff professionalism and service skills in a systematic and practical way. In 2023, BMW dealers fully activated the online marketing strategy utilising social media and live broadcasting platforms. Social media operation training 1 2 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202362 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Dealer Management and Empowerment EMPOWER MANAGEMENT TALENT DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFORMATION The transformation of the automotive industry, especially the rise of new energy vehicles, the iteration of digital technologies and shifts in customer behaviour, has posed new requirements and challenges for dealership management. In addition to providing comprehensive career advancement channels and learning and development mechanisms, we also enhance the capabilities of dealership management talent through key talent empowerment programmes. The courses focus on topics such as strategic thinking, strategy execution, innovation and organisational change. In 2023, we also held 10 BMW GKL (Grand Klasse) Business General Manager Workshops, in which the training for 156 dealer general managers and area managers on sales management and customer experience for the new 7 Series was delivered. These tours included on-site experiences and understanding of the strategic significance of the Hexi Corridor and the Silk Road, enabling participants to advance in business transformation and innovation. EMPOWER MINI PARTNERS TO EMPLOY NEW SALES MODELS The MINI brand has implemented a retail transformation strategy and launched a new business model. During the transition period in 2023, 229 Product Genius passed onboarding training, and 145 Product Genius passed the MINI qualification certification. In addition, we completed the first round of in-store coaching for all 143 MINI partners within 80 days. In July 2023, we conducted the second round of business coaching for 74 MINI agents. Through the agile and iterative empowerment mechanism, we quickly identify business pain points and co-create solutions with MINI partners and related business departments, laying a solid foundation for MINI s business transformation. ENHANCE MOTIVATION AND RETENTION OF TALENTS AND BUILD BRAND CONFIDENCE Talents in our dealer network provide premium service and drive the industry forward. MINI brand seminar on new sales model transition2 1crucial for us to select, motivate and retain the best dealership talent. The elite management staff also have the opportunity to participate in the BMW Business School for further study. BMW GKL ELITE SALES CLUB Through our BMW GKL Elite Sales Club and Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors, we select top sales talents for specialised roles to inspire dealer talents and build their sense of belonging to the BMW brand, so they can convey BMW s brand value to Bimmers, customers and other stakeholders. During the competition, more than 5, 930 aftersales staff shared 243, 954 hot questions and answers, and 7 frontline positions in 690 dealers participated in online learning to refresh their knowledge, with 1, 349 replicable excellent management cases produced across the network. NEW PRODUCT LAUNCH TRAINING In 2023, the BMW China Training Academy held new product launch training for dealer partners for the new i7, the new 7 Series, the new BMW iX1, the new BMW X1, the new BMW 5 Series and the innovative BMW i5. For sales and aftersales positions, product function and design were elaborated in detail, and professional guidance on sales skills and aftersales service skills were provided. BMW NATIONAL M BRAND SALES COMPETITION In 2023, we held the first-ever 2023 BMW National M Brand Sales Competition, providing a stage for the country s top M sales talents to display their competencies. A total of 609 top sales talents participated in the online competition, with the top 14 contestants gathered for the offline finals. Competitors not only strengthened their professional skills, but also improved their knowledge. Outstanding sales elites were identified as brand ambassadors and benchmarks for excellence. Effective motivation and retention of talents also stem from their confidence in the brand. PREMIUM CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE AMBASSADORS We worked with dealers to select 30 Premium Customer Experience Ambassadors in 2023 to promote customer-oriented cultural transformation. For this reason, based on our annual business priorities, we focused on the aftersales business and formulated the selection criteria around improving the customer experience and delivering brand value. These efforts will support the upgrade of dealership operation models for sustainable business growth. With the aim to upskill dealership management, we leverage the Operation Management Competition of National Sales Competition, refresh the management curriculum system, and execute focused coaching initiatives, fully committed to driving the ongoing upgrade of dealership operation management models and the sustainable growth of business profitability. At the same time, we will incentivise more front-line dealer talents to join the The Answerer enabling community to share the latest information and proven business solutions. BUILD AN EFFICIENT AND AGILE ORGANISATION THAT STIMULATES INDIVIDUAL CREATIVITY The BMW Group China aims to build an efficient and agile organisation that encourages individual creativity. With our digital training platform, we support our dealers in adapting to changing market expectations. The Answerer on Joylearning App is a business enabling platform for the whole dealership. In 2023, a total of 22, 619 questions, 233, 377 answers and 22, 390 business solutions were posted on The Answerer. With an agile content management mechanism, dealers can post business queries and quickly obtain high-quality answers on The Answerer. Meanwhile, the Training Academy provides timely responses to front-line business hot issues through The Answerer s Newsletter. In addition, by building an effective user incentive mechanism, The Answerer encourages dealers to share successful experiences and proven business solutions to enable the sustainable development of dealer business. In 2023, a cumulative of 25 courses have been displayed in BMW Joylearning, covering practical content such as engine maintenance and replacement, BEV high-voltage battery repair, and technical skills enhancement for Service Advisors. We also launched an AR applet for NEV models, enabling dealers to experience the highlights of EV products and improve sales skills in an immersive manner. In addition, front-line sales staff have been using our AI interactive practice system to improve customer service capabilities since 2020. 1. PURCHASING AND SUPPLIER NETWORK Supply chain sustainability encompasses multi- faceted actions to support decarbonisation commitment and to align environmental and social standards for China and BMW Group. The common goal can only be achieved through collaboration with our suppliers. BMW s supply chain sustainability management system in China enables the reinforcement of supply chain resiliency and the promotion of sustainable practices. Of our aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity1 since 2021. 400, 000 t CO2e reduction achieved in the upstream supply chain through contractually agreed decarbonisation measures implemented in China. Both externally sourced and internally generated electricity is renewable, including solar PV, Green PPAs and I-RECs. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202365 Purchasing and Supplier NetworkOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202366 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY Building an efficient, robust, and low-carbon supply chain is one of the key tasks for BMW Group China to ensure long-term value creation. For this reason, we are implementing persistent approaches that focus on the following three pillars Increase the use of renewable electricity Promote the use of secondary materials Encourage the adoption of low-carbon technology ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK In 2021, BMW Group China put in place the bespoke Supply Chain Match Plan China, which is an integrated management framework to enable a more sustainable supply chain in China. In response to the changing social and economic agenda, we adjusted the supplier sustainability management structure in 2024 to refocus on supply chain priorities in China across social, environmental, compliance, digitalisation, and stakeholder engagement topics. As a result, the recognisable decarbonisation measures3 contributed over 400, 000 tCO 2e reduction for local supply chain during the reporting period. Meanwhile, our effort to build a sustainable supply chain was also recognised by receiving the national Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise Certificate from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). Direct (Scope 1) carbon emissions are emissions generated onsite from the activities an organisation owns or controls. Indirect (Scope 2) carbon emissions include indirect emissions generated from purchased energy. Strategy, Method & CO 2 ManagementUpdated Supplier Sustainability Management Structure Enabling, Interactive Function & ITDue Diligence Circular Economy & CO 2 measuresProduction ElectrificationSupply Chain Energy Management Strategy CO 2 ReductionEnergy Efficiency Energy Transformation We have firmly integrated environmental criteria into our supplier selection and management process, which includes a procurement strategy that weights the utilisation of renewable electricity and secondary materials as key selection criteria. We have also initiated the electrification of production processes to reduce supplier s direct carbon emission1 and encourage the use of renewable electricity to reduce supplier s indirect carbon emission2. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202367 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN The upstream automotive supply chain involves the procurement of raw materials and parts, including steel, non-ferrous metals, and HVBs. A large share of automotive manufacturing s energy consumption and carbon emission comes from the production and processing of these materials. In China, BMW is dedicated to developing, alongside our value chain partners to make a significant impact in improving energy efficiency and accelerating the energy transition. Strong collaboration and partnership are needed within the supplier network to implement series of nationwide low- carbon initiatives. For the existing supply chain energy structure and production technology, the adoption of renewable electricity is an effective and robust way to reduce carbon emissions in the supply chain. BMW Group specifies 100 renewable electricity usage in future BMW product manufacturing as part of the direct-supplier (Tier 1) nomination requirements. At the end of 2023, around 50 of supply chain electricity consumed by nominated local direct-supplier (Tier 1) for existing derivatives was committed to renewable sources. Meanwhile, 100 of our aluminium ingot foundry shop suppliers have already made their switch to renewable electricity since 2021, and all of our HVB cells suppliers have adopted 100 renewable electricity in their self-production process. We have developed digital training modules to enrich suppliers knowledge and level up management expertise of renewable electricity. ENABLING CIRCULARITY IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN We adhere to the Secondary First principle to reduce dependency on primary resources while ensuring product quality. To this end, we are working to expand the different types and volumes of secondary materials in the supply chain. We also piloted secondary plastic materials usage to produce brand-new interior and exterior parts for new vehicles. Precious metals Achieved over 70 secondary raw material use of palladium and rhodium since 2022. Aluminium ingot foundry Achieved 50 secondary raw material use as of the end of 2023. Aluminium casting Achieved 75 secondary raw material use in our Rim pilot project and supplier. HVB Retired HVB closed loop for nickel, cobalt, and lithium recycling in 2023, secondary aluminium and nickel are used in battery cell production. Plastic 30 secondary thermoplastic material utilised in interior and exterior parts in our pilot vehicle project, such as rocker panel, bumper bracket, storage box, etc.. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202368 Purchasing and Supplier Network OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CO 2 MANAGEMENT AWARD Shuaiyichi (Henan) New Material Technology Co., Ltd Shuaiyichi has actively supported BMW Group China s sustainable development. In addition to using 100 renewable energy for BMW Group China related production, Shuaiyichi tailored a closed-loop aluminium recycling system for BMW Brilliance Automotive. CIRCULAR ECONOMY AWARD Yanfeng Plastic Omnium (Shenyang) Automotive Exterior Systems Co. Yanfeng is contributing to the industrial chain of recycled materials and supporting the sustainability efforts of BMW Group China. Yanfeng rigorously sorts recycled materials by examining their density, colour, and near-infrared tests. It is estimated that the use of the recycled materials developed by Yanfeng could reduce carbon emissions by 20 to 50, compared to primary materials. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMATION & PARTNERSHIP IN THE SUPPL Y CHAIN Collaboration is the only way to achieve supply chain decarbonisation. By enabling renewable electricity in electrolytic aluminium production and using recycled aluminium material, we can reduce carbon emissions by 14 tonnes and 18 tonnes carbon reduction per tonne of aluminium produced respectively, compared to traditionally sourced aluminium raw materials. We also launched two Supply Chain Sustainability Awards the CO 2 Management Award and the Circular Economy Award to recognise outstanding initiatives and encourage supplier excellence. The event reinforced communication and united BMW Group China with its suppliers amidst shared challenges. The BMW Group integrates environmental, social standards and governance factors into its corporate sustainability strategy. With this strategy, BMW Group China has implemented socially responsible supply chain practices, whilst complying with local regulations. The sustainability targets of environment, health and safety (EHS) and social responsibility have been achieved through diverse projects, including third- party evaluation of sustainability questionnaires and regular assessments. At the same time, we have enhanced supply chain transparency within the purchasing process with due diligence action. In 2023, BMW Group China updated our Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC) with enhanced requirements for responsible business practices, the use of critical raw materials, and environmental and social responsibilities. SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL, HEAL TH AND SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENT BMW Group China believes that robust supplier EHS management and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) practices are the foundation of a sustainable supply chain. Over the years, BMW Group China has cooperated extensively with suppliers to improve EHS performance and explore more efficient management approaches through BMW s Supplier EHS Management Programme. We have formulated our Supplier Code of Conduct for raw material supply chains in accordance with environmental and social standards. On top of that, we also oblige Tier 1 suppliers to pass these requirements on to their upstream sub-suppliers. BMW Group focuses, in particular, on the conflict minerals tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (also known as 3TG). Utilising standardised tools from the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), BMW Group is able to trace these raw materials back to the smelter. In 2023, we conducted onsite assessments at 38 suppliers and raised average performance levels from 88 to 94. We are enabling sustainability management by using a digitalised ESG Risk Management System (ERMS) to monitor suppliers sustainability performance. The supply chain risks can be identified and tracked precisely by its risk tracking functions. In 2023, more than 400 risk cases in our supply chain were identified and mitigated without causing any disruptions to our supply chain operations. ENHANCE SUPPLY CHAIN ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY WITH ACTIONS To reduce EHS risks and secure the supply of BMW parts, we require our Tier 1 suppliers to conduct assessments of their upstream sub-suppliers. These assessments are then jointly verified by BMW and the Tier 1 suppliers. By the end of 2023, we have cumulatively completed 100 such Challenge Rounds through both remote and onsite assessment. SUPPLIER TRAINING BMW Group China strives for continuous improvement in enhancing supply chain sustainability by continually raising our suppliers awareness and knowledge of BMW s sustainability standards and requirements. CHAPTER 5 EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Dedicated to fostering a sustainable future, the BMW Group China is people-oriented. The growth of our business is based on the growth and well-being of our employees. As responsible corporate citizens, we recognise our role to make a positive impact on society. Future-proof Job 71 5. 2 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 77 5. 3 Benefits and Well-being 81 5. 4 Contributions to Social Prosperity 86BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202370 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 5. 1 FUTURE-PROOF JOB The BMW Group China appreciates the importance of long-term talent cultivation and support of talent. Our core values and culture guide us in how we create a high quality work experience for our employees. Associates received Best YOU award for their outstanding demonstration of corporate Core Values. SDG 4 and 8BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202371 Future-proof JobOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202372 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Future-proof Job CORE VALUES AND CULTURE Since the BMW Group introduced our core values in 2018, we have promoted responsibility, appreciation, transparency, trust, and openness across the BMW Group China. We have organised department- specific corporate culture activities in our Core Value Space for more than four years, providing teams with a relaxed and open environment to develop their own values initiatives. In 2023, we revamped the Core Value Space Ambassador Programme, empowering more business departments with self-facilitation skills for cultural workshops. Ambassadors can hold workshops for their teams in the Core Value Space. BEST YOU PROGRAMME The Best YOU programme fosters a culture of appreciation, giving recognition to the actions of our employees that embody our core values and company recommended behaviours. In 2023, more than 9, 600 associates received Best YOU award for their outstanding demonstration of corporate core values. individuals or teams have received Best of the Year awards for their great contribution to our business. RESPONSIBILITY APPRECIATIONTRANSPARENCY TRUSTOPENNESSOur Core Values EXPERIENTIAL CORE VALUES WORKSHOP FOR YOUNG TALENTS To introduce the BMW Group core values to our post 95 talents those born after 1995 we held a tailored workshop as part of our Beyond Programme. One of the highlights was the opportunity for participants to work together to build their ideal workplace using Lego with the core values as a framework. Associates have received Best in My Team awards from departmental management team, as individual or member of a winner team. Associates have received Best in My Eyes award as the appreciation from peer colleagues. Individuals or teams have received Best of the Year awards for their great contribution to our business. TALENT ATTRACTION In the rapidly changing world, employees are the greatest investment and source of value. At the BMW Group China, with Employer Branding playing an imperative role in talent attraction, we continually innovate in our talent attraction methods and programmes. Our approaches, beyond the job offerings, weave a narrative that embodies our culture, and successfully attracts kindred talents who share our values and vision, thereby shaping a unique and dynamic employer proposition. This approach consistently attracts talented individuals who are self-driven, in a relentless pursuit of excellence, and passionate to make a meaningful impact through their work. Through authentic employee experiences shared on social media and recruitment platforms, prospective talents gain direct insight into our employer brand. These efforts helped us attract and retain more key talents, injecting momentum into our long-term development. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202373 OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Future-proof Job BMW INTERNSHIP SUMMER CAMP A highlight of our internship programmes is the Internship Summer Camp, a collaboration between the BMW Group China and the School of Electronic and Information Engineering at T ongji University. This five-week programme provides interns with an immersive experience at our Shanghai R&D centre, where they work in teams alongside our autonomous driving and software testing professionals. This opportunity helps them to understand our future-oriented technologies and contribute to research or testing projects. We invited internal experts to explain the meaningful contents and promising development of the future. These events connected the BMW Group China and potential talents. Over 16, 000 participants joined the live streams, growing brand awareness with top talents. Young talents can bring a future-oriented mindset to address challenges. Our AcceleratiON Programme (International Trainee Programme) garnered widespread attention, attracting applicants through the top universities all over the world in 2023. We also launched campus activities called BMW Needs Youthful You to attract technical young talents with extensive promotion on WeChat public platforms. Activities include innovation competitions, career Q&A sessions, and academic challenges. These events attracted more than 1, 600 participants in 2023, building connections for future talent acquisition. In 2023, we held a series of special recruitment events targeted to 1st class universities in Munich and Stuttgart, Germany. Through these activities, we have been able to develop a talent pool for R&D and NEV, and have good interaction and communication with overseas Chinese students. HACKATHON EVEN The 2023 Hackathon event BMW iFACTORY was the third time for this cutting-edge programming competition, focused on industrial digital transformation. In the past three years, the innovative competition has attracted nearly 1, 300 young enthusiasts from the top universities, giving them the opportunity to see the BMW Shenyang production base and to bring fresh ideas for our industry s digital future. In Nanjing, our Tanyue Internship Programme attracted a large number of digital talents. During and after their internships, our interns shared their BMW career experiences publicly, providing a glimpse into our culture, values, and working environment. The sharing from the interns created positive word of mouth on social media, helping us build a strong brand image, reach a wide audience and attract more potential young talents. As a bridge between the BMW Group China and society, our interns strengthen our connection and engagement with the public. We partnered with the media to publish an article on the renewed interest in Northeast China. The piece promoted the region s profound cultural heritage and featured the BMW Group China as a prominent employment hub. The online article reached more than 100, 000 readers, effectively drawing the public s attention to the attractiveness of the Northeast region and the BMW Group China. It serves as the foundation for our digital transformation journey. This groundbreaking initiative introduced an innovative online learning model with interactive elements for active participation. In 2023, nearly 90 of the BMW Group China employees participated in this programme. Sustainability and technology is a key topic in the programme, addressing crucial aspects of environment, economy and society and how we strive to achieve our goals with technological innovation. CONTINUOUS INNOVATIVE TRAINING The digital age is rapidly changing our ways of learning and working as well as changing the external environment. INNOVATIVE MODEL We have established a gamified digital platform to deliver engaging and interactive training. The training model has greatly enhanced employees interest and engagement, helping them to quickly acquire knowledge and skills for professional growth and personal development. INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY We are using AI to optimise training methods. We launched internal training courses on AI knowledge and applications to improve our employees language and presentation skills through AI-assisted. In addition, we introduced metaverse technology to inspire young apprentices. With the range of options, we have fostered employees enthusiasm for learning. By the end of 2023, around 6, 200 employees voluntarily participated in E-learning activities. INNOVATIVE ENGAGEMENT We have refreshed our approach to employee engagement by integrating offline flipped classes, encouraging participants to interact and share their understanding of courses. This approach promotes teamwork and knowledge sharing, further inspiring employees to actively participate. These courses include leadership training, technical training, and internal trainer development programmes. These initiatives, supported by personalised learning paths and performance evaluations, foster a culture of continuous learning that keeps our employees engaged and adaptable in a rapidly evolving environment. In collaboration with top business schools, we offered Mini EMBA programmes to senior executives, providing tools and insights to navigate dynamic business environments. TECHNICAL TRAINING Focused on three core pillars of electrification, digitalisation and sustainability, we have developed a series of technical training programmes. BMW Group China is continuously empowering employees through transferring to the new high-voltage qualification. For electrification skills, more than 800 employees participated in the High Voltage Qualification Training in 2023, bringing the total number of certified professionals to over 8, 000, advancing our workforce readiness. For digitisation skills, we launched the Digital Pioneer project, empowering more than 100 digital talents with enhanced skills for data analysts, data scientists, and data architects, supported by certifications. New training courses for our battery plant prepare associates with updated standards and equipment. These experiences also promote personal growth through a learn by teaching approach, driving best practices across functions. These comprehensive training efforts bolster employee development and support the BMW Group China s long-term growth through continuous technological innovation and application. NURTURING YOUNG TALENTS To cultivate promising talent for the future, we collaborate closely with top universities in China, including Tsinghua University, Tongji University, Dalian University of Technology, Northeastern University, and Shenyang University of Technology. These partnerships provide research opportunities for Ph. D. and master s students that give young talents hands-on experience with the latest industry advancements. Dual system education with both classroom and on-the-job training is part of the German education policy and has contributed to the successful development of BMW Group in Germany. D. students visited our Chinese plants, engaging in productive exchanges with our local Ph. Two German students successfully completed a two-month internship at our Shenyang plant. Subsequently, our students traveled to Germany for workshop internships in September. This exchange marked our first learning exchange within the dual education system, strengthening cross-cultural communication and fostering the development of high- quality talent. Recognising the rich tapestry of cultural background, age and experience, gender, physical and mental abilities, sexual orientation and identity among our staff, we celebrate this diversity as it enriches our team dynamics to foster a workplace devoid of discrimination or prejudice where every team member can feel a sense of belonging and joy, realising their self-worth and crafting exceptional accomplishments together. SDG 5 and 10BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202377 Diversity, Equity and InclusionOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202378 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION CREATING AN INCLUSIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT An inclusive work environment opposes discrimination, enhances the quality of work and life, fosters organisational flexibility and vitality, and promotes the development of collective wisdom. BMW Group China has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to embracing diverse groups of people. We emphasise fairness and inclusivity in employment, and strive to integrate the principles of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) into our brand. We are dedicated to cultivating an inclusive and transparent workplace where diverse groups are afforded equitable access to development opportunities. We OUR COMMITMENTS In the current era, an increasing number of companies across industries are visible in their efforts to promote diversity, inclusion, and female leadership, sparking a global trend. The benefits of diversity and inclusion are numerous, including attracting top talent, improving decision-making quality, better understanding customers, enhancing employee satisfaction, building a strong employer brand, and fostering creativity, innovation, and productivity. We have always regarded our diversity as a strength. In this way we attract and retain the best talent and are therefore better prepared to meet our customers expectations wherever they are in the world. Adhering to the BMW Group s principles, we uphold inclusivity across all fronts, regardless of cultural background, age, gender, physical and mental abilities, or sexual orientation and identity. Equity and inclusion are the foundations of our organisation, it is our commitment to foster a corporate culture that respects and appreciates the individuality of each member. This culture strives to be unbiased and celebrates diversity, and we aspire to incorporate these principles into the growth and evolution of our corporate culture. Our ultimate goal is to gradually integrate persons with disabilities into BMW Group China as part of a broader cultural shift. On the WeChat recruitment platform, we have established a dedicated application channel in line with DEI enabling candidates who align with these values to apply. In 2023, we also invited social media influencer with disabilities to visit our Plant Lydia and share his her experience on social platforms. The comments on platforms, such as Bilibili and Douyin, have been overwhelmingly positive, with viewers expressing surprise at the feasibility of barrier-free workplaces. The positive feedback has not only helped strengthen our commitment, but also driven public interest in our products, showcasing the positive influence of the BMW brand. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202379 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION PROMOTING DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION To continue drawing attention to DEI among our employees, we launched a series of Diversity Day online events and offline experiential activities in 2023. 2023 DEI JOURNEY March International Women s Day May World Cultural Diversity Day August Diversity Summer Carnival November International Day of T olerance December Unconscious BiasHIGHLIGHTS FROM THE DIALOGUE DIVERSITY DAYS We hosted these activities series to raise awareness about diversity issues within the company, our Diversity Days promoted employee DEI through a range of engaging activities, including themed events, offline roadshows, and online platforms (e. g., newsletters and Joy Chat) to reach our vast employee base and enhance interaction. The Our Key to Success Women video campaign in Shenyang showcases the profound impact that female employees have on the development of BMW Group China. With their diverse talents, skills and unique personalities, female employees drive the company forward while inspiring others to fulfill their potential. The video captures their remarkable success stories and shows how they have overcome challenges and triumphed in their respective fields. A live- stream Female Career Development Dialogue, centered on eight potential breakthroughs in women s career advancement, featured three Chinese female leaders sharing their experiences. This cross-entity event emphasised potential and strength, attracting 895 registrations. BMW believes success is rooted in diversity, and it proudly showcases its diverse culture and female employees. WORLD CULTURAL DIVERSITY DAY People coming together to share their food provides a meaningful way to celebrate our World Cultural Diversity Day. The event highlighted the global culinary riches within BMW Group China and offered an immersive experience for colleagues to sample diverse dishes and understand their cultural backgrounds. The festival departed from traditional intercultural events, focusing on the diversity of BMW in China. In Shenyang, we also organised a week-long virtual Culinary Journey. Other activities included a lucky draw quiz on cultural tips and an online e-postcard platform for sharing diversity stories. These activities fostered a better understanding and appreciation of cultural diversity among our employees. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202380 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION INTERNATIONAL DAY OF TOLERANCE To commemorate the International Day of Tolerance in November, BMW Group China sent a letter to all associates, aimed to raise awareness of the day, underline the importance of tolerance and inclusivity, and reiterate BMW s strategy on diversity. UNCONSCIOUS BIAS Shenyang held a week-long virtual on-site tour From Unconscious Bias to Conscious Inclusion for all associates, aimed to encourage them to get to know six unconscious bias, avoid them and build an inclusive workplace. Other activities, included online quizzes, email signatures, story collections, and special events for young colleagues, designed to further enhance cultural diversity. associates and their families experienced the maze and answered the quiz. Employees communicated in whole 2023 DEI events. People participated in a diversity quiz. DIVERSITY SUMMER CARNIVAL The BMW Brilliance s 20th Diversity Summer Carnival successfully merged diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) with social responsibility, emphasising the inclusion of individuals with disabilities through activities like a DEI maze and DEI intercultural change mapping. The carnival attracted over 7, 000 participants, including associates and their family members, and created a fun-filled environment for knowledge sharing, with a special focus on young people and the themes of DEI associated with social responsibility, and the circular economy. EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE My favorite intercultural experience in China was the diverse range of food choices, each region offering unique flavors. Diversity and inclusion can make teamwork more efficient, and different experiences allow teams to complement each other s strengths. Expatriate colleagues at BMW Brilliance s 20th Diversity Summer Carnival 5. 3 BENEFITS AND WELL-BEING BMW Group China, as a global enterprise with localised characteristics, embraces a people-oriented approach, prioritising the safety and happiness of over 28, 000 employees. Our comprehensive benefits enrich employees lives and enhance their overall well-being, encouraging them to participate in sustainability activities and make a contribution to society. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked). People participated in cultural and sports activities in Shenyang. SDG 3 and 8BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202381 Benefits and Well-beingOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202382 Benefits and Well-being OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE HEALTH AND SAFETY Providing a safe workplace for employees is a fundamental responsibility for the BMW Group China. Through these ongoing measures, we continuously raise our employees safety consciousness, so they can fully unleash their potential in a secure environment and contribute to a sustainable business. ROBUST OHS MANAGEMENT A robust occupational health and safety (OHS) management system is paramount to safeguarding the safety and well-being of our employees. By ensuring regulatory compliance, we can mitigate occupational health and safety risks and prevent accidents. The BMW Group China complies with all applicable Chinese laws and regulations, as well as the BMW Group s health and safety policy, to ensure that every employee works in a safe and healthy environment. Our OHS management system meets international and domestic policies and standards, such as the United Nations Global Compact, the ISO 45001 2018 standard and the International Labour Organisation s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. All BMW Brilliance manufacturing sites hold the ISO 45001 2018 accreditation, fulfilling the requirements of OHS management systems. We have also maintained the Work Safety Standardisation Level 2 Certification from the Emergency Management Department of Liaoning Province. In 2023, our accident frequency rate was 0. 06 per million hours worked. The BMW Group China s senior management assumes full responsibility and accountability for preventing work-related accidents and maintaining safe and healthy workplaces for all employees at manufacturing sites. The management team has established OHS policies aligned with strategic goals, ensuring continuous improvement and effective operation. Our safety production responsibility system is fully integrated at all levels. It is supported by digital solutions such as the E-Safety platform for streamlined safety management, including modules with guidance for safety inspections, special equipment management, and a function for electronic signatures for OHS liability letters. In addition to the full-fledged OHS management system, we carry out company-wide safety activities and organise training to improve associates safety awareness and capability. OHS HAZARDS AND RISK MANAGEMENT OHS risk management is crucial for enterprises to protect employee welfare. Our risk management measures include a dual-prevention mechanism for the classification, investigation, and governance of hidden safety hazards. The mechanism supports controlling risks in plants, from organisational, institutional, technical and emergency perspectives. In 2023, we emphasised ergonomics, behavioural patterns, and job rotation strategies to safeguard employees from developing musculoskeletal issues. These exercises can be easily integrated into employees daily routines, offering relief from physical stress. These sessions covered a variety of topics to safeguard the well-being of our employees. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202383 Benefits and Well-being OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION HEAL TH INITIATIVES We provide accessible support to our associates at our onsite medical health service and Physical Assessment & Rehabilitation Centre (PAR Centre). This programme aims to help employees cultivate healthier habits through initiatives such as Mental Care, Stop Smoking, Burn What You Eat, Hearing Protection, Healthy Sleep and Flu Vaccination. These efforts foster a culture of well-being within our organisation, complemented by campaign days, dialogue events, and training sessions on nutrition, fitness, cancer prevention, and mental resilience. MENTAL CARE The BMW Group China places a significant emphasis on mental health. In 2023, we delivered 35 courses on mental health issues, engaged 455 associates in mental health consultations, and trained 811 individuals through online and offline Employee Assistance Programme (EAP) sessions. We also launched a series of campaigns to educate the workforce on topics such as addiction prevention and strategies for maintaining robust mental health. The activities attracted 1, 931 active participants, to sustain awareness and participation in hearing protection measures. In 2023, we conducted four onsite training sessions to stop smoking for approximately 200 participants, and organised combined health activities to further promote a culture of well-being within our organisation. HEALTHY SLEEP We organised ongoing training to improve sleep quality of our employees. A total of 22, 761 employees participated in the assessment during 2023 annual health check, which enabled us to detect any issues in developing healthy sleep patterns. FLU VACCINATION In 2023, we administered flu vaccinations to 3, 046 employees, with 2, 785 individuals in Shenyang and 261 in Beijing. HEALTH CHECK In 2023, we continued to provide annual health checks, with an impressive participation rate of 96 among Shenyang employees, representing a 2 increase from 2022, and 82. 1 among non-Shenyang employees, representing a 9 increase. This initiative has significantly improved staff awareness of the importance of health screening and annual health checks. Our weight management meal project in the Plant Tiexi and Plant Lydia restaurants received positive feedback, leading to their continuation to promote healthy eating habits among employees. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202384 Benefits and Well-being OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION WELL-ROUNDED EMPLOYEE WELFARE An enterprise s success depends not only on the quality products and services, but also on a thriving workforce. COMPETITIVE BENEFITS The BMW Group China emphasises the health, happiness, and career development of our employees to cultivate a sustainable business model and foster innovation. We continuously optimise our benefits policies and support for our employees. In line with the new government regulations, we extended paternity leave in applicable cities, as well as introduced childcare leave and parent caring leave. For retired employees, we also offer a range of benefits, including preferential channels and discounts for personal insurance, annual health checks, and car purchase assistance. These benefits reflect our care for employees personal lives to help them better establish a work- life balance. WELL-ROUNDED WELFARE Prioritising comprehensive employee welfare is a significant way for companies to fulfill their social responsibilities and enhance employee satisfaction. Through the union, we actively listen to our employees, putting forward more than 20 negotiation proposals in 2023 that covered a wide range of areas, including compensation, working environment, insurance, and work-life balance. These proposals are directly communicated to the management through collective bargaining, leading to the implementation of welfare policies and continuous improvements in working conditions for employees. This recognition includes gifts during festivals, birthdays, and special occasions, movie tickets, discounts on public housing, and kindergarten fees. In 2023, the Associate Charity Funds benefited 1, 724 employees, covering hospital visits, bereavement support, weddings, newborns, medical assistance, and financial aid. A total of 2, 592 associates are living in our public rental housing project in Shenyang, enjoying the convenience and benefits provided by this service. We are also actively promoting the establishment of work break stations and Associate Homes, providing associates with a place to relax and communicate near their workplaces. In our Model Worker Innovation Studios, skilled employees assume leadership roles, spearheading cross-departmental projects and leveraging resources to drive technological advancements. This approach fosters initiative and creativity, and in Shenyang, we have 3, 950 Employees who enjoyed childcare or parent care leave. We also organise competitions and events to enhance employees skills, providing a platform for them to showcase their technical prowess. These opportunities allow skilled employees to gain recognition and appreciation, benefitting both personal growth and business development. Activities, such as the Joy Run Carnivals and Multi-events Sport Games, encourage physical activity and healthy habits among associates. Cultural exchanges like Oktoberfest and Sino-German activities foster cross-cultural understanding and cooperation. Family-oriented events such as parent- child carnivals and family days strengthen bonds between colleagues, families, and the company. In 2023, we organised more than 20 cultural and sports activities in Shenyang plants, with over 25, 000 participants. Commercial Insurance Participants (total of all entities under flex programme) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202385 Benefits and Well-being OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT The long-term sustainability of the BMW Group China calls for a motivating work culture that drives employee performance, resilience, innovation and attracting and retaining top talent. We are guided by trust, transparency, and openness in our human resources policymaking and decision-making processes. Every year, we organise themed employee experience events to showcase our products. In 2023, we hosted employee experience events at the Shanghai Auto Show and BMW M Driving Experience China programme in Tianjin. The Beijing Joint Associate Event held the Joint Associate Event in the Winter Olympic venue, associates have not only enjoyed the fantastic show, but also consolidated their confidence in our products and future competency for the transformation. Celebrating BMW Brilliance s 20th anniversary together, the One-Team spirit and collaboration was also fostered. Being appreciated for their outstanding contribution and commitment to BMW, all associates have been further engaged with Passion for the Future, even for former employees. SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES At the BMW Group China, we are dedicated to integrating social responsibility into our employees daily lives. This commitment is exemplified through our Associate Social Responsibility (ASR) initiative, which embeds sustainability into a wide range of employee activities, turning our people into active partners in driving sustainable development. Our Social Week initiative encourages employees to engage in social responsibility activities, with the addition of Social Day in 2023 to emphasise integrating social responsibility into daily life. This letter covered an overview of the Group s social responsibility initiatives and featured three educational videos. These videos, curated by local management and former recipients of our social responsibility awards, focused on our sustainability strategy, the BMW Group China s CSR achievements, and a heartfelt account of a seven-year project to support children. These resources are aimed at deepening our employees understanding of our social responsibility efforts and inspiring them to take part in meaningful social initiatives. CREATING DIVERSE COMMUNICATION CHANNELS We actively listen to employee feedback through various communication channels, including our WeChat official account, internal webpage, JoyChat Digital Union platform, and bi-monthly newsletter, U-journal. These platforms support sharing of best practices, festival greetings, union activity notices, and information on employee rights protection and employee care, fostering a supportive environment where every voice is heard. In 2023, we conducted an employee survey across the whole company. Our 2023 employee satisfaction survey revealed a positive satisfaction rate of 95 among pilot department participants, guiding us in implementing measures to enhance the employee experience and workplace environment. ENHANCING THE CONNECTION THROUGH PRODUCT AND BRAND EXPERIENCE As employees are our brand ambassadors in the community, it is important for them to feel a close connection with our products and brand. The BMW Group China strengthens the connection through engaging activities that enable employees to experience our products firsthand to build their understanding of the BMW brand and an emotional connection. BMW Brilliance s 20th anniversary 1 5. 4 CONTRIBUTIONS TO SOCIAL PROSPERITY At the BMW Group China, we recognise the importance of corporate social responsibility (CSR) for the growth of our company and the prosperity of society. Sustainability is integral to our enterprise strategy, promoting inclusiveness and balance among the economy, environment, and society. We are devoted to truly addressing social challenges by researching these issues and proposing solutions. SDG 4, 10, 11, 14, 15 and 17BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202386 Contributions to Social ProsperityOTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETYFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202387 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION OUR CSR APPROACH AND PROGRAMMES Guided by the concepts of Co-developing in Harmony, Co-Creating shared value for both business and society, and Crafting a Beautiful Homeland, the BMW Group China s CSR strategy is built on three principles long-term development; efficacy comes first; and all- round stakeholder engagement. By aligning our CSR initiatives with social agendas and national priorities, we create value for society, customers, and industry, fostering mutual growth. In our commitment to sustainable development, we systematically design and implement CSR programmes, and deliver around two pivotal themes in China traditional culture protection and biodiversity conservation. In 2023, the number of beneficiaries of our CSR activities reached a high of 35, 542, 888, an increase of 11. 47 from 2022. 1 3 42 1. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202388 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW CHINA CUL TURE JOURNEY We believe culture is a key element that connects people and bridges the world. As a steadfast partner in Chinese society, the BMW Group China cherishes China s cultural diversity. The BMW Group China Culture Journey, introduced in 2007, reflects our people-oriented approach to sustainable development and corporate social responsibility. This programme seeks to safeguard intangible cultural assets while integrating social innovations. Over the past 18 years, we have visited 421 intangible cultural heritage items in 24 provinces and municipalities, supporting 90 intangible cultural heritage items in urgent need of safeguarding. BMW CHINA CULTURE JOURNEY INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE PROTECTION INNOVATION DELIVERABLES EXHIBITION In February 2023, the BMW China Culture Journey Intangible Cultural Heritage Protection Innovation Deliverables Exhibition opened at the China Science and Technology Museum in Beijing. The exhibition creatively integrated art, culture, and science to help popularise traditional Chinese culture to the public. It showcased remarkable intangible cultural artworks, and offered an immersive experience through the Scented Intangible Cultural Heritage installation, engaging visitors senses of sight, smell, and touch. The BMW 7 Series Halo Edition, co-created by BMW Group China and Tsinghua University s Academy of Arts and Design, also embodied the fusion of art and science and Eastern and Western aesthetics. BEAUTIFUL CHINA COLLECTION OF CREATIVE CASES OF INTANGIBLE CULTURAL HERITAGE The BMW Group China is committed to innovating, protecting, and preserving traditional Chinese culture by revitalising traditional crafts. The BMW Group China and Tsinghua University Arts & Design Academy co-edited the book, Beautiful China Collection of Creative Cases of Intangible Cultural Heritage, which was published by Tsinghua University Publishing House in June 2023. The collection gathers features from the work of 29 intangible cultural heritage inheritors who worked with mentors from Tsinghua University s Academy of Arts and Design. It provides a vivid record of the mentors intangible cultural heritage inheritors collaborations, highlighting the inheritors thinking process, exploration, and innovative practices that integrate intangible cultural heritage with modern consumer insights, product design, and marketing. This collection is a perfect interpretation of the BMW Group s At Home in China philosophy, and represents the BMW Group s proactive efforts in connecting stakeholders in China to work together to solve practical social problems, so we can all create a beautiful China for our future generations. As of 16 00 Feb. 28, 2023 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202389 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION TRADITIONAL HANDCRAFT CREATIVE DESIGN COMPETITION The Traditional Handcraft Creative Design Competition, guided by the concepts of innovative transformation and innovative development, promotes the idea of sustainable development, fostering economic prosperity and harmonious development between the environment and humanity. With main themes Creative cultural souvenirs for tourists, and Furnishings or decoration items for country Bed and Breakfast lifestyle it aligns with social trends such as circular economy, cultural tourism, and rural revitalisation. The crossover teams use natural or recyclable materials in their innovative creations, fostering the sustainable development of intangible cultural heritage inheritors and promoting Chinese traditional culture to modern youth. BMW CHINA CULTURE JOURNEY UPGRADE China s Grand Canal is a testament of the wisdom and the national memory of the Chinese people, serving as an important cultural symbol of China. In April 2024, BMW Group China, in collaboration with the Network of International Culturalink Entities and the China Education Development Foundation, jointly launched the BMW China Culture Journey - Grand Canal Cultural Protection and Education Public Welfare Project. As the lighthouse programme of the BMW China Culture Journey, we are committed to protecting the tangible and intangible cultural heritage along the Grand Canal. The programme seeks to engage nearly 10 million users and national dealers to boost cultural tourism centered around the Grand Canal heritage. FUJIAN TEA CULTURE TOUR Originating in China and spreading worldwide, tea serves as a bridge between man and nature. In November 2022, traditional tea processing techniques and associated social practices in China was added to UNESCO s Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. The tour offered an immersive journey into Fujian to explore the sustainability philosophy of the harmony between man and nature inherent in tea culture. Through Experience, Engage, Enable and Educate, the Fujian Tea Tour encouraged greater social involvement in rural tourism and rural revitalisation, to educate participants to immerse in, learn about, and promote the richness of China s traditional culture. It is an important stopover for the north-south migration of red- crowned cranes along the East Asia-Australasia migratory route and serves as the breeding ground for the largest population of black-billed gulls in the world, holding significant ecological conservation value. This year, we upgraded the BMW-donated Nature Bird Hide in Liaohekou into an intelligent bird hide equipped with a digital monitoring system for real-time dynamic monitoring of birds and ecology conditions in key areas around at the same time. It serves as a multi-functional house for wildlife watching and public education. Additionally, the statue of The World s Largest Breeding Ground for Saunders s Gulls was successfully completed in the Nanxiaohe protection station, conveying our vision of ecological civilisation that pursues harmony between human and nature. This statue plays an important role in shaping the image of the future Liaohekou National Park. Acknowledging its ecological significance, we donated to support the Shandong Yellow River Delta National Nature Reserve to build a wetland national park and organised a donation ceremony in July 2023 at the Yellow River Delta. Since 2022, the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative has reached more than 13 million people times through biodiversity education courses, live-streaming and documentaries, etc. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The BMW Group China has organised 106 biodiversity-themed public welfare activities with our dealers and encouraged associates to actively join in beach clean-up activities at the Liaohekou National Nature Reserve, with nearly 100 associates participating twice. BMW BEAUTIFUL HOMELAND INITIATIVE Humanity is now facing a triple environmental crisis global warming, biodiversity loss, and escalating pollution and sustainability is our answer to these challenges. The government of China sees biodiversity as the foundation, objective, and means of sustainable development, and promotes the Chinese modernisation of harmony between humanity and nature. In response, we initiated the BMW Beautiful Homeland Initiative, a programme dedicated to promoting China s biodiversity and national park construction and enhancing public awareness of biodiversity conservation. BMW Group China is firmly committed to its sustainability strategy and is innovatively exploring ways to engage more stakeholders in biodiversity conservation, contributing to the construction of China s ecological civilisation. BMW X Weibo Campus Beautiful Homeland Nature Watch mini-programme BMW X Tencent Charity Walk Together Joining BMW to Protect Beautiful Wetlands WeChat mini-programHighlighted the beauty of national parks and offered opportunities for public participation in biodiversity conservation online Enabled the public to support wetland protection by donating their daily walking steps BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202391 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW JOY HOME Launched in 2011, BMW JOY Home promotes rural sports education development for children in alignment with national rural revitalisation and rural education goals. The money will support improvements to local school conditions and support local talent in Jinping and Malipo counties in Yunnan Province. This is our third donation to the region over 12 years to support educational development, which deeply reflects our long-term commitment to social responsibility, emphasising practical actions to give back to Chinese society. The programme includes a donation of RMB 1 million to assist 125 outstanding high school graduates admitted to university, easing the financial burden on their families and helping them complete their studies. Over the next three years, more than 8, 000 local teachers and students are expected to directly benefit from these initiatives, promoting urban-rural education integration and rural revitalisation. BMW CHILDREN S TRAFFIC SAFETY EDUCATION The BMW Group China works closely with dealers, car owners and other partners to fulfil its social commitment to traffic safety education. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education (CTSE), launched in 2005, integrates the traditional Chinese value of propriety in 2020. In collaboration with the China Education Development Foundation and China Children s Press & Publication Group, we developed a package of educational materials called Travel with Propriety. The package features scenarios that present three core concepts propriety as a pedestrian, as a passenger and as a driver. In 2023, 355 dealerships participated in the implementation of 605 CSR events, 60 of which were children s traffic safety education. BMW Children s Traffic Safety Education1 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202392 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERING For years, the BMW Group China has promoted the concept of sustainable development, pursuing harmonious development of business and society, showing care for local communities, and contributing to society with innovative CSR concepts. BMW Group China believes that volunteerism is not defined by a single individual undertaking a substantial amount of work, but rather by many individuals contributing a small effort. In 2023, we organised 11 volunteer activities, which involved 904 volunteers who contributed 6, 050 volunteer hours. Total participants of CSR activities in 2023. 6, 050 Total hours of volunteer service in 2023. 60 participants 400 Volunteer Service HoursVOLUNTEERING WITH THE CHINESE TRADITIONAL CULTURE Promoted the intangible cultural heritage, associates enhanced their understanding of China s intangible cultural heritage. participants 2, 400 Volunteer Service HoursRIVER AND BEACH CLEANUP ACTIVITIES Associates took part in river and beach cleanup activities, protecting the ecological environment and enhancing environmental protection awareness. participants 2, 000 Volunteer Service HoursVOLUNTEERING WITH BMW JOY HOME Associates visited schools in a mountainous area, conducting interest classes, providing futuristic technology experiences, bringing donations of supplies, and offering care and encouragement to the children. participants 600 Volunteer Service HoursFOREST MANAGEMENT1 Associates participated in tree planting and sand control activities, to connect with nature, build resilience and team cohesion, and enhance their recognition of corporate social responsibility. participants 180 Volunteer Service HoursPLOGGING ACTIVITIES Associates worked tirelessly, hiked in the mountains to pick up trash, and made their own contribution to cleaning up the Earth. participants 300 Volunteer Service HoursVOICE FOR KIDS Associates and their families recorded uplifting messages to offer emotional support and encouragement to left-behind children. Including BEYOND Programme and Shenyang Union Sand Control Afforestation Programme BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202393 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SOCIAL DONATIONS The BMW Group China shows proactive support to Chinese society, stepping up in the occurrence of natural disasters, or other incidents. SUPPORT BEIJING FLOOD RELIEF In July 2023, Super Typhoon Doksuri caused serious human and property loss in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. We immediately responded to the call of the government and the needs of the people in the disaster area with a donation of RMB 15 million to the Beijing Charity Association for flood relief assistance and post-disaster reconstruction work. SUPPORT GANSU EARTHQUAKE RELIEF In December 2023, a 6. 2-magnitude earthquake hit Jishishan County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province. The earthquake caused casualties, road traffic disruption, and supply shortages. LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT Committed to the At Home in China philosophy, we emphasise local community development and deep stakeholder engagement to achieve synergistic growth with the local region. In Shenyang, the birthplace of BMW in China, we have launched a series of programmes to promote cultural exchanges and cooperation. Aligning with the BMW iFACTORY production strategy of sustainability at the Shenyang production base, the project features 10 remarkable artworks created by young artists, including oil paintings, sculptures and installations, exhibited at the Plant Dadong and Plant Tiexi Lydia Site. The project aims to the raise awareness of sustainable development among employees and the public through cultural and artistic activities. It enhances sensitivity to sustainability issues through exhibitions and performances. Immersive art project exhibition BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 202394 Contributions to Social Prosperity OTHER INFORMATIONPRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION 100 Innovation Cases to Make the Society Better In September 2023, The BMW China Culture Journey was given an honourable mention in the 2023 South Review s Social Innovation Conference case collection, 100 Innovation Cases to Make the Society Better. OUR CSR AWARDS AND HONOURS IN 2023 066. 1 Sustainability Data Summary 96 6. 2 GRI Content Index 102 6. 3 Limited Assurance Report 113 6. 4 Basis of Reporting 115CHAPTER 6 OTHER INFORMATIONBMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY95 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAINFUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SUSTAINABILITY DATA SUMMARY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Revenues from operations (in RMB million) 172, 692 189, 006 214, 787 - - 334, 312 336, 9352-6. 8 T ax (in RMB billion) 35 38 43 49 49 80 74. 53 -6. 8 Vehicles produced (in unit) 536, 537 602, 936 700, 787 674, 663 728, 562 8. 0 674, 663 728, 562 8. 0 Retail vehicle deliveries3 (in unit) - - - - - 791, 985 824, 932 4. 2 Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide4 (number) 647 666 683 707 744 5. 2 893 937 4. 9 Note 1. Additional information on Revenues from operations of BMW Brilliance is not disclosed for reasons of confidentiality. Renamed from authorised dealer outlets nationwide, as the MINI brand made transition to the agency sales model in the Chinese market in 2023. 5. This figure is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 by MIIT on April 1st, 2024. PRODUCTS AND MOBILITY SOLUTIONS BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Average fleet CO2 emissions (domestic) (in g km) 137. 8 142. 1 152. 8 144. 1 142. 9 -0. 8 144. 1 142. 9 -0. 8 Average fleet CO2 emissions (imported) (in g km) - - - - - - 171. 6 165. 7 -3. 4 Corporate average fuel consumption (domestic) (in l 100 km) 5. 79 5. 97 6. 42 6. 0856. 03 -0. 9 6. 08 6. 035-0. 8 Corporate average fuel consumption (imported) (in l 100 km) - - - - - 7. 24 6. 995-3. 5 Retail New Energy Vehicles deliveries3 (in unit) - - - - - 59, 118 99, 972 69. 1 High-voltage batteries recycled (in pieces) 3, 262 4, 347 6, 173 10, 153 41, 759 311. 3 10, 318 42, 072 307. 8 High-voltage batteries recycled (in kg) 78, 875 98, 261 123, 111 579, 231 1, 020, 470 76. 2 589, 384 1, 029, 390 74. 7 Spare parts recycled (number) 124, 600 108, 070 278, 000 275, 421 351, 634 27. 7 275, 421 351, 634 27. 7 Spare parts recycled (in t) 563 669 867 595 766 28. 7 595 766 28. 7 Public charging pillars provided in China (number) 130, 405 306, 891 365, 713 470, 534 588, 550 25. 1 470, 534 588, 550 25. 1 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary96 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION PRODUCTION AND OPERATION BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change CO2 emissions per vehicle produced2 (in tCO2 vehicle) 0. 21 0. 19 0. 17 0. 19 0. 18 -5. 3 0. 19 0. 18 -5. 3 T otal Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO2 CO2e) 21, 251, 988 24, 113, 170 29, 201, 934 32, 560, 605 34, 780, 313 6. 8 39, 720, 941. 00 40, 211, 085 1. 2 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO2) 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 57, 309 - 54, 306 58, 532 - BMW Group China locations - natural gas 42, 141 43, 614 50, 937 54, 306 53, 044 -2. 3 54, 306 53, 044 -2. 3 Company vehicles3- - - - 4, 265 - - 5, 488 - Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions4 (in tCO2) 68, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 80, 662 6. 0 76, 121 81, 109 6. 6 Electricity heat purchased468, 602 71, 275 71, 604 76, 121 80, 662 6. 0 76, 121 81, 109 6. 6 Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO2e) 21, 141, 245 23, 998, 281 29, 079, 393 32, 430, 178 34, 642, 342 6. 8 39, 590, 514 40, 071, 444 1. 2 Purchased goods and services5, 6 9, 624, 538 10, 711, 299 12, 881, 245 12, 973, 070 13, 774, 060 6. 2 14, 724, 598 15, 060, 222 2. 3 Logistics7173, 102 175, 113 310, 772 519, 304 619, 572 19. 3 711, 850 821, 111 15. 3 Utilisation phase 11, 058, 404 12, 799, 547 15, 521, 957 18, 562, 014 19, 818, 887 6. 8 23, 693, 045 23, 688, 313 0. 0 Disposal6, 8267, 321 300, 866 352, 059 361, 245 411, 124 13. 8 444, 234 47 7, 8 8 0 7. 6 Business trips98, 815 2, 105 2, 606 2, 560 6, 438 151. 5 4, 802 11, 657 142. 8 Employees commuting 9, 065 9, 351 10, 754 11, 985 12, 261 2. 3 11, 985 12, 261 2. 3 Share of renewable electricity (in ) 100 100 100 100 100 0. 0 100 100 0. 0 Total energy consumption10, 11 (in MWh) 974, 642 1, 026, 890 1, 106, 295 1, 169, 425 1, 245, 906 6. 5 1, 189, 231 1, 267, 107 6. 5 Total fuel consumption from non-renewable resources (natural gas) (in MWh)233, 127 238, 834 295, 209 297, 7 27 298, 231 0. 2 297, 7 27 298, 231 0. 2 Total electricity consumption10 (in MWh) 557, 572 590, 214 590, 662 625, 039 664, 759 6. 4 644, 845 684, 848 3. 1 Total heating consumption11 (in MWh) 183, 943 197, 8 42 220, 424 246, 659 282, 916 14. 7 246, 659 284, 028 14. 6 Energy consumption per vehicle produced (in MWh vehicle) 1. 63 1. 51 1. 40 1. 60 1. 58 -1. 3 1. 60 1. 58 -1. 3 Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) per vehicle produced (in kg vehicle)0. 52 0. 50 0. 12 0. 12 0. 11 -8. 3 0. 12 0. 11 -8. 3 Total water consumption (in m3) 1, 332, 876 1, 188, 228 1, 275, 998 1, 191, 954 1, 255, 579 5. 3 1, 191, 954 1, 255, 579 5. 3 Water consumption per vehicle produced (in m3 vehicle) 2. 40 1. 97 1. 82 1. 77 1. 72 -2. 8 1. 77 1. 72 -2. 8Note 1. The previous years' figures have been adjusted for comparison purposes. The methodology used to calculate emissions changed in the 2023 reporting year. Enhancements to the IT system have made it possible to perform a differentiated calculation for all vehicles taking into account different energy mixes and carbon emission factors for different production regions. The values in the time series were adapted using this new methodology (values based on prior methodology for BMW Brilliance 2019 3, 981, 487 tCO2e, 2020 4, 339, 177 tCO2e, 2021 5, 071, 706 tCO2e, 2022 5, 179, 693 tCO2e, 2023 5, 666, 641 tCO2e; for BMW Group China 2022 6, 410, 297 tCO2e, 2023 6, 658, 211 tCO2e). Emissions of the vehicle-related purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the adjustments to emissions factors and the increase in weight transported. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the increase of the total number of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China in Chinese mainland market. In 2023, Powertrain Plant achieved zero landfill waste. DEALER AND SUPPLY CHAIN BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change Local content suppliers in China5 (number) 394 400 436 429 455 6. 1 429 455 6. 1 Purchasing volume in China5 (in RMB billion) 49. 68 54. 89 71. 39 73. 47 86. 53 17. 8 73. 47 86. 53 17. 8 Certificated BMW NT Green Star dealers6 (number) - - - - - - - 251 - BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY Sustainability Data Summary98 PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION EMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY BMW BRILLIANCE BMW GROUP CHINA1 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Change 2022 2023 Change T otal workforce at year-end (number) 19, 824 20, 739 22, 829 25, 802 25, 856 0. 2 27, 9 8 2 28, 074 0. 3 Female employees in total workforce (number) 2, 389 2, 465 2, 725 2, 931 3, 119 6. 4 4, 066 4, 256 4. 7 Female employees in total workforce (in ) 12. 1 11. 9 11. 9 11. 4 12. 1 6. 1 14. 5 15. 2 4. 8 Male employees in total workforce (number) 17, 435 18, 274 20, 104 22, 871 22, 737 -0. 6 23, 916 23, 818 -0. 4 Male employees in total workforce (in ) 87. 9 88. 1 88. 1 88. 6 87. 9 -0. 8 85. 5 84. 8 -0. 8 Employees, age 30 (number) 7, 48 6 6, 893 7, 099 7, 881 6, 811 -13. 6 8, 089 6, 985 -13. 6 Employees, age 30 (in ) 37. 8 33. 2 31. 1 30. 5 26. 3 -13. 8 28. 9 24. 9 -13. 8 Employees, age 30-50 (number) 12, 192 13, 675 15, 515 17, 670 18, 741 6. 1 19, 582 20, 718 5. 8 Employees, age 30-50 (in ) 61. 5 65. 9 68. 0 68. 5 72. 5 5. 8 70. 0 73. 8 5. 4 Employees, age 50 (number) 146 171 215 251 304 21. 1 311 371 19. 3 Employees, age 50 (in ) 0. 7 0. 8 0. 9 1. 0 1. 2 20. 0 1. 1 1. 3 18. 2 Employees in Shenyang (number) 19, 068 19, 963 21, 563 24, 174 24, 027 -0. 6 24, 260 24, 131 -0. 5 Employees in Shenyang (in ) 96. 2 96. 3 94. 5 93. 7 92. 9 -0. 9 86. 7 85. 9 -0. 9 Employees in Beijing (number) 756 776 1, 266 990 1, 073 8. 4 2, 709 2, 802 3. 4 Employees in Beijing (in ) 3. 8 3. 7 5. 5 3. 8 4. 1 10. 5 9. 7 10. 0 3. 1 Employees in Shanghai (number) - - - 103 96 -6. 8 377 387 2. 7 Employees in Shanghai (in ) - - - 0. 4 0. 4 0. 0 1. 3 1. 4 7. 7 Employees in other cities (number) - - - 535 660 23. 4 636 754 18. 6 Employees in other cities (in ) - - - 2. 1 2. 6 23. 8 2. 3 2. 7 17. 4 Note 1. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. 3. This figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. This figure does not include employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the scope expansion by including e-learning courses into the scope. Accumulated figure which highly depends on the data in the reporting year and the previous years. Started from 2023, the voluntary activities held by BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland are included into the scope. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. The increase in this figure is mainly due to the reporting scope expansion and the long duration of the held volunteer activities. GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-1 Organisation details 09 -- -- GRI 2-2 Entities included in the organisation s sustainability reporting 02 -- -- GRI 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 02 -- -- GRI 2-4 Restatements of information -- Where necessary and possible, restatements are explained in footnotes to the respective groups. GRI 2-5 External assurance 113 -- -- GRI 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 10, 59-69 -- -- GRI 2-7 Employees 71-85, 99-101 -- 6GRI 1 FOUNDATION GRI 1 applied GRI 1 Foundation 2021 Applicable GRI Sector Standard (s) None BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index102 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-8 Workers who are not employees -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition 20 -- -- GRI 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 20 -- -- GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 04-06 -- -- GRI 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts 20 -- -- GRI 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 20 -- -- GRI 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting 20 -- -- GRI 2-15 Conflicts of interest -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 17-19 -- -- GRI 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 20 -- -- GRI 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-19 Remuneration policies -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-20 Process to determine remuneration -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-21 Annual total compensation ratio -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 04-06 -- -- GRI 2-23 Policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-24 Embedding policy commitments -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 22-24 -- -- GRI 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 22-24 -- -- GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 22-24 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index103 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION GRI Standard Page index Further information UNGC GRI 2-28 Membership associations -- CAAM (China Association of Automobile Manufacturers) CAEFI (China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) IAC (The Investment Association of China) LNAEFI (Liaoning Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) SYAEFI (Shenyang Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) BAEFI (Beijing Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment) ABNEA (Association of Beijing New Energy Automotive) AHK (German Chamber of Commerce in China) EFQM (European Foundation for Quality Management) Road Vehicle Committee of China Intelligent Transportation Systems Association (ITS China) CBCSD (China Business Council for Sustainable Development) Global Compact Network China-- GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 17-19 -- -- GRI 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 77-80 100 of local employees are members of the BMW Brilliance Trade Union, and all Union members are covered by the Collective Contract on Labour Remuneration. This excludes expatriates, who are not eligible for the Trade Union. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index104 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES FOR MATERIAL TOPICS We report all relevant information on our material topics in accordance with our management approaches. For reasons of confidentiality, we do not disclose on the personnel and financial resources that are used for the management of these topics. Sustainable Product Portfolio GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 12, 49-50 -- -- Product Quality and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- GRI 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 28-30 -- -- GRI 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services-- BMW Group China did not have significant non-compliance with laws regulations in 2022 that resulted in a financially material impact.--GRI Standard Page index Further Information GRI 3-1 Process to determine material topics 18 -- GRI 3-2 List of material topics 18 -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index105 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Decarbonisation across the Value Chain GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation 97 -- -- GRI 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation -- This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 302-3 Energy intensity 97 -- -- GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 12, 49-50 -- -- GRI 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 20, 48-51 -- -- Circular Economy GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 35 -- -- GRI 301-2 Recycled input materials used 35 -- -- GRI 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 35 -- -- Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 97 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index106 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Air Pollution GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 97 -- -- GRI 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 97 -- -- GRI 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 97 -- -- GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 12, 49-50 -- -- Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 7, 8, 9 GRI 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 47, 51-54 -- -- GRI 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 47, 51-54 -- -- GRI 306-3 Waste generated 98 -- -- GRI 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 13 This information is not reported because it is not applicable. GRI 303-4 Water discharge 51-54 -- -- GRI 303-5 Water consumption 51-54, 97 -- --(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index107 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Environment, Ecology, and Resource Management GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity 52 -- -- GRI 304-3 Habitats protected or restored 90 -- -- Responsible Sourcing GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 1-10 GRI 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 66-69 -- -- GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria -- Due to the complexity and in some cases the lack of transparency across entire supply chains, it is not possible to give a percentage of the new suppliers screened.-- GRI 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken 66-69 -- -- GRI 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 98 -- -- Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 4, 5, 6 GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 77-80 -- --(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index108 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Occupational Health and Safety GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19, 82 -- -- GRI 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 82 -- -- GRI 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 81-82 -- -- GRI 403-3 Occupational health services 83-84 -- -- GRI 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 85 -- -- GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 82-84 -- -- GRI 403-6 Promotion of worker health 82-84 -- -- GRI 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships82-84 -- -- GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 82-84 -- -- GRI 403-9 Work-related injuries 81-82 -- -- GRI 403-10 Work-related ill health -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. GRI 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken -- This information is subject to internal confidentiality regulations and is not reported. CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index109 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Employee Development and Talent Retention GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- GRI 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 73-76 -- -- GRI 404-2 Programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes 73-76 -- -- GRI 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews -- Some of BMW Group China s entity carries out a company-wide portfolio process on an annual basis to assess associates performance and career development. The percentage information is not currently available due to the complexity of the portfolio process and variations among different job functions.-- Attractive Workplace GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- GRI 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 84 -- -- Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10 BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index110 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Compliance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 22-24 We define governance bodies as those committees which receive active regular reports by the compliance function. All committee members are informed about each entities anti-corruption policies and procedures. All committee members who are BMW Group China employees have also received training on anti-corruption. Committee members representing our shareholders are covered by the compliance programmes of BMW Group respectively. Our compliance training includes mandatory online training for all non-production employees, additional classroom training for new employees and managers, and special workshops and training for specific target groups (e. g. Sales, Purchasing, and Finance). Information unavailable The number of business partners that policies and procedures have been communicated to is not reported.-- GRI 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices 22-24 In 2023, there were no legal actions regarding anti-competitive behaviour or violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation.-- Information Security and Privacy Protection GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- GRI 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data-- BMW Group China did not encounter substantiated complaints in 2023 concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.--(CONT D) BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index111 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Sustainable Governance GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- Public Policy Participation GRI Standard Page index Further Information UNGC GRI 3-3 Management of material topics 18-19 -- -- BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 GRI Content Index112 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Limited Assurance Report113 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Limited Assurance Report114 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION BASIS OF REPORTING Authorised dealership outlets and agents nationwide (number)Number of authorised dealership outlets and agents in operation in Chinese mainland at year-end, including BMW brand and Rolls-Royce brand dealership outlets, and MINI brand agents. The figure does not include BMW Motorrad dealerships. Vehicles produced (in unit) BMW vehicles produced by BMW Brilliance of the year. The calculation is based on the GB 27999-2019 Fuel Consumption Evaluation Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People s Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 of the MIIT of the People s Republic of China on April 1st, 2024. The calculation is based on the GB 27999-2019 Fuel Consumption Evaluation Methods and Targets for Passenger Cars of the People s Republic of China. The data is publicised on the Notice on Passenger Car Corporate Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits in 2023 of the MIIT of the People s Republic of China on April 1st, 2024. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). The emissions of company vehicles refers to the direct CO2 emissions generated from company vehicles that are controlled by BMW Group China, and the emissions are calculated based on kilometres driven and the corresponding emission factors. The coefficients used for calculation are from Emission Factors for Electricity, District Heating and Fuels issued by Application of German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA). Emissions of the vehicle-related purchased goods and services and disposal are calculated based on life cycle assessment as per ISO 14040 44 of representative vehicles from the product lines using the LCA for Experts tool provided by Sphera. Transport logistics emissions are based on the mode of transport, weight transported and the distance travelled in kilometres. Emissions factors are derived from contemporary standards such as the GLEC Framework V3. 0 and DIN EN 16258 ISO 14083. Emissions from the utilisation phase are calculated based on the average fleet CO emissions of automobiles produced and imported by BMW Group China and an assumed average mileage of 200, 000 km (as per VDA 900-100). Employee commuting emissions include trips by shuttle bus between Shenyang downtown and BMW Brilliance plants. Business trips emissions include employees air travel of BMW Group China entities for business purposes. Total energy consumption (in MWh) Total energy consumption generated by vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and by other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings) of the year, including electricity, purchased heating, and natural gas. Share of renewable electricity (in ) The ratio of renewable electricity consumed to the total electricity consumption of vehicle production (BMW Brilliance plants) and of other BMW Group China locations not directly related to production (non-manufacturing sites, e. g. Research and Development Centres, Training Centres, Office Buildings). Renewable electricity includes the generation of solar power electricity, Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), and the International Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs). VOCs solvent emissions are mainly generated during the painting process. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. Recycling includes both recycling and thermal recovery. The figure does not include interns, while it includes dispatched employees. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Local employees in management positions (in )The ratio of local employees in management positions at year-end to total employees in management positions at year-end. Local refers to managers with local contracts. People deployed to work at the location who do not have a local employment contract are not included. Management positions refer to employees with function levels from I to V. Total local new employee hires (in ) The ratio of newly hired local employees of the year to the total workforce at year-end. The figure does not include expatriate associates and employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities. Local attrition rate (in ) Departures of local employees divided by the number of monthly average local employees of the year. Employees transferring within the BMW Group China entities and employees leaving due to retirement or death are not included. The data also include e-learning courses. Average days of further training per employee (in day person)Average training days for employees participating in the training organised the Academy of Human Resources Department. The data also include e-learning courses. The data include offline training only. Accident frequency rate (per one million hours worked)The scope only covers directly contracted employees in BMW Brilliance plants. Beneficiaries of BMW CSR activities (number)Number of times people benefited from CSR activities organised by the BMW CSR team, BMW Brilliance Trade Union in Chinese mainland and BMW Brilliance Shenyang Associate Social Responsibility Programme. Beneficiaries of online video and live stream activities is counted by visiting times. Total participants of CSR activities (number)Total number of times volunteers attended voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association, BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Total hours of volunteer service (in hour)Total hours that volunteers spend on voluntary activities held by BMW Corporate Volunteer Association, BMW Brilliance Trade Union Shenyang and BMW China Trade Union in Chinese mainland, including direct service hours and indirect service hours. Volunteers include employees, their children, and other public. Direct service hours refer to activity hours, and indirect service hours refer to the hours that volunteers spend on transportation, on-site preparation, and lunch hours during the activities. BMW GROUP CHINA SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023 Basis of Reporting116 OTHER INFORMATIONEMPLOYEE AND SOCIETY PRODUCTS AND SERVICESPRODUCTION AND OPERATIONDEALER AND SUPPL Y CHAIN FUNDAMENTAL VISIONARY DIRECTION Contact for questions regarding this report BMW Group China Corporate Sustainability 28th Floor, Tower B, Gateway Plaza, 18 Xiaguangli, North Road East Third Ring, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100027, P. R. China Tel 86(0)10 8455 7000 Further information and publications are available at http www. Together with 20, 000 individuals, we are dedicated to safeguarding the Chinese Water Tower and contributing to the creation of a magnificent panorama where mountains are pristine, waters are abundant, and all things flourish. Bank of China Limited Message from the Chairman 02 Message from the President 04 About BOC 06 10 42 96 ESG Key Performance Responsibility Management Commitment and Progress Outlook About the Report Assurance Statement Indexes122 136 138 140 141 142 147Governance 12 Strategies and Policies 14 Managing ESG Risks Associated with Customers 20 Indicators and Targets 31 Green Finance Capacity Building 40 44 67 74 83 Party Building as A Guiding Beacon 98 Enhancing Corporate Governance Efficiency 100 Upholding Talent-Driven Development 106 Enhancing the Quality and Effectiveness of Digital Financial Services112 Deepening Comprehensive Risk Management 116 Strict Adherence to Bottom Line of Internal Control and Compliance119ContentsEnvironmental ChapterGovernance ChapterSocial Chapter Promoting Harmonious Co-existence between Humanity and NatureOpening a New Chapter of Serving the Nation and the PeopleManagement Measures Highlighted Cases Highlighted Data Embarking on a Path of Green DevelopmentEmbarking on a Path of Green Development Laying the Groundwork for Exceptional GrowthUpholding Integrity and Fostering InnovationStaying True to Original Aspirations Serving Higher-quality Development of the Chinese Economy and Society Fulfilling People's Aspiration for a Better Life through Financial Services Providing High-quality Customer Services Creating and Sharing the Diverse Value of Charity 03 02Message from the Chairman The year 2023 that has just passed was the first year for fully implementing the guiding principles from the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. We adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, highlighted the political significance and people-oriented nature of financial work, earnestly fulfilled our economic and social responsibilities as a major bank, built a diversified and professional system of financial products and services and went all out to support high-quality economic and social development. Our RMB loans increased by about RMB2. 4 trillion, strongly supporting the recovery of the real economy. In a bid to boost the development of new quality productive forces, the balance of loans in strategic emerging industries, manufacturing industry, and technology finance increased by 74. 35, 28. 05, and 30. 94, respectively. Focusing on the comprehensive financial needs of micro and small enterprises (MSEs), we expanded the coverage of more convenient financial services. The number of MSE customers and the balance of inclusive loans to them both grew by 43, and continued to reduce fees and provide benefits to the inclusive customer groups. We supported the formation of a new model of real estate development, with rental housing loans up by 97. 48, and the interest rate lowered for stock personal housing loans totalling about RMB2. 5 trillion, promoting the steady and healthy development of the real estate market. Our silver service scene served 9. 26 million people, a year-on-year increase of 40. 94. In 2023, we implemented 101 assistance projects and spent non-reimbursable funds of RMB 80, 570 thousand on them, continually enhancing the public's sense of gain and happiness. Actively responding to climate change, we continued to internalize the green and low- carbon development philosophy in all processes and aspects of business development, and worked with all sectors of society to create a high-quality ecological environment. We reviewed the Group's green finance indicator system for the 14th Five-Year Plan period, revised the green finance work plan, and clarified our development goals and work measures. In 2023, the actual new green loan amounted to RMB1. 1195 billion, an increase of 56. 34 from the beginning of the year. Aimed at the goal of becoming the preferred bank for green financial services, we upgraded and improved the BOC Green product and service portfolio and enhanced the ESG risk management level of customers. We actively performed our duties in over 10 domestic and foreign green mechanisms, including the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) and Green Investment Principles for the Belt and Road Initiative (GIP), and promoted international cooperation for green development. We leveraged our global advantages to serve high-level opening up and support the formation of a new development pattern that would feature positive interplay between domestic and international economic circulations. We delivered more convenient cross-border RMB use, and saw the volume of cross-border RMB settlement business rise by more than 80 year-on-year and the number of Cross-boundary Wealth Management clients increasing by 62. 71, better meeting the financial service needs of cross-border trade and investment. We strengthened our bottom-line thinking, solidified our risk defences, and continuously improved our robust operational capabilities. We promoted the alignment of risk management with market conditions and business strategies, facilitating a dynamic balance and mutual reinforcement between development and security. We strengthened risk management and control in key areas such as real estate, local government debt, and small and medium-sized financial institutions, and stepped up efforts in collection and risk mitigation. We reinforced overseas risk management and control, effectively responding to fluctuations in the international financial market, and ensuring the safety of our overseas assets. We continuously improved the Group's work safety system, conducted hidden danger investigations, and strived to ensure complete safety. The ESG philosophy is deeply embedded into our corporate governance. The Board of Directors regularly reviewed issues concerning consumer rights protection and green finance. We improved the effectiveness of corporate governance and stepped up in the daily communication of the Shareholders' General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the management. This year marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and a crucial moment for achieving the goals and tasks outlined in the 14th Five-Year Plan. Chairman 05 04Message from the President In 2023, Bank of China fully and faithfully applied the new development philosophy on all fronts, adhered to a people-centred value orientation, carried on our century-old fine tradition, took the initiative to seize market opportunities, actively responded to various challenges, and continuously enhanced the adaptability, competitiveness, and inclusiveness of its financial services, so as to continuously improve the quality of its development in the course of fully serving the sustainable development of the economy, environment and society. We fulfilled our responsibility as a major bank and helped drive economic recovery and improvement. We continuously optimized financial supply, channeling more resources into major strategies, key areas, and weak links. Lending growth in the private and small and micro sectors exceeded the Bank's overall average, and corporate integrated financing costs declined. With the goal of high standards, sustainability, and benefiting livelihoods, we cumulatively followed up on over 1, 000 credit projects in countries jointly building the Belt and Road Initiative, cumulatively providing over USD 316 billion in credit support. It served investment promotion and exhibition activities at national-level events such as the China International Import Expo and China International Consumer Products Expo, interfacing and serving over 100 local overseas investment promotion delegations. Throughout the year, we held 19 cross- border business matchmaking activities, in which nearly 3, 000 domestic and foreign enterprises reached the intent of cooperation, involving more than USD20 billion. We optimised the service plan for protecting micro, small and medium-sized enterprises from exchange rate risks, and helping them better cope with market risks. The Group's green financial service system was perfected, and has fully covered such areas as loans, deposits, investment, debt, stocks, leasing, insurance, and carbon markets. The incentive and restraint mechanisms were improved, too. We enriched the scenario-based financial service system, upgraded and iterated online products, and vigorously supported green and low-carbon consumption. Green operations were advancing solidly. more outlets were designated on a cumulative basis as specialty outlets in green finance. Focusing on education, healthcare, employment, childcare, elderly care, housing, urban renewal and other fields, we coordinated efforts in product innovation, process optimisation and scenario integration. We continuously enriched mobile banking functions and optimized services in clothing, food, housing, transportation, medical, education, and entertainment scenarios, continuously enhancing the diversity and convenience of its services. For 24 consecutive years, we have conducted the national student loan business, supporting over 1. 9 million students to complete their studies. We launched a campaign to crack down on account frauds, and put into use the monitoring model and control tools before, during, and after the event, to effectively protect the money bag of customers. We fulfilled our social responsibilities and actively participated in charitable activities. We offered 32 thousand training opportunities to primary-level government officials, role models in rural revitalization, and technical personnel. We co-launched the BOC Private Enjoyment Love Spring Bud project with the China Children and Teenagers' Fund for 10 consecutive years and immediately raised funds and materials for disaster-stricken areas such as Gansu and Hebei. We assisted clients in setting up over 50 charitable trusts in the fields of rural revitalization, education, medical care, and art. Restructured into a wholly state-owned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy to be designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 13 consecutive years. At present, following the guiding principles of the 20th National Congress of the CPC and the Central Financial Work Conference, the Bank takes serving the real economy as its mission, risk prevention and control as its eternal theme, consolidating and expanding globalised advantages and improving global layout ability as its primary task, and improving market competitiveness and serving national strategies as the core key. As China's most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 64 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local note-issuing banks in their respective markets. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of commitment and responsibility. Since its establishment 112 years ago, the Bank has steadfastly upheld its historic mission of promoting social welfare and contributing to a prosperous nation. This mission has formed a valuable spiritual legacy that aligns with the financial culture with Chinese characteristics to remain committed to honesty and trustworthiness, to seek interest without compromising moral principles, to be prudent and cautious in work, to uphold fundamental principles and break new ground, and to be compliant with law and regulations. On the new journey towards building a modern socialist country in all respects, Bank of China will adhere to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and faithfully implement the new development philosophy. Awards and Honors Category Awards Awarding institution General category4th in the Global Top 1, 000 Banks 2023 The Banker 4th in the Global Bank Brands Value 500 2023 The Banker, Brand Finance 49th in the Fortune Global 500 2023 Fortune Fortune Best ESG Bank in China 2023 Asiamoney Forbes China ESG Innovation Enterprise 2023 Forbes China New China Net ESG Excellent Case 2023 Xinhua Net ESG Enterprise of the Year Titanium Award 2023 The Asset Environmental categoryChina's Best Sustainable Finance Bank Award Outstanding Leader in Sustainable Finance in the Asia Pacific, Outstanding Leader in Sustainable BondsGlobal Finance Product Innovation AwardGreen Investment Principles for the Belt and Road Initiative (GIP) Carbon Neutral Benchmark Enterprise of the Year 2023Caijing 18th People's Enterprise Social Responsibility Award - Green Development AwardPeople's Daily Best Environmental Responsibility Award, Annual Sustainable Development Award, Best Bank for Responsible InvestmentSina FinanceCategory Awards Awarding institution Social categoryChina's Typical Case of Inclusive Finance (2023) China Banking Association Outstanding Case of Inclusive Finance 2023 People's Daily ESG Pioneer Annual Responsible Pioneer Bloomberg Green Outstanding Contribution Bank for Rural Revitalization (BOC Fullerton) Economic Observer 20th People's Craftsmanship Service Award (BOCG Insurance)People's Daily Governance category9 Party Branches Named as the Top Four Party Branches Central and State Organs Central and State Organs Working Committee China Listed Companies Investor Relations Pegasus Award Best Investor Relations Case AwardSecurities Times Best IR Hong Kong Listed Company (A H Shares) New Fortune Best Practice Award for 2022 Annual Report Performance Presentation of Chinese Listed CompaniesChina Listed Companies Association Highest Rating A for Annual Information Disclosure EvaluationShanghai Stock Exchange Embarking on a Path of Green Development Promoting Harmonious Co-existence between Humanity and Nature Green is the base colour of high-quality development. BOC firmly establishes the concept that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, endeavours to build the preferred bank for green financial services, continuously optimises the green top-level design, strengthens the management of environmental (climate), social, and governance risks (hereinafter referred to as Customer ESG risks ) associated with customers, and enhances the capacity for managing climate-related risks. The Bank diversifies the mix of green finance products and services to provide green and sustainable momentum for high-quality economic and social development. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Environmental Chapter 11 10 13 12 Governance While implementing the philosophy of green development on all fronts and optimising the top-level design related to financial support for green, low-carbon development constantly, the Bank has put in place a three-tier governance architecture in which the Board of Directors, the Senior Management, and professional teams work together to improve environmental (climate-related) governance and greatly underpin the sound development of green finance. Governance frameworkDuties assumed Progress made in 2023 Board of Directors and its special committeesThey are responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan as well as the green finance targets and the green finance reports. At the same time, they also supervise and evaluate the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. Directors of the Bank have rich experience in the field of environmental (climate) risk management. For instance, Mr. Huang Binghua, Non-executive Director of the Bank, used to work at the Ministry of Finance of China (MOF) for a long period of time, where he was dedicated to enhancing state-owned enterprise (SOE) environment and social corporate responsibilities (CSRs). The Risk Policy Committee of Board of Directors deliberated the Group's risk appetite statement and comprehensive risk management policy and reviewed heard the Group's quarterly risk reports in written form, which all covered the content related to ESG risk management. Chairman of the Board of Directors convened the ESG and green finance meetings to make arrangements for such aspects of work as top-level design related to ESG and green finance, business development, and data governance. The Senior Training Course on Green Finance was held, with course materials sent to all directors for reference. A full-time member of the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) was invited to have discussions around the topic of environmental information disclosure. Its main functions include implementing the resolutions and decisions of the Board of Directors (or its special committees) related to green finance, forwarding and acting on important national and regulatory policies, reviewing important policies and systems for the management of green finance and Customer ESG risks, organising or conducting self-evaluations of green finance, and hearing reports on green finance development. Professional teamsThe Credit Management Department of the Head Office sets up a green finance team to promote the specific work of green finance across the Group. Each department sets up full-time and part-time positions to carry out work related to green credit, green bonds, management of ESG risks associated with customers, carbon market services, data system development, and carbon neutral operation, among other aspects. Professional teams developed green finance across the Group with concrete efforts and put it in place properly. Board of Directors Senior Management (Executive Committee) Green Finance CommitteePersonnel and Remuneration CommitteeStrategic Development CommitteeRisk Policy CommitteeCorporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Incorporate dual carbon and other indicators into the performance assessment of its senior management members, linking the results to their remunerationRegularly review the green finance strategy and its implementationRegularly review issues such as the Bank's green finance and customers' ESG risk management, with a bank leader serving as the chairRegularly review the Bank's environmental and social risk management related topicsRegularly review the Bank's ESG-related development plans, policies and reports Note Details of the environmental (climate) governance structure and responsibilities are provided on the next page. Strategic goals BOC has set out the basic principles, strategic goals, and incentives for the development of green finance in the 14th Five-Year Plan for Green Finance of Bank of China Limited. In 2023, the Bank actively implemented the core requirements put forth at the Central Financial Work Conference and, re-examined the Group's 14th Five-Year Plan and the Action Plan for Green Finance, and formulated more aggressive green finance targets in light of market conditions and business developments, including implementing the green and low-carbon concept to become the preferred bank for green financial services, achieving leapfrog development of green finance business, managing environmental and social risks properly, exploring and progressively reducing carbon footprints of group operations and asset portfolios. Strategies and Policies The Bank has fully integrated the concept of sustainable development into its own development strategies, and contributed positively to the achievement of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. The Bank's green finance has developed rapidly and gained market recognition. Green credit The target of new credit support for green industries during the 14th Five-Year Plan period was raised from at least RMB1 trillion to at least RMB3 trillion. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically amounted to RMB3, 106. 7 billion, an increase of 56. 34 from the end of the previous year. Green bonds The target of scaling up investment in green bonds year by year and leading the market in the underwriting of green bonds was proposed. Investment of BOC in green bonds exceeded RMB100 billion as at the end of 2023. Therefore, it became the most active Chinese sustainability bond issuer. Customer ESG risks The current management policy on ESG risks associated with customers of the Bank is applicable to corporate banking (including corporate working capital loans and project financing), and runs through the business processes such as risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund appropriation, post-lending management, and post-investment management. Green operations Based on local policy requirements and actual condition, the Bank continuously improved and refined its energy and resource management system, vigorously promoted green and low-carbon production and lifestyle, actively applied energy- saving technologies and utilized green power, and persistently controlled and reduced the total consumption and intensity of various energy resources, taking practical actions to support the implementation of the dual carbon goal. Asset portfolios The Bank explored and researched a methodological system suitable for the carbon accounting of its asset portfolios and finished a trial calculation of carbon footprints for asset portfolios in carbon-intensive industries. On the premise of ensuring energy security and industrial chain supply chain stability, it kept reducing the carbon intensity of asset portfolios in a progressive way until they finally became carbon neutral, as a response to the dual carbon goal of the state. Practice by BOC Environmental (climate-related) policies An overall set of policies With the aim to achieve the dual carbon goal of the state, BOC took the 14th Five-Year Plan for Green Finance as the strategic guide to continuously improve the 1 1 N green finance policy system. th Five-Year Plan for Green FinancePolicy System 1 1 N Action Plan for Green Finance Introduction of policies related to green finance by domestic branches, major overseas institutions and comprehensive operation companiesBusiness Development Industry Policies Guidelines on Industrial Credit OrientationAsset Portfolio Management Plan for IndustriesCustomer ESG Risks ManagementSelf-PerformanceAdd green procurement Label in group procurement projects Credit Policy for the Lithium-ion Power Battery Industry Credit Policy for Water and Water Environment Treatment IndustryMore than 90 industrial policies Credit Policy for Hydropower Industry Credit Policy for Hydropower Industry Credit Policy for Wind Power Equipment Manufacturing Industry Credit Policy for Photovoltaic Power Generation Industry Marketing guidelines for photovoltaic, lithium battery and other industries Development plan for outlets featured with green finance Evaluation methods for green finance demonstration institutions Activity for securing a leading green finance position in industry rankings Set up staff expenses and honourary awards for green finance Inclusive Loan Carbon Loan Service Programme Working Guidance for Green Finance of Overseas Institutions Strengthening the management of green finance in comprehensive operation companies Guiding Opinions on Further Promoting the Development of Institutions in the Green Financial Reform and Innovation Pilot Zone Strategic Evaluation Plan for Serving Ecological ProgressGreen Finance Talent Engineering Programme Strengthen the management of green credit contracts Adjustment of credit approval authority for some industries related to green finance Two-list management requirements for environmental and social risks Management Plan for Credits Granted to Industries with High Energy Consumption and High Pollution Risk weight policies for green finance and other businesses Guidelines on the Collateral Management of Pollution Discharge, Energy Use and Water Use Administrative Measures for Mortgage and Pledge of Carbon Emission Permit Customers' environmental (climate), social and governance risk management policies Green operationGreen procurement Talent trainingSpecifications for Green Outlet Development Green Action Initiative and Green Action Guidelines System building Operation Procedures for Green Credit Statistics Table Guidelines for Green Industry Classification Labeling requirements for environmental and social risk classification system By far, the Bank has developed a policy support package covering 13 areas such as performance assessment and incentive reinforcement, economic capital optimisation, differentiation of related authorities, and staff cost allocation, establishing four beams and eight columns for its green finance policy system. The Bank formulated a green finance work plan, outlining a comprehensive roadmap covering 15 aspects, including reinforcing top-level design, optimizing process management, supporting green industries, facilitating the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries, enhancing intelligent management of green finance, serving the construction of the carbon market, promoting green and low-carbon operations within the Bank, strengthening external exchanges and cooperation, and bolstering capacity building. Such indicators had a combined weight of more than 20, and the appraisal results were linked to the distribution of remuneration. Industry-specific credit policies Master credit policy of BOC for green financeThe Bank formulated the Industry-specific Credit Investment Guidelines of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) and the Industry-specific Asset Portfolio Management Program for Bank of China Limited (Version 2023), in which green and low-carbon industries such as new energy vehicles, wind power, new-type energy storage, ecological conservation, and environmental governance were put under the active growth category and supporting measures were improved to direct the supply of credit to related industries. In addition, the Bank newly formulated or revised credit policies for related green industries such as environmental governance, wind power equipment, and solar photovoltaic (PV) manufacturing, providing detailed guidance in terms of customer and project access standards, identification and prevention of related risks, credit management strategies, etc. On the premise of effective risk prevention, the Bank shall channel resources to the green industries in the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries, a document of the competent authority in China. At the same time, the Bank shall optimise the structure of assets allocated to brown industries, promote production capacity replacement, green transition, and technology upgrading, and get resources concentrated in key areas of advanced capacity, low power consumption of output per unit, technology upgrading and transformation, safe, green, intelligent and efficient operation, etc. Key industry or field Credit policy Crop seed industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Crop Seed Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Opinions of the State Council on Accelerating the Development of Modern Crop Seed Industry, the Modern Seed Industry Enhancement Program for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of China (MARA), and other policy documents. Customers that trigger severe environmental accidents, face significant environmental and social risks, and fail to comply with quality control, environmental protection, and other policies provisions of the international crop seed industry shall be included in the category of exit. Slaughtering and meat processing industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Slaughtering and Meat Processing Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. With respect to environmental risks, special attention shall be paid to the annual environmental ratings of enterprises as well as records of previous environmental penalties and rectification measures. In terms of social risks, focus shall be put on checking whether the slaughtering process complies with norms for humane slaughters and respects religious and folk customs. It was formulated in accordance with the Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of Non-water Renewable Power Generation of the Ministry of Finance, the NDRC, the National Energy Administration (NEA), and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. BOC shall meet the demand of thermal power generation, biomass power generation, and other sub-sectors for energy conservation and emission reduction technological renovation. For the nuclear power, waste power generation, and other projects that require operational expertise, it is important to focus on the operational capability and experience of project owners. BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry & fishery Electricity industry 19 18 The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Coal Industry (Version 2022) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (Version 2019) of the NDRC, the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries (Version 2019), the Opinions on Playing the Role of Advanced Capaci ty in the Process of Eliminating Overcapacity to Transform and Upgrade the Coal Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. BOC shall provide key support to large advanced and efficient coal mines with good product quality, cutting-edge production technology, good safety conditions, and qualified energy conservation and emission reduction. The Bank shall, together with financial institutions, release the Initiative for Supporting BRI Energy Transition with Green Finance, and continue to strengthen support for green and low- carbon energy transition in the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) participating countries. Petroleum refining industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Petroleum Refining Industry (Version 2021) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Guiding Opinions of the State Council General Office on Structural Adjustment, Transformation Promotion, and Efficiency Enhancement in Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue for the Guidance of Industrial Structure Adjustment (Version 2019), the Planning and Deployment Program for the Petrochemical Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. Natural gas industry The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Natural Gas Industry (Version 2022) is currently adopted at the Bank. It was formulated as per the Opinions on Accelerating the Utilisation of Natural Gas of the NDRC and other 12 departments, the Opinions on Accelerating the Construction of Gas Storage Facilities and Improving the Market-based Auxiliary Service Mechanism for Gas Storage and Peak Regulation of the NDRC and the NEA, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. Energy and coal Oil and natural gas Steel and copper industries The Credit Policy of Bank of China Limited for Iron and Steel Industry (Version 2022) and Credit Policy of Bank of China for Copper Industry (Version 2022) are currently adopted at the Bank. They were formulated as per the Guiding Opinions of the State Council on Addressing the Problem of Severe Overcapacity, the Specifications for Iron and Steel Industry (Revision in 2015) of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), the Implementation Measures for Capacity Replacement in the Iron and Steel Industry, and other policy documents of national ministries and commissions. Support shall be focused on projects in line with capacity replacement, energy consumption reduction, process optimisation, intelligent transformation, green transformation, and ultra- low emissions. BOC pays close attention to the impact that its customers cause on the ecosystem in their business activities, strictly complies with the laws, regulations, and rules on the protection of biodiversity, and prohibits the provision of credit support for acts that seriously damage biodiversity. For controversial projects, after making sure their compliance with the laws and regulations in the countries regions where they are located, the Bank will extensively solicit the suggestions of professional assessment agencies, residents, media, and non-profit environmental protection organisations, among other stakeholders, prudently assess the environmental and social risks and nail down credit strategies, and urge related enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake ecological protection and restoration obligations. BOC incorporates clear biodiversity protection requirements into the credit policies of key industries such as wind power generation, pumped storage, and coal, as part of its efforts to safeguard the boundary of natural ecological protection as well as the national ecological safety. For the enterprises (projects) that are found to go against national policies and regulatory requirements, fail to meet environmental protection standards, and have significant environmental and climate risks; destroy critical habitats, important biodiversity areas and national nature reserves; illegally log, fish, and poach wildlife; blindly expand oil palm plantations leading to deforestation; and illegally occupy and destroy forest lands, the Bank requires not providing credit or investment support for these corporate customers; as to the existing business relations, it shall urge related customers to make rectifications and take effective measures to mitigate risks; and if rectifications are impossible, it shall exit from the projects with such customers as soon as possible. As a co-publisher of the Common Action Plan for Banking Sector to Support Biodiversity Conservation, the Bank shall continuously step up the financial support for biodiversity undertakings. BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields BOC credit policies for some key industries or fields To ensure the binding nature of the credit policies for key industries or fields, the Bank shall specify customers' ESG risk management requirements in related contracts, set rigid limits for the industries with overcapacity such as iron and steel and cement, carry out list-based management, and strengthen authorisation management. BiodiversityMining and metallurgyKey industry or field Key industry or field Credit policy Credit policy 21 20Managing ESG Risks Associated with Customers As global climate change intensifies, the prevention of non-traditional financial risks, such as ESG risks, has become a key issue of concern for banking financial institutions. BOC proactively identifies climate-related risks and opportunities, and made every effort to build a new system of green finance and makes the management of ESG risks associated with customers a key task in serving the dual carbon goal and implementing and developing green finance, so as to better manage such risks. Risk TypeRisk Type Impact TimeframeImpact Timeframe Examples of environmental (climate) risksExamples of environmental (climate) risks Credit risk Market riskMedium to long-term Short-term and medium to long-termPhysical risks Extreme weather events damaging assets held by the Bank's clients, leading to the destruction or devaluation of collateral, or affecting supply chains, thereby impacting clients' operations, profitability, and survival, resulting in increased default rates. Transition risks Carbon reduction policies affecting the profitability of carbon-intensive corporate clients, with related assets potentially becoming stranded. Liquidity risk Medium to long-termPhysical risks Extreme weather events may cause extensive damage to physical properties, resulting in substantial construction and repair costs, leading to a surge in customer fund withdrawals and demand for emergency loans, exacerbating the Bank's liquidity pressures. Transition risks With increasing environmental awareness, depositors and investors will strengthen their support for green finance businesses, affecting the funding sources of other financial businesses. Transition risks Inadequate internal procedures and systems to address climate change can lead to losses. Reputation riskShort-term to medium to long-termPhysical risks Providing financial support to clients and projects that harm habitats and biodiversity may expose the Bank to reputation risks. Transition risks Continuously financing high-pollution, high-energy consumption, high-emission enterprises or significantly increasing holdings of carbon-intensive assets may result in reputation risks for the Bank. Transition risks Countries relying on traditional high-carbon development models will face impacts and challenges in transitioning to green and low-carbon development models. Information Technology RiskShort-term to medium to long-termPhysical risks Extreme weather events negatively affecting the Bank's equipment and systems, potentially causing system failures, data loss, or damage, resulting in financial or reputational losses. Transition risks Significant changes in customer business operations due to the low- carbon transition may render the Bank's existing information technology inadequate to meet new demands, resulting in financial losses. Physical risks Extreme weather events may damage national infrastructure, weaken economic growth and employment, lead to credit rating downgrades, thereby impacting the value of assets held on the Bank's balance sheet. Transition risks Carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goal will trigger a shift in investor preferences, reducing expected returns of carbon-intensive assets, posing risks of valuation decline and increased investor volatility for the Bank. Short-term to medium to long-term. The regime of managing ESG risks associated with customers The Bank has established a customer ESG risk governance architecture that is appropriate to its business scale and attributes, and defined ESG risk management responsibilities within the architecture. The Chief Risk Officer acts as the Chair of the Green Finance Committee, and is responsible for managing ESG risks associated with customers. Independent from operation and business lines, the Chief Risk Officer can directly report to the Board of Directors updates about comprehensive risk management. Board of Directors Senior Management Professional teams Business departments (the first line of defence) They are responsible for implementing the policies and processes related to the management of ESG risks associated with customers. They are responsible for developing ESG risk management policies and processes. They are responsible for organising and conducting internal audits of green finance on a regular basis. Risk management departments (the second line of defence)Audit departments (the third line of defence) At this stage, banking financial institutions face significant transition risk. While the Chinese economy and society go green, related enterprises in traditional industries will see their financial position change to different degrees. In the process, their solvency will be impacted. There may be a rise in the default rate, which will in turn impact the asset quality of banks. At a time when the world is active in addressing climate change and China has announced the dual carbon goal, the ongoing industrial restructuring and upgrading drive has presented both challenges and opportunities for the banking industry. Climate-related opportunities A growing climate conducive to green finance worldwideGreen finance has become a common discourse worldwide. The exchange and cooperation in green finance have become key drivers for the global development of the Group. Considerable policy dividends for green finance in ChinaFrom the central to local governments, multi-level and diversified green finance policy systems promote the vigorous development of green finance business in commercial banks. Huge development potential in green industriesThe green industries are presented with new opportunities, triggering a wave of green upgrades in traditional industries. Abundant opportunities in the field of carbon financeChina's carbon emission trading market is poised to expand under the zero-carbon vision. Deep involvement of banks in the carbon finance field can effectively promote revenue growth. In 2023, the Bank revised the Comprehensive Risk Management Policy of the Bank of China Limited, updating environmental and social risks as environmental (climate), social, and governance risks, and including Customer ESG risks in its comprehensive risk management regime. The qualitative statement about ESG risk appetite was also updated in the risk appetite statement Customer ESG risks. Approved by the Green Finance Committee, the policy is applicable to corporate banking (including corporate working capital loans and project financing) and investment, and runs through the business processes such as risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund appropriation, post-lending management, and post-investment management. It has also specified requirements for biodiversity conservation in credit policies for key industries like wind power generation, pumped-storage hydropower, and coal. The whole-process management of ESG risks associated with customers The Bank has established a whole-process management approach that could cover risk identification, measurement, assessment, monitoring and reporting, and control and mitigation to control and reduce ESG risks associated with customers. BOC categorises customers into three categories, that is, A, B and C, given many factors such as their potential environmental (climate) and social risks, industries to which they belong, and their stage of development, labels them in related business management systems, and takes more stringent assessment and review measures for high-risk customers. The categorisation results are re-examined periodically. In case of unexpected events that cause changes to the categorisation results, updates are made to the relevant systems in a timely manner. Risk identification The Bank conducted bank-wise stress testing under the macro scenarios of climate risk. The stress tests were designed to examine the impact of various factors including temperature rise and carbon emission prices, on the change in credit risk associated with corporate loans across the Bank. Risk measurement In 2023, overseas branches institutions of the Bank did work related to climate risk stress testing. They analysed the impact of physical risk caused by extreme climate conditions such as floods, typhoons, and sea level rise on key industries, with testing results indicating that relevant risks were manageable overall. BOCHK In accordance with the latest requirements of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority in the Guidelines for Banking Sector Climate Risk Stress Test in 2023, it optimized the climate risk stress testing method and finished the short-term scenario climate risk stress testing as per regulatory requirements to assess financial impact of transition risk and physical risk on the banks.. BOC (UK) It actively advanced work related to climate risk stress testing to assess potential financial impacts of transition risk and physical risk under stress scenarios. Singapore Branch and Paris Branch They completed the climate risk stress test for the electricity industry. Conducting climate risk stress tests to analyse and manage climate risk in a science-based manner The Bank explored and researched the methodological system suitable for the carbon accounting of its asset portfolios, and finished the pilot calculation of carbon footprints of the asset portfolios in carbon-intensive industries. BOC manages and assesses its ESG risks of customers and their projects in a category-based manner from 13 dimensions given the characteristics of the industries and regions to which they belong. Risk assessment In addition, other key elements in the assessment of ESG risks associated with customers and their projects include community health and safety, land acquisition and involuntary relocation, respect for cultures and customs of indigenous peoples and ethnic, cultural heritage protection, explosives and chemicals management, ESG risk management among supply chain, organizational framework and operational management, and financial management and risk management. Specific assessment standardsKey elements under mandatory inspection in the assessment of ESG risks associated with customers (1) whether a management system is in place to prevent ESG risks; (2) whether management personnel are in place to prevent environmental ESG risks; (3) whether there is a strong awareness of preventing ESG risks; etc. Assessment and management system of ESG risks associated with customers and their projects (1) whether workers are treated fairly and provided with equal opportunities; (2) whether workers are provided with a safe and healthy work environment or appropriate safeguards; (3) whether employment and labour laws of the countries where projects are located are complied with; (4) whether there is a grievance mechanism for workers (and their organisations, where they exist) to raise workplace concerns; etc. Labour and working conditions (1) whether customers projects have formulated strategic plans or management policies concerning the green and low-carbon transition; (2) whether customers projects carry out carbon emission accounting; (3) whether customers projects intensify their energy and resource management to gradually reduce the carbon emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2; (4) whether customers projects pay enough attention to the carbon footprints of enterprises along supply chains to gradually reduce the carbon emissions in Scope 3. Carbon footprint management (1) whether customers projects, as a matter of priority, seek to avoid impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem services; (2) when avoidance of impacts is not possible, whether customers projects adopt measures to minimise impacts and restore biodiversity and ecosystem services; (3) given the complexity in predicting project impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem services over the long term, whether customers projects adopt a practice of adaptive management in which the implementation of mitigation and management measures are responsive to changing conditions and the results of monitoring throughout the project lifecycle. Biodiversity conservation and sustainable natural resource management Pollution prevention and control(1) whether customers projects have committed environmental violations and whether they have been rectified and passed acceptance examinations of the competent management authorities; (2) whether customers projects avoid the release of pollutants or, when avoidance is not feasible, minimise or control the intensity and mass flow of their release; (3) whether customers projects avoid the generation of hazardous or non-hazardous waste materials or, when wastage generation cannot be avoided, reduce the generation of waste, and recover and reuse in a way that is safe for human health and the environment (climate); etc. Due diligence and risk assessment Credit business The Bank required the customer relations departments to carry out due diligence on the ESG risks of customers (projects), make clear the key elements of due diligence based on the characteristics of the industries and regions where the customers or projects were located, analyse and assess relevant risks in business launch reports and related business management systems, and carry out compliance risk reviews. For the customers (projects) that may have potential and significant impact on social stability and public interests, such as nuclear power projects, waste incineration projects in densely populated areas, and large hydroelectric projects, the Bank required the customer relations departments to fully evaluate relevant risks, and promptly withdraw from the customers (projects) if no due diligence had been conducted on their Customer ESG risks. Bond underwriting business The Bank required customers (projects) to be strictly reviewed for Customer ESG risks in the processes of customer or project selection, business access, etc. For the carbon-intensive industries, such as coal and thermal power generation, the Bank made ESG risk-related factors, including environmental protection improvement and governance efforts, environmental impact reports, and energy conservation evaluation reports of customers, an important part of due diligence at the stage of business access. ESG risks associated with customers were fully investigated, monitored, and reported in a timely manner. In credit strategies, the Bank defined risk levels including active support, prudent credit granting or investment, and no credit granting or investment based on the environmental protection ratings of customers, and linked environmental protection ratings with credit ratings. In line with the implementation of the green finance development strategy and the adherence to the green lending concept, the Bank strengthened environmental (climate) and social risk management and re-examined the differentiated credit authorization delegation schemes across BOC. For industries with high Customer ESG risks, such as iron & steel, cement, electrolytic aluminium, and coal chemical, it was further clearly stipulated that in compliance with certain conditions, credit applications shall be submitted to the Head Office for approval. For green industries in the active growth category to which more credit would be extended, authorisation delegation shall be expanded. Phase II of the green finance management system was put into operation, enabling intelligent categorisation of ESG risks associated with customers and export of customer lists, dynamically monitoring customers' environmental protection information like ratings and punishments, and supporting intelligent forewarning, regular evaluation, and whole-process control of ESG risks associated with customers. Circumstances in which the Bank will provide active support Circumstances in which the Bank will be cautious about providing credit or investment support Circumstances in which the Bank shall not provide credit or investment support The Bank will actively channel resources into the green industries on the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries, which engage in energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructures, and green services. Enterprises whose environmental credit rating has a colour code of yellow. Enterprises that are above the industry average in pollutant emissions or energy consumption and have no technological adaption plans. Enterprises that may have a significant adverse impact on the health or living environment of indigenous people and ethnic minorities, or that may trigger severe conflicts over resources or land and have not developed effective mitigation measures. Enterprises that seriously infringe on the rights of shareholders of small and medium enterprises and that are severely short of financial management and risk management mechanisms and have no plan to rectify the situation. Enterprises that fail to pass national environmental impact assessment, whose environmental protection credit rating is red or black, that are put on the black list for illegal environmental practices, that destroy key habitats, important biodiversity areas or national natural reserves, or that illegally log, fish, poach wildlife, cause deforestation through the excessive expansion of oil palm plantations, or illegally occupy and destroy forest lands. Existing businesses that involve any of the said circumstances shall be urged to rectify the problems and those that cannot rectify shall exit as soon as possible. Key business strategiesDifferentiated authority and processes List-based management Digitising the management of ESG risks associated with customers BOC Shanghai Branch developed a model specialising in environmental climate evaluation. Developing a model specialising in environmental climate evaluation to strengthen climate risk prevention capabilities Environmental (Climate) Risk Evaluation Indicators... Environmental profiling factors Green industriesPollution discharge security permit Energy consumption intensity and efficiency Green certificationPollution monitoring and governance Environmental inputEnvironmental violation Environmental credit Green insurance Climate carbon efficiency factors Climate risk transition risk and physical risk Climate opportunities Climate governanceClimate resilience factors Carbon emission intensity and efficiency Optimisation of green asset structureResource utilisation efficiency 31 30 BOC Zhejiang Branch explored the establishment of a transition finance management system to standardise the objectives, paths, progress, and information disclosure of entities in transition. The system could provide a centralised view of the geographical industry distribution of carbon-intensive enterprises as a percentage of all enterprises in Zhejiang Province, as well as data of the performance of key customers in transition, such as the carbon efficiency level, carbon emission volume, and carbon emission intensity of enterprises, thus visualising the transition process of carbon-intensive enterprises. The system has two modules, namely, the transition tracking module and the enterprise tracking module. The transition tracking module is used to record the pilot transition finance projects, and the enterprise tracking module could automatically verify and disclose key performance indicators (KPIs) during the loan duration, such as transition progress, carbon emission data, and corporate governance information. The data in the system can be used to carry out post-lending management of customers and decide preferential terms and drawdown ratios in loan contracts considering the progress of enterprises in transition. The transition finance management system was created to follow the transition process convenientlyIndicators and Targets With becoming the preferred bank of green financial services as a goal, BOC improved its green finance products and services. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically reached RMB3, 106. 7 billion, which included new credit of RMB1, 119. 5 billion and represented an increase of RMB2, 209. 9 billion from the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan period. The balance of credit finance will go up year by year. Year-on-year growth of 56. 34 BOC will maintain sound asset quality. Non-performing ratio of green credit remained below 0. 5, which was lower than the overall NPL ratio of the Group. Green bond investments will go up year by year. Investments in green bonds expanded in size continuously. Investment of BOC in green bonds exceeded RMB100 billion as at the end of 2023. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. Green investment and financing BOC Green financial product and service Green loans The Bank made efforts to support green industries and projects, gave priority to approving green, low-carbon, or eco-friendly customers, and promoted fast growth of green credit. As at the end of 2023, the balance of green credit extended by the Bank domestically was equivalent to RMB3, 106. 7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 56. 34. In 2023, BOC Shanghai Branch arranged a sustainability-linked syndicated loan worth RMB1. 5 billion for COSCO Shipping Energy Transportation Company Limited (COSCO Shipping) as the first of its kind in China's shipping industry. Relying on the strategic plan of COSCO Shipping for sustainable development, the branch selected appropriate environmental and social KPIs, examined the progress the company had made toward its sustainable development targets in the past two years, and assisted the company in making energy transportation by ships a green and harmless process and in holding work safety management to high standards. BOC, as a global co-lead bank, contracted a 1GW wind power project located in Bash and Zankeldi, Bukhara, Uzbekistan. It is the largest standalone wind power project in Central Asia and an important project planned by the Uzbek government for the benefit of the people. Upon completion, it could provide 3. 5 billion kWh of electricity to the local power grid every year, reduce carbon emissions by 1. 6 million tonnes, and create about 500 jobs in the local community. BOC Sydney Branch, as the sustainability coordinator, launched an innovative sustainability-linked loan that contained biodiversity conservation indicators to support the sustainable development of the Macquarie University campus in Australia. The Bank provides enterprises with green financing support Green loans Green inclusive financeGreen credit granted by rural banksGreen fixed asset loans Green loans and sustainability-linked loans aligned with international codes Carbon emission quota pledge financing Green equity backed loans Renewable energy subsidy authentic right loansGreen factoring Green bond investmentGreen trade finance Green bond investmentFront-end green project loans Green M&A loans Featured green and inclusive credit Green deposits ESG funds green funds Green finance-themed wealth management productsCash management of green enterprises Green liquidity management Green asset management The Bank supports personal customers in leading a green and low- carbon life Personal green housing loansCredit-based personal installment loans for new energy vehiclesPersonal green themed credit card Personal green business loansGreen personal consumer credit Green personal business loans The Bank supports customers through integrated green financial services Green bond underwriting Green bond underwriting Green ABS Green stock underwriting Underwriting of stocks of green enterprises Green equity investment Green financial leasing Risk security insurance for green industries Carbon market settlement BOC E-commerce ConnectRisk security insurance for environmental pollutionSecurity insurance for green transport Green financial consulting Green indexCarbon transaction deposit custodyEnergy-efficient aircraft leasingGreen equity investment Green leasing Green insurance Green carbon market Green consulting and analysis The Bank actively responds to investors' demands for green development Issuance of green blue bonds Green custody Green capital market salesIssuance of sustainability-linked bonds Green bond issuance Green custody Green capital market salesThe Bank assists customers in managing green liquidity and green assets 35 34 Green bonds The Bank developed the Sustainability Bond Management Statement (Version 2023) in accordance with the latest principles related to sustainability bonds published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA). As the sole lead underwriter, the Bank assisted Fujian Energy Group Co., Ltd. in issuing the second tranche of ultra-short-term financing bonds (carbon assets) in 2023, which is the first carbon asset bond linked to the local carbon market and the first carbon asset-based bond issued by an enterprise qualified for issuing debt financing instruments (DFIs) in China. Therefore, it is of great significance for the companies in Fujian to explore the use of financial instruments to move toward the dual carbon goal. Highlights of globalisation practices Green inclusive finance To promote the integrated development of green finance, inclusive finance, and technology finance, the Bank increased support for the green development of inclusive finance customer groups such as agricultural-related enterprises and small and micro manufacturing enterprises. By the end of 2023, the Bank's green and inclusive finance loan balance was RMB16. 737 billion, registering a growth rate of 41. 69 in the year. Green consumption The Bank innovated green finance products from the consumption side, guided or encouraged consumers to increase low-carbon behaviour and choose green products, and promoted the green and low-carbon transition of personal spending. As at the end of 2023, the Bank sold on an agency basis 49 green finance products such as ESG Premium. The outstanding products had a size of RMB47, 517 million. Wealth management products on the theme of green finance As at the end of 2023, the Bank sold on an agency basis 50 green finance-themed mutual funds in aggregate, with an outstanding size of RMB10, 081 million. These funds were invested in a wide range of green industries such as ecological conservation, low- carbon transition, new energy, and new materials. Mutual fund products on the theme of green finance Debit cards Green, low-carbon debit cards were issued on a pilot basis for the first time in places including Qinghai. As at the end of 2023, about 480, 000 people were attracted to live a green and low-carbon life. Credit cards Green, low-carbon credit cards were upgraded. Green, low-carbon bank cards New energy vehicle (NEV) instalment loans The Bank introduced a diversity of zero-interest loans, low-interest loans, and flexible repayment plans with low monthly instalments in cooperation with carmakers, to reduce financial costs of car buyers. Meanwhile, it strengthened the coordinated support throughout the whole process from in-store acquiring to approval and disbursement of loans, thus opening up an efficient, green business channel. As at the end of 2023, the outstanding balance of New Energy Vehicle installment loan receivables reached RMB34, 464 million, representing a 105. 06 increase compared to the beginning of the year. Green home appliance loans In response to the green home appliance subsidy policies of local governments, BOC launched the Green Home Appliance Instalment Loan activity, in which it cooperated with more than 8, 000 stores of many large-scale home appliance sales chains across China. Green consumption services In February 2023, the Bank acted as the exclusive lead underwriter and bookrunner to help XCMG New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd. in Xuzhou issue the first tranche of green, private asset-backed notes in 2023, with an issuance amount of RMB597 million and a term of three years. While assisting the issuer to make its debut in the debt capital market, the Bank landed the first green bond in the field of new energy commercial vehicles in China. The proceeds would be used to support the issuer in manufacturing new energy commercial vehicles, in an effort to facilitate energy conservation and emission reduction. The balance of green assets under the management of BOC Financial Leasing was RMB24, 011 million, accounting for 43. 79 of its total outstanding leasing assets. BOCI underwrote 11 green and sustainability bonds for 2023, with the underwriting amount exceeding USD4. 215 billion in equivalent. BOC Securities underwrote a total of RMB30, 175 million through green bond issuance. Green finance projects of BOC Asset Investment made proprietary investments of RMB33, 539 million, accounting for 42. 54. The water pumps, air- conditioners, and other facilities that were unworthy of maintenance after their operating efficiency declined were replaced with energy-saving alternatives. The sanitary wares in the Head Office buildings were gradually replaced with new water-saving products. Utilizing the newly installed refrigeration unit inverters, reasonable operating parameters were set to reduce the operating load of air conditioning systems. Offices went paperless by making full use of teleconferencing and videoconferencing systems to reduce conference travel emissions. A total of 2, 844 video conferences were held by the Head Office and facilities in Beijing throughout the year. Energy-saving training courses were provided for energy management personnel, energy-saving posters and slogans were posted at busy places such as entrances of office buildings, lifts, cafeterias, and bathrooms, and continued efforts were made to disseminate national policies on energy conservationand emission reduction policies as well as knowledge of the use of energy and other resources. In strict accordance with the Evaluation Standards for Green Buildings, BOC took building energy conservation as an important reference for its construction, purchase, and leasing of offices. Priority was given to energy conservation in the entire process including the approval, design, tendering, construction, and use of office building projects. As a result, the energy efficiency of the Bank's office buildings reached a nationally advanced level. Energy-saving technology was adopted more extensively. Energy-saving renovation projects such as energy-saving renovation of lighting, chiller repair, and replacement with new energy vehicles were carried out in the main office buildings of domestic institutions. Green buildingsRunning a green office The upgraded BOC e-Procurement platform was promoted across the Group, which supported a host of functions such as e-commerce procurement, intelligent reimbursement & accounting, and supplier management, making procurement management an automated, refined, digital, and intelligent process faster. The concept of green procurement was integrated into the procurement management policies. A green procurement logo was added to the centrally procured equipment. Energy-saving, water-saving, eco-friendly, recyclable, low-carbon, renewable, organic, and other factors were considered in nailing down procurement demands with reference to national standards, industry standards, and government procurement requirements set out in the catalogues of eco-friendly and energy-saving products, products up to environmental standards, green products, etc. Green procurement BOC (Macao) creates an eco-friendly business premise, by highlighting natural lighting and ventilation at the stage of spatial design, adopting energy-saving and eco-friendly products such as LED lighting systems, sensor-controlled devices, and renewable building materials, and increasing the area of greenery. At the same time, further progress was made in building model outlets for green construction on a pilot basis. As at the end of 2023, 28 model outlets for green construction were built, four of which passed external certification for green construction and carbon neutrality in operations. Green outlets Taking advantage of the low ambient temperature of the local region, the Inner Mongolia Park Data Centre adopted the indirect evaporative cooling technology, which could exchange the hot air in the server room with the natural source of cold air when the outdoor temperature was low to achieve the cooling effect, with the PUE value at 1. 18. Leveraging the abundant water resources in the city, the Hefei Park Data Centre adopted the technology of chilled water cooling system, which could make use of water evaporation and natural cold sources to cool the server room, and rely on the technology of residual heat recovery to recover large amounts of heat generated by the server room for heating the office area, with the PUE value at 1. 23. Green data centres 41 40 Green Finance Capacity Building The Bank further built its green finance capacity to lay a solid foundation for accelerating the leapfrog development of green finance and properly managing climate risks. United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (UN PRB) Green Development Investment and Financing Partnership Beijing Initiative for BRI Green DevelopmentChina-UK Green Finance Group Working Group for Sustainability Information Disclosure by UK-China Financial InstitutionsGreen Investment Principles (GIPs) for the Belt and Road InitiativeThe Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) In December 2023, Green Finance and Climate Change Response The Role of and Opportunities for China's Banking Sector was held as a side event at the 28th Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP28). Co-organised exclusively by BOC Dubai Branch, the event focused on the current objectives of and requirements for the development of green finance, provided a centralised view of what China's banking industry did and achieved in supporting the dual carbon strategy and responding to climate change. Liu Jiandong, Chief Risk Director of the Bank, delivered a speech via video link. The UAE Corporate Sustainability Report, compiled by BOC Dubai Branch in cooperation with the United Arab Emirates University (UAEU), was released at the side event for the first time as the only selected research result. Focusing on the ESG practices of local enterprises in the UAE, the report tried to explore a roadmap for sustainable development. Offline training courses at different levels were organized for customer lines, risk lines and operation lines. The Bank held competitions on innovative green finance products, performance competitions, and labour competitions, carried out a series of activities to select and commend individuals and groups with outstanding achievements in green finance, and took various measures to motivate employees to improve their skills and performance in green finance business. Green Finance and Climate Response Side Event at the COP28 Fostering green development capabilities among all employeesBuilding a green finance workforce In 2023, the Bank made active progress in establishing a green finance personnel training system for the 14th Five-Year Plan period, which could cover 10, 000 persons at three levels and in six areas. With the fundamental mission of providing financial services to the real economy, the Bank got the channels for funds to enter the real economy unimpeded, with financial products and services accessible to the vast number of business entities. Guided by the people-centred values, it took the desire of the people for a better life as its goal and shared the dividends of financial development with the general public. As at the end of 2023, the Bank provided 1, 299, 300 private enterprises, registering a growth rate of 26. 20 in the year, with credit support of RMB3. 73 trillion of credit support, which grew by more than RMB797. 1 billion compared with the beginning of the year and of which new credit accounted for 44. 09. The balance of loans extended by the Bank in strategic emerging industries hit RMB 1. 9 trillion, registering a growth rate of 74. 35 in the year. The balance of loans extended by the Bank to high-tech companies went up by 30. 94 to RMB1. 4 trillion in the year. The balance of credit lines worth over RMB 260 billion the Bank provided for over 15, 000 enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products at national and provincial levels, with the Bank ranking among the top in the industry by loan amount, and number of customers. A total of 242 technology finance outlets were constructed across the Bank. Focused on key customer groups such as high-tech enterprises, sci-tech enterprises of small and medium sizes, and small and medium enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products and keenly aware of what sci-tech enterprises actually needed, the Bank created a credit approval process and credit evaluation model adapted to the characteristics of sci-tech enterprises, used artificial intelligence, big data, and other information technologies to improve the credit risk assessment capabilities, and provided the accurately layered and categorised support through digital means. The Bank surveyed a number of strategic emerging industries such as IC, new energy vehicles, smart wearable devices, lithium-ion batteries, medical research and experimental development, and electric motor manufacturing, and revised the credit policies of related industries based on the surveying findings. The 1 2 3 4 (one channel, two-wheel drive, three key points, and four tools) service system exclusive to enterprises using special and sophisticated technologies to produce novel and unique products was improved. The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) 47 46 Aware of the fact that small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technological innovation are usually short in length of operation, highly innovative, and lacking in traditional collateral, the Bank in 2023 launched two fully online inclusive finance products, namely High-tech Startup Loan and Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, to support the small and micro enterprises with strong innovation capabilities and intellectual property rights and to enable whole-process online business processing. The products made financing more conveniently and easily accessible. High-tech Startup Loan Unsecured loans were provided to eligible small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technology innovation, with a view to flexibly meeting their needs for current funds. Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners Allowing enterprises to use intellectual property rights (IPRs) as collateral, it could revitalise the financing attributes of intangible assets such as patents. Meanwhile, the flexible combination of IPR pledge and collateral was effective in meeting the diversified financing needs of various types of small and micro enterprises. BOC Chongqing Branch It launched the BOC Innovation Reward Point Loan product in cooperation with Western Science Town in Chongqing High-tech Industrial Development Zone, which introduced guarantee companies to pre-grant credit lines to sci-tech enterprises with innovation reward points, thus realising the purpose of fast and accurate lending. As at the end of 2023, the branch pre-granted credit lines of more than RMB400 million to enterprises in the list of enterprises with innovation reward points assembled by the development zone, and 36 enterprises already obtained credit lines of RMB131 million. Launching an online financial service mode for small and micro enterprises engaged in scientific and technological innovation An innovative financial product for high-tech start-ups Helping stabilise and unblock industrial chains and supply chains Fully leveraging its advantages in integrated operation, the Bank embedded a full package of comprehensive financial services such as investment banking, insurance, and leasing into the supply chain finance service system and created seven supply chain finance product lineups, namely, note, certificate, financing, loan, debt, insurance, and leasing to provide customers along industrial chains with a service experience by coordinating all product lines. As an important force in the development of inclusive finance, the Bank implemented the guiding principles put forth at the Central Financial Work Conference and the State Council's Implementation Opinions on Promoting the High-quality Development of Inclusive Finance. Promoting the high-quality development of inclusive finance to further move toward common prosperity Serving small and micro market players Large in number, small and micro market entities play an important role in promoting growth, ensuring employment, and improving people's well-being, among other aspects. The Bank focused on the finance needs of small and micro enterprises, self-employed individuals, small and micro business owners, and other market players, and continued to refine the comprehensive service system for inclusive finance. The balance of inclusive loans extended by the Bank to small and micro enterprises stood at RMB 1, 758, 543 million, registering a growth rate of 43. 17 for the year, which was higher than the average growth rate of various loans granted by the Bank in the year. green finance outlets were constructed cumulatively. Small and micro enterprises getting inclusive loans numbered 1. 0710 million, registering a growth rate of 43. 21 for the year. BOC Guangdong Branch staff visit the local piece market to get informed of the financing needs of commercial tenants there. BOC Hebei Branch staff learn about how a corporate customer manufactures and operates its power quality products. The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) Focused on the positioning of Shanxi Province to build an advanced manufacturing base in the central region at a faster pace, BOC Shanxi Branch formulated the Financial Service Programme for Key Industrial Chains of the Manufacturing Sector around the ten major industrial chains, and set up the Work Group for Industrial Chains to thoroughly analyse the situation of customers in each link of an industrial chain, and establish the full-life-cycle financial services mechanism for enterprises along industrial chains. Propelling the manufacturing industry toward high-quality development 49 48Serving the persons who started their own businesses or got employed The Bank further implemented the long-term mechanism for employment stabilisation and expansion by launching an employment promotion campaign in 2023, which provided comprehensive inclusive finance services for small and micro enterprises and the vast number of persons who started their own businesses and got employed in terms of credit services, job searching and matching, financial needs concerning people's well-being, skills training, and policy dissemination, in an effort to help these enterprises develop stably and create more job opportunities. In addition, the Bank carried out the Pro-entrepreneurship inclusive finance service campaign, published the Guidelines on the Formulation of the Inclusive Start-up Loan Service Programmes for Entrepreneurial Customer Groups and eight measures in support of university college graduates and people starting their own businesses, and approved comprehensive solutions for inclusive finance such as special financing, entrepreneurial training, and supply and demand matching to provide precise support for those who started their own businesses and sought flexible employment. As at the end of 2023, the balance of business loans extended by the Bank to self-employed individuals exceeded RMB260 billion, with a growth rate of 40. 51 for the year, which covered more than 480, 000 customers, with a growth rate of 44. 61 for the year. During the second National Service Month for Self-employed Individuals campaign, it visited the markets and business districts in order to disseminate policies and provide diversified products and services to the self-employed individuals in different industries and scenarios. BOC Gansu Branch in cooperation with the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Gansu Province, introduced the Longyuan Employment Promotion Loan financing business to the public and enterprises, answered questions about related policies, and provided financial services to small and micro enterprises and individuals who started their own businesses and got employed. The branch unveiled Shandong Employment Loan, a special loan product for employment stabilisation and expansion, which would arrange RMB15 billion of credit funds in three years to support eligible small and micro enterprises. BOC Ningbo Branch signed with the Human Resources and Social Security Bureau of Ningbo Municipality the Ningbo Employment Loan Service Cooperation Agreement at the launching ceremony of the Financial Assistance for Enterprises to Stabilise and Expand Employment campaign Ningbo Employment Loan. The exclusive products, credit lines, and services were arranged to help small and micro enterprises in Ningbo stabilise and expand employment. Relying on innovative service modes in eight aspects, that is, orders, support policies, funds, labour, technologies, support services, logistics, and information, the Bank could provide small and micro enterprises engaged in foreign trade with a wide range of services such as order matching, matchmaking of upstream and downstream enterprises, credit support, employment promotion, technical cooperation, insurance coverage, customs clearance and settlement, policy interpretation, and product publicity, to help these enterprises find funds, services and information they needed. Cross-border matchmaking platform Relying on the BOC e-Enterprise global service platform that could integrate government-bank-enterprise cooperation, cross- border matchmaking activities, and financial services, the Bank provided in-depth services to six major exhibitions, and served the China International Import Expo for six consecutive years. In 2023, the Bank organised 19 matchmaking activities. As at the end of 2023, a total of 120 matchmaking events were held, which provided finance intelligent value-added services for more than 50, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions around the world, and reached more than 10, 000 intentions of cooperation, amounting to over USD54 billion. In the process of developing digital finance, the Bank boosted its ability to support the real economy and enhance the accessibility, convenience and precision of inclusive financial services. As at the end of 2023, the series consisted of more than 25 products such as credit, mortgage, pledge, and warranty, and relevant online inclusive loans grew by 120. 26 compared with the beginning of the year, of which new loans accounted for more than 70. Focusing on regional characteristics The Bank rolled out featured online products and services such as Foreign Trade Loan, Carbon e-Loan, and Quick Loan for Farmers for the supply chain and industrial chain, foreign trade, green development, and agriculture-related scenarios in different places. Upgrading the integrated service platform for inclusive finance The precise forecasting and intelligent recommendation service for loans was added to the Inclusive Loan app, providing customers with efficient financing experience. The integration of BOC Enterprise e-Manager as the operational management tool satisfied the demand of diversified business development. Constructing an intelligent operation platform for inclusive finance An intelligent inclusive finance platform was created to realise real-time monitoring of multi-dimensional data such as business scale, asset quality, institutional efficiency, and system operation and integrate automated management and control mechanisms such as indicator configuration, early warning issuance, and threshold-triggered circuit breaker. Enhancing digital inclusive finance service capabilities The Bank expanded the application of external data, diversified customer profiling means. A joint laboratory was built with the National Center for Public Credit Information, with which Credit Easy Loans nationwide conducted further cooperation. BOC Fullerton Community Bank created a mobile service mode that featured online and offline integration by making use of technologies such as digital mapping, face recognition, electronic certificates, and electronic seals. Under this mode, staff could handle information collection, bank card opening, on-site deposit and loan, and other major businesses on their iPads for customers when visiting them. In addition, BOC Fullerton Village Community actively innovated financial products. It developed the Automatically Approved Loan over iPad product exclusive to agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents and tailored the Village-wide Unsecured Loan batch business for particular scenarios. Applications for petty loans could be automatically approved within 15 minutes. Besides, BOC Fullerton Quick Loan was developed as a purely online unsecured small-amount business loan product, which could provide convenient and efficient credit services for small and micro enterprises whose credit records were not as complete as they might be needed. It allows customers to apply for loans, sign contracts, and make repayments by themselves via their mobile phone. It usually takes three minutes on average from loan application to fund disbursement. Practising the concept of digital and inclusive finance to effectively reach out to inclusive finance customer groups A strong agricultural sector is fundamental to the building of a great modern socialist country, and promoting rural revitalisation on all fronts is an important task for building up China's strength in agriculture in the new era. With the strategic goal of modernising agriculture and rural areas and building China into an agricultural powerhouse, the Bank stepped up financial support for agriculture, optimised the agriculture-related finance service system from the supply side, and enhanced the quality and efficiency of agriculture-related finance services. In 2023, a number of documents, including the Guiding Opinions of Bank of China Limited for Supporting the Building of an Agricultural Powerhouse and Modernising Agriculture and Rural Areas during the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, Key Points of Work of Bank of China Limited on Supporting Poverty Alleviation in Key Counties for National Rural Revitalization in 2023 were formulated to further improve the top-level design, enrich financial products and strengthen service capabilities. As at the end of 2023, the balance of agriculture-related loans extended by the Bank was RMB2, 656, 079 million, representing a growth rate of 28. 53 for the year, and the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loans stood at RMB376, 521 million, representing a growth rate of 44. 64 for the year. The Bank issued RMB10 billion of special financial bonds for agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents, with the funds raised to be used exclusively for the disbursement of agriculture-related loans. Upgrading serivces BOC Smart Chain - Food and Beverage Chain was launched to create a set of comprehensive products and services that could combine supply chain finance with inclusive finance. A wide range of financial services covering upstream farmers and breeders, production and processing enterprises, and downstream sales channels and end consumers were available to provide strong financial support for the development of upstream and downstream industries related to food and beverages and for the emergence and development of new industries and business forms in rural areas. As at the end of 2023, 1, 013 rural revitalisation outlets were constructed across the Bank accumulatively, 20 of which were distributed in national-level key counties designated to receive assistance for rural revitalisation. Mobile smart counters were extensively placed in rural areas and counties to increase the accessibility of financial services. Staff members of the Bank took the initiative to go into townships, bazaars, and other places to enhance the off-site and door-to-door service capacity. As at the end of 2023, a total of 11, 028 mobile smart counters were installed across the Group, representing a year- on-year increase of 29. 5, of which 3, 335 were deployed in county areas, representing a year-on-year increase of 33. 7. With the aim of taking roots in county areas and supporting farmers and small-sized enterprises, BOC Fullerton Community Bank was committed to providing modern financial services to small and micro enterprises, self-employed businessmen, the wage-earning class, and rural residents. As at the end of 2023, 134 BOC Fullerton Community Banks were set up in 22 provinces (municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions) across China, of which 87 were located in the central and western regions. BOC Anhui Branch launches the beef cattle breeding loan to support the beef cattle revitalisation programme in Anhui Province and promote the sustainable and sound development of the beef cattle breeding industry. Focusing on key areas Financial services were provided to ensure food security throughout the entire industrial chain from grain production, spring plowing preparation, and grain circulation, storage, and processing. As at the end of 2023, the balance of loans extended by the Bank in the key food areas was RMB121, 618 million, representing an increase of RMB32, 243 million from the beginning of the year and a growth rate of 36. 08 for the year. As at the end of 2023, the balance of credit lines extended by the Bank to seed enterprises nationwide stood at RMB13, 629 million. Seed Industry Loan, as an inclusive finance product, had a credit balance of RMB980 million. BOC Guangdong Branch launched the Village-wide Credit Service Programme. Unlike the traditional practice where farmers could only get a loan if it's secured by collateral, the programme made it possible for farmers with good credit records to obtain a loan directly. This change, therefore, directed the flow of financial resources to agricultural economic entities with good credit records. Since the launch of the village-wide credit programme, related policies have continued to benefit more people. As at the end of 2023, 92 village-wide credit projects were approved, with a total credit line of RMB3. 4 billion, and 503 single business deals were granted, with a credit amount of RMB2. 3 billion. Village-wide credit programme was created as an agriculture-related loan solution Thanks to the village-wide credit programme, we have a better chance of getting rich in the future! A Farmer in Zhaoqing, Guangdong 54 55 BOC Xinjiang Branch relying on the advantageous industries in Bayingolin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture, launched the Chilli Loan service programme, an inclusive finance product under BOC Pro-agriculture Pal to meet the financing needs of local chilli processing enterprises during the chilli harvesting season. As at the end of 2023, the branch approved credit facilities of RMB47. 8 million for 16 local chilli processing enterprises. BOC Hainan Branch introduced the Smart Livestock Farming Loan product, which aimed at helping livestock farming enterprises get rid of obstacles to obtaining guarantees. Allowing livestock to be used as collateral, the product relied on the Hainan Cloud Mobile Platform for Livestock Management, to get a real-time view of the geographic location and physiological status of livestock, a prerequisite for ensuring the safety of livestock as collateral assets. BOC Guangxi Branch innovated a supply chain finance mode combining banks, guarantee companies, top enterprises, and farmer households represented by sugarcane loans, hog loans and poultry loans to facilitate the sound development of the featured industry in Guangxi. As at the end of 2023, the branch extended loans of RMB3, 872 million through the service mode to more than 3, 000 upstream and downstream enterprises and farmer households in the featured farming industry chain. BOC Dalian Branch implemented the Opinions on Accelerating the High-quality Development of the Fishery Industry of Dalian Municipal People's Government. The Fishing Boat Loan product was devised by the branch in light of the needs of fishermen, with the agricultural development guarantee companies introduced. As a solution to the lack of standard real estate collateral among fishermen, the product could direct financial resources to the customer group directly. BOC Chongqing Branch joined hands with Chongqing Anyou Feed Co., Ltd. to provide individual business loan service solutions for pig farmers to promote the development of the pig farming industry in Sichuan and Chongqing. Devising innovative product and service solutions to support the development of distinctive industriesBOC Hunan Branch staff visit farmers to understand their financial needs. BOC Jiangxi Branch extends B&B Loan to B&B operators in Wuyuan County, Shangrao in the hopes of facilitating rural B&B development. As at the end of 2023, 13 branches of the Bank along the Yangtze River Economic Belt had outstanding loans totaling RMB7. 55 trillion, which grew by 15. 59 in the year. Dedicated to the construction of key regions and cities, the Bank strengthened the top-level planning of key regions for financial services, boosted the coordinated support capacity across regions, and provided high-quality support that integrated financing, consulting, and commercial services for regional development, helping to build a regional economic structure that would feature complementary advantages and facilitate high- quality development. In the year, the Work Plan of Bank of China Limited for Supporting the Coordinated Development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region was formulated to prioritise relieving Beijing of functions that were non-essential to its role as the capital city. A total of 35 financial support measures were proposed around the key areas concerning the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, such as the construction of Beijing Municipal Administrative Center and Xiongan New Area in Hebei, transport integration, ecological conservation, industry upgrading and transfer, equal access to public services, and infrastructure improvement and upgrading. As at the end of 2023, the Bank continued to enhance the level of financial services provided in key areas related to the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Its balance of loans for the projects supporting the coordinated development of the Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei region amounted to RMB455, 358 million, of which new loans reached RMB192, 819 million in the year. The Bank takes it as its responsibility to provide high-quality financial support for the construction of the Xiongan New Area and continued to increase its efforts in this regard. As at the end of 2023, its balance of credit lines of RMB31, 792 million in Xiongan New Area of Hebei Province hit RMB 6, 1890 million, a 49. 78 increase compared to the previous year, which strongly supported the construction of a high-speed railway network featuring four vertical and two horizontal lines and an expressway network consisting of four vertical and three horizontal routes in the area, the development of market-oriented sub-districts, and other major projects in Xiongan New Area. As at the end of 2023, four commercial banks of the Bank in the Greater Bay Area had outstanding loans equivalent to RMB4. 52 trillion. BOC Guangdong Branch closely followed the development plan of the Greater Bay Area, focused on major projects in key domains, and spared no efforts to support the Greater Bay Area in realising infrastructural connectivity, capital integration, and life of convenience, thus helping stabilise investment and growth. In 2023, the branch provided financial support of RMB39, 771 million for transport and logistics enterprises, and granted credit lines of more than RMB8. 2 billion to 20 major infrastructure projects such as the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, Shenzhen-Zhongshan Bridge, Shiziyang Channel, Nansha Port, and Hengqin Port and Comprehensive Transportation Hub Development Project. Policies can become effective immediately after purchase. Throughout the year, 223 insurance policies were issued under the scheme with the coverage amounting to HKD 0. 41 million. As at the end of 2023, branches of the Bank along the Yellow River basin had a green loan balance of RMB650. 5 billion, representing a growth of 57. 38, had a balance of agriculture-related loans worth RMB644 billion, up 32. 37, and had a balance of inclusive finance totaling RMB288. 3 billion, up 65. 66. As per the requirement for planning the development of Sichuan and Chongqing as a whole, the Bank advanced the joint operation between commercial banking and comprehensive management companies within the Group, better propelled the integrated development of the Chengdu-Chongqing region with financial services, facilitated the construction of key projects in the Chengdu-Chongqing region such as Chengdu-Dazhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway, Yunyang Pumped Storage Power Plant, and Chongqing-Wanzhou High-speed Railway, and supported the construction of a western financial centre in Chongqing, so as to construct the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle in a more thorough and practical manner. As the most internationalised Chinese bank, BOC made globalisation a shining brand, actively integrated the domestic and international markets and resources available there, and made continuous efforts to serve high-standard going global enterprises and high-quality bringing in enterprises, contributing to the formation of a new development pattern that would feature positive interplay between domestic and international economic circulations. Relying on the global network to serve the high-standard opening up to the outside world Continuously optimising the global network of branches institutions Pressing ahead with bilateral and multilateral financial cooperationFunctioning as the financial bridge, the Bank provided customers with comprehensive financial services all over the world. In 2023, Papua New Guinea Representative Office and Riyadh Branch commenced business successively. As at the end of 2023, the Bank established overseas branches and institutions in 64 countries and regions around the world, including 44 BRI participating countries. Therefore, it became the Chinese bank with the widest coverage in the world and among the BRI participating countries. The Bank intensified its cooperation with a variety of financial institutions and expanded its range of international partners. As at the end of 2023, it established correspondent relationships with nearly 1, 200 financial institutions worldwide, and cemented its collaboration with key correspondent banks in the BRI regions. In the meantime, it provided multinational institutions and enterprises with a full package of financial services such as international settlements, bond financing, foreign exchange trading, investment custody, and global cash management. Additionally, BOC also maintained good partnerships with international multilateral financial institutions such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and New Development Bank (NDB) as well as sovereign funds of many countries. The cross-border finance zone of the corporate mobile banking app encompassed three parts, namely One-Stop Cross-border Connect, Cross-border Treasure Box, and Well-selected Cross-border Services, which integrated collection, settlement, and payment of foreign exchange (FX) for joint operations and supported one-stop comprehensive cross-border services such as letters of credit, letters of guarantee, inclusive financing, and wealth management, as well as a series of convenient auxiliary functions such as FX quotations and calculation. Forward FX settlement and sales services were added to the overseas version of the corporate online banking app, supporting such functions as forward transaction initiation, transaction duration management, quotation enquiry, transaction, and entrustment enquiry. As at the end of 2023, the overseas version of the corporate online banking app was available in 56 countries regions and in 14 languages including Chinese, English, Korean, Japanese, German, French, and Russian. BOC Cross-border Remittance Express, an intelligent cross-border remittance product, introduced two functions, that is, direct outward remittance of cross-border funds and direct inward remittance of domestic foreign currency funds from other banks, realising cross-border remittance in both directions, intelligent direct processing of local and foreign currencies, and direct inward remittance of domestic and foreign currencies through all channels. In March 2023, BOC Suzhou Branch issued the green deposit scheme for corporate customers in the Yangtze River Delta, which was the first green deposit scheme offered in different currency types across regions in China. The green deposit scheme, with pre- issuance assurance conducted by an external professional institution, was intended to promote the sustainable development of the regional economy by earmarking the deposit funds in the Yangtze River Delta for green, low-carbon, and eco-friendly projects. Pioneering the cross-regional and cross-currency green deposit scheme in the Yangtze River DeltaSupporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta Keenly aware of the strategic positioning of the Yangtze River Delta as one pole, three regions, and one highland as well as the two keywords, namely integrated and high-quality, the Bank consistently prioritized supporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta in its execution of regional strategy. Since its signing of the Cooperation Agreement on Promoting the Integrated Development of the Yangtze River Delta with the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office and launching of the first comprehensive financial services programme for the integration of the Yangtze River Delta in the Chinese banking industry, the ability of banks and enterprises in the Yangtze River Delta region to provide coordinated services for the integrated development of the region has been significantly enhanced. As at the end of 2023, six branches of the Bank in the Yangtze River Delta had a combined loan balance of RMB4. 99 trillion, posting an annual growth rate of 16. 62 for the year. Over the past decade, BOC, as the most internationalised Chinese bank with a history of over 100 years, has followed the principle of extensive consultation, joint contributions, and shared benefits, adhered to a vision of openness, green development, and clean governance, and aimed to reach high standards, enhance people's well-being, and advance sustainability. While fully leveraging its advantages in globalisation, the Bank made progress in increasing infrastructure connectivity and financial cooperation with the BRI participating countries. In recent years, the Bank has supported with a full package of financial services a number of landmark projects, including Jakarta-Bandung High-Speed Railway (the first high-speed railway project that Chinese enterprises undertook overseas), China-Laos Railway (a flagship cooperation project between the two countries), the Port of Chancay, Peru, (an important transport hub in the South Pacific Ocean), and a wind farm project in Bukhara, Uzbekistan (the largest standalone wind power project in Central Asia), as well as a number of small yet significant projects, including a hospital in Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina, all of which effectively enhanced the local people's sense of happiness, fulfilment, and identity. Capitalising on its strengths in international capital markets and overseas businesses, BOC continued to catalyse financing among BRI participating countries. As at the end of 2023, the Bank issued five BRI-themed bonds, raising funds equivalent to nearly USD15 billion in seven currencies such as RMB, USD, and EUR. In addition, branches of the Bank in the BRI participating countries were organised to issue overseas green bonds with a view to supporting the development of green finance in their host countries regions. outcomes were included in the list of practical cooperation projects of the Third Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, which indicated that fruitful results were achieved in the process of serving the joint implementation of the BRI. Domestic institutions of the Bank issued USD 12, 205 million in letters of guarantee for beneficiaries in 130 BRI participating countries in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 7. 15. Jakarta-Bandung High-speed Railway, jointly constructed by China and Indonesia, started operation in September 2023, marking a significant milestone reached by the two countries in the joint implementation of the BRI. As the flagship project of China-Indonesia cooperation under the BRI, the project was the first high-speed railway in Southeast Asia, and it also signified China's high-speed railway standards were practised overseas for the first time with the entire system, all elements, and the whole industry chain intact. The Bank actively supported the construction of the railway by providing related enterprises with a wide range of financial services such as account management, overseas custody agent, cash management, FX business, and agency payroll, all of which were necessary for the smooth progress of the project. BOC Dubai Branch and BOC Luxembourg Branch simultaneously issued one of the world's first BRI-themed green bonds, with a total size of USD800 million equivalent, and the proceeds would be used to support qualified green projects in the BRI participating countries, including the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Portugal, Austria, Bulgaria, and Poland. Over the years, BOCG Insurance has been actively involved in the joint implementation of the BRI. In 2023, BOCG Insurance exclusively underwrote the engineering insurance for the regional hospitals in Guyana, constructed by China CAMC Engineering Co., Ltd., the first medical infrastructure construction project as part of the partnership between China and Guyana, which could effectively improve the local medical standards upon completion. Meanwhile, it underwrote the construction all risks insurance for the Batang Toru Hydropower Station Project in Indonesia and the Balakot Hydropower Station Project in Pakistan. The two important energy infrastructure projects aimed to improve the local energy mix, expedite the transition to clean energy, and provide the public with safe, stable and clean electricity supply. BOCG Insurance underwrote more than 230 overseas projects throughout 2023, including 173 projects in the BRI participating countries, with the coverage amounting to over RMB80 billion. Jakarta-Bandung High-speed Railway commenced operation as a cooperation project between China and Indonesia with the financial support of BankIssuing one of the world's first BRI-themed green bonds Safeguarding the high-quality implementation of the BRI with the power of insurance BOC Heilongjiang Branch launched the BOC Cross-border e-Procurement Connect - Loong Procurement Connect system, which was connected to the networking platform of Suifenhe Municipal People's Government for market procurement trade. Capable of exercising the whole-process control over the authentication of trade entities, transaction registration, export customs clearance and other links, the system could provide entities engaged in market-oriented procurement trade with online services covering the entire business process from account opening and binding to application for FX collection and settlement, which made it possible for carrying out FX businesses for customers in a more timely and convenient manner, thus developing new modes of foreign trade. BOC Cross-border E-commerce Connect, a system of cross-border e-commerce settlement products and services, was refined around new forms of foreign trade, to make one-stop online financial services for market-oriented procurement trade available in the majority of the pilot provinces, and increased the supply of comprehensive financial services for overseas warehouses. In 2023, domestic institutions of the Bank handled international settlement businesses totaling USD3. 37 trillion, of which the cross-border settlement services provided for cross-border e-commerce enterprises grew at a rate of 123. The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) 63 62Serving major national exhibitions and conventions In 2023, the Bank continued to provide high-quality services for national trade fairs, thus erecting a financial bridge for trade promotion. Name of exhibition Role of the Bank China International Import Expo Sole strategic partner China International Fair for Trade in Services Sole global partner in the banking industry China Import and Export Fair Sole global strategic partner China International Consumer Products Expo Global strategic partner China International Fair for Investment & Trade Sole global strategic partner for financial servicesMain work done Pre-exhibition The Bank supported investment invitation, exhibitor invitation, and roadshow activities. During-exhibition The Bank provided exhibitors and buyers with comprehensive financial services such as policy counselling, account opening, fund exchange, cash management, and cross-border remittance. Leveraging the experience in global matchmaking activities and cross- border services, it provided enterprises with high-quality financial matchmaking activities. It supported the organisation of high- end forums and other activities to release financial service outcomes, deepen international communication and cooperation, and help integrate intelligence and commercial services. Post-exhibition The Bank cemented cooperation with the organising committees of exhibitions to provide enterprises with high-quality and efficient financial services on an ongoing basis. BOC Tianjin Branch establishes Tianjin's first shipping finance centre, focusing on five industries, that is, shipping transactions, automobile logistics, financial leasing, cold chain logistics, and deep processing of frozen goods, to satisfy the all-around financial needs of shipping logistics enterprises and freight forwarding enterprises in terms of settlement, financing, and guarantee. Since the launch of the pilot programme where RMB could be used as a settlement currency for cross-border trade in 2009, BOC has always maintained its position as the main channel for cross-border flows of RMB funds. In 2023, the Group's cross-border RMB settlement volume reached RMB57. 35 trillion, up more than 80 over the same period of the prior year, among which RMB12. 81 trillion was undertaken by domestic institutions of the Bank, up 23. 28 year on year. BOC (Zambia) holds the Cross-border RMB Business Promotion under China-Zambia Economic and Trade Cooperation to introduce the background of RMB internationalisation, cross-border RMB policies, and related financial products, in the hopes of enhancing the understanding and recognition of RMB among various entities in the Zambian market. Publicising and promoting RMB Internationalisation with greater efforts Supporting the construction of RMB cross-border use infrastructuresThe Bank published the White Paper on RMB Internationalisation for 11 consecutive years, released the Cross-border RMB Index (CRI) and the Offshore RMB Index (ORI) on a quarterly basis, and launched the Introduction to Main Scenarios and Products Related to Cross-border RMB Corporate Services for overseas markets, to help customers know about RMB internationalisation policies and products. Special activities on RMB internationalisation were held, including the Belt and Road Initiative RMB Internationalisation Forum, and the Currency Cooperation and a Diversified International Monetary System, a parallel session at the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2023, to have in-depth discussions about topics such as promoting the cross-border use of RMB with prudent and solid steps and building an offshore RMB market. Publicity and training activities on the internationalisation of RMB were carried out on a regular basis to promote experience and practices related to serving RMB internationalisation and preventing or controlling relevant risks. As at the end of 2023, 626 domestic and overseas financial institutions of the Bank became indirect participating banks of the CIPS, representing an increase of 43 from the beginning of the year and marking that the Bank ranked first place in the industry by the market share. BOC acted as an RMB clearing bank in 15 countries and regions around the world. Fulfilling People's Aspiration for a Better Life through Financial Services With people's growing needs for a better life as our starting point and destination, the Bank continues to enhance people's well-being in areas of pension, healthcare, housing, consumption and education by providing professional and quality financial services to improve customers' experience and satisfaction. Leveraging industry strengths, we mobilize more resources for public welfare and charity to truly fulfill our responsibilities of serving the people and enabling prosperity for all. As at the end of 2023, 28. 04 million mobile banking users of the Bank were authorised medical insurance e-card holders. It consistently offers a series of products such as enterprise annuities and occupational pensions to its customers. The enterprise annuity customers served was 18, 200. The individual enterprise annuity accounts under the management of the Bank numbered 4, 123, 700 with a growth of 5. 77. The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) 69 68 In November 2023, the Bank's first elderly economy trading delegation made its appearance at the 6th China International Import Expo (CIIE). The delegation consisted of over 200 members, covering government agencies, state-owned retirement groups, rehabilitation aids, professional elderly care services, elderly education, elderly cultural tourism, and age-friendly design-related entities. The platform offers age-friendly courses on financial literacy, smartphone applications for bridging the generation gap, financial fraud prevention, and comprehensive health guides by renowned doctors. By the end of 2023, CCB Senior University had offered over 650 courses, with over 620, 000 clicks. It provides information on retirement institutions, offline senior universities, medical institutions, community dining spots, specialty merchants, and bank service points to help build a 15-minute retirement life circle. As at the end of 2023, the Grey-hair Map platform had accommodated over 4, 000 elderly care service institutions, covering 31 provinces and cities nationwide. It helps older adults overcome the digital divide and enjoy a convenient life. The Bank explores innovative retirement service supply models and creates a public welfare mutual aid retirement platform to fully support the development of public welfare retirement initiatives. Non-financial services The Bank established CCB Keep Training Camp in the mobile banking app and launched free online workout courses in five categories including ice and snow sports, Tai Chi, and indoor fat burning. It improved Featured Venues and Equipment Center modules were improved, integrating 706 sports venues for fitness, ice and snow sports, swimming, and various ball sports, and introducing 640 sports equipment brands. Financial services The Bank upgraded special product sections, benefiting for Winter Olympics-themed credit cards, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Card, and other distinctive products. It enabled customers to conveniently apply for cards and participate in activities online. It enriched payment methods in the sports zone, including the addition of digital RMB account opening and payment functions, providing customers with a one-stop digital RMB payment experience. It has also innovatively launched the CCB Sports Merchant Smart Assistant, focusing on sports venues, upstream and downstream industries, and designated merchants for major sports events. This assistant provided digital solutions for payment acceptance and business management. As at the end of 2023, a total of 273 accounts were opened, with 113, 400 transactions and a total transaction amount of RMB 54. 2984 million. Education for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual life Grey-hair Map was cast to provide a living guide for the elderly A special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly services Mutual elderly care innovating the elderly care service supply model Optimizing mobile banking services for the sports industry Enhancing customer service capabilities for the sports industry (both B2B and B2G)Serving the development of sports industry 71 70Actively promoting the concept of a healthy China, the Bank organized a variety of thematic activities and events in collaboration with popular occasions such as the Spring Festival, Olympic Day, National Fitness Day, and the China International Import Expo, as well as major sports events including the National Games and marathons. As at the end of 2023, the Bank had supported the hosting of 9, 125 events or competitions, serving nearly 5. 62 million participants. The Bank actively implemented the decisions and arrangements of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, adhering unwaveringly to the principle of treating all types of real estate enterprises equally and meeting their reasonable financing needs. It closely followed up on the implementation of rental housing work, conducts proactive research, and advances urban village transformation, affordable housing, and other related initiatives under the Three Major Projects, accelerating the supply-side reform of real estate finance. The Bank ensured the delivery of housing projects by providing credit support based on market-oriented and legal principles. It actively explored new models of real estate development, promoting a virtuous cycle between finance and real estate. The Bank, focusing on popular consumer scenarios such as clothing, food, housing, transportation, entertainment, medical care, and elderly care, provided quality consumer financial products and services to support consumption recovery and stimulate latent demand. It injected financial impetus into expanding domestic demand and promoting consumption. Promoting the nationwide fitness trend BOC Hubei Branch provided strong support for the 2023 Wuhan Marathon. As one of the platforms for distributing Wuhan sports consumption vouchers, the Bank distributed Wuhan-specific and general-purpose vouchers to participants and citizens. It also introduced the innovative virtual digital credit card, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Card, which provided registration fee discounts for selected participants. Financial support for the spirit of the Wuhan Marathon, energizing the City of Wuhan BOC Hubei Branch diligently serves the 2023 Wuhan Marathon. BOC Dalian Branch provides professional financial services such as foreign currency exchange guidance for overseas participants in the 30th China Bank Cup Asian Junior Squash Championships. The Bank visited various real estate enterprises of different ownership types, including private enterprises, to exchange views on deepening cooperation between banks and enterprises and the financial support for the development of the real estate market, thereby maintaining stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Bank developed supportive financial measures for the rental housing sector, facilitating the establishment of a housing system with multiple suppliers, multiple channels, and a combination of renting and purchasing. It increased loan disbursements and continuously promotes financial support for the development of the rental housing market. It promoted integral points redemption functions on Alipay, Meituan and others to boost consumption markets through people-benefiting payment activities. The Bank increased support for automobile consumption, cooperating with manufacturers to roll out diversified zero-interest and low-interest subsidized products complementing auto enterprises' promotional activities to reduce residents' financial costs of car purchase. It optimized home decoration installment products according to the actual situation, created distinctive exhibition model that is suitable for the local market situation, and helped improve the quality upgrading of residential consumption, as well as enhanced the service experience of BOC E-instalment, so as to build the brand Family Consumption Reserve Fund and meet diversified consumption needs of residents. The Bank developed a digital card product system targeting various consumer groups, including business travelers, supermarket shoppers, and sports enthusiasts. It supported the issuance of physical cards for digital cards to facilitate offline usage, especially for cross-border payment scenarios. Once the card is activated, the binding process is to be automatically completed, enhancing customers' digital card application and usage experiences. Collaborating with China Telecom and China Unicom, the Bank innovated and launched SIM card-based digital wallet products. Merchant side The Bank deepened construction of key business circles in international consumption center cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Guangdong and Shenzhen, carrying out consumption subsidies marketing activities. The Bank increased resource investment and utilization. Under the brand BOC Benefit Day, it collaborated with high-quality brands to carry out promotional events for participating merchants, promoting efficient consumption and increasing merchants' operating revenue. In addition, BOCHK and BOC Shenzhen Branch, together with the Futian and Luohu District People's Governments of Shenzhen City, jointly organized the Cross-border Shopping Festival featuring digital RMB consumer red packet giveaways and other promotions. These events provided benefits to customers from Hong Kong and Mainland China, attracting cross-border consumption between the two regions. Digital RMB facilitating cross-border consumption BOC Hainan Branch supports the Digital Benefits in Sanya, Revitalizing Consumption digital RMB consumption month campaign. Hong Kong residents' consumption in Mainland China Collaborating with BOC Shenzhen Branch the Luohu District People's Government of Shenzhen, and Octopus Cards Limited to launch innovative self-service digital RMB wallet card vending machines, combining the consumption habit of Hong Kong residents and payment scenarios in the Chinese mainland. Targeting Hong Kong residents who visit Shenzhen for shopping and leisure, this service allowed them to easily obtain digital RMB wallet cards without the need for opening a Mainland bank account. During the 2023 government promotion period, a total of 25, 000 Hong Kong residents actively obtained digital RMB wallet cards in Shenzhen. BOCHK provided digital RMB personal services for local Hong Kong customers. Hong Kong customers registered through BoC Pay could register a digital RMB wallet in Hong Kong and use it in Mainland China. By the end of 2023, the number of registered and activated digital RMB wallets through Bank of China (Hong Kong) had reached 13, 000. Mainland China residents' consumption in Hong Kong BOCHK Introduced digital RMB acquiring services in Hong Kong, allowing nearly 300 Hong Kong merchants to provide digital RMB payment services to Mainland consumers, introducing a new trend of cross-border payments. Disbursing national student loans Supporting the comprehensive implementation of national policy for easing the burden of excessive homework and off-campus tutoring Serving the international development of the education industryThe Bank implemented the national policies on interest-free student loans and deferred repayment of such loans and provided a convenient application channel for students to apply for deferred repayment through the Bank of China Student Loan Assistant mini-program. It quickly implemented the requirements for adjusting the loan amount and interest rate for national student loans and launched the Increase Limit Application feature on mobile banking. The Bank pioneered the introduction of commercial student loans for graduate students, offering credit-based loans with low interest rates, long terms, and flexible repayment methods, better meeting the reasonable study and living needs of full-time graduate students. By the end of 2023, a total of RMB 26. 773 billion in national student loans was disbursed, supporting over 1. 9 million financially disadvantaged students in completing their studies. By the end of 2023, the Bank had cooperated with nearly 1, 200 education regulatory authorities at the district and county levels, providing fund supervision services to 33, 000 training institutions and assisting 16, 000 off-campus training institutions in connecting to the Ministry of Education's National Off-campus Education and Training Supervision and Service Integrated Platform. The Bank deepened cooperation in Sino-foreign vocational education, facilitated cross-border matching for the Luban Workshop project, and enhanced international exchanges in vocational education. The Bank signed a cooperation memorandum with the International Cooperation Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Sciences to strengthen collaboration in areas such as financial services for foreign experts, international scientific and technological exchanges, and the integration of financial technology development. BOC Zhejiang Branch organizes the Zhejiang Study Abroad Festival for three consecutive years, providing one-stop cross-border financial services covering all stages of studying abroad, including study planning, visa application, pre- departure preparations, and overseas learning experiences. The Bank has always been at the forefront of supporting the development of national education, using the power of finance to accelerate the construction of a strong education nation. Empowering the development of education 75 74Providing High-quality Customer Services Guided by the customer-first service tenet, BOC protects consumers on all fronts, actively responds to what customers are concerned about, extensively imparts financial knowledge, and spares no effort to deliver a first-class service experience. Consumer protection The Bank has attached great importance to consumer protection, incorporated consumer protection into its corporate governance, corporate culture building, and operation and development strategies, and continuously promoted the deep integration of consumer protection with business development and service management. The Bank fulfils its main responsibility for consumer protection in strict accordance with the Consumer Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Guiding Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Strengthening the Protection of Financial Consumers, and the Consumer Protection Management Measures for Banking and Insurance Institutions. Board of Directors and its special committee Established under the Board of Directors, the Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee is responsible for reviewing consumer protection strategies, policies, and objectives, among other aspects of content; regularly hearing complaint notifications and reports on work and management activities; making recommendations to the Board of Directors; and supervising and evaluating the work done by the Bank in the field of consumer protection, including complaints management and product and service reviews. In 2023, the committee held five meetings to implement the resolutions and decisions reached by the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee, and to make arrangements for advancing the work of consumer protection throughout the Bank. It fulfils supervisory and guiding responsibilities, strengthens the management and application of consumer protection appraisal results, and carries out supervisory inspection on consumer protection on a regular basis every year. It fulfils responsibilities of independent supervision, carries out special audits on consumer protection every year, and collaborates with the Consumer Protection Office to check how problems have been rectified. The second line of defence (Consumer Protection Office)The third line of defence (audit departments) The Consumer Protection Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) was released, which internalised the latest regulatory requirements into the Bank's relevant policies, further expounded on the eight basic rights of consumers, such as the right to security of property, the right to know, and the right to information security, and optimised the mechanism of three lines of defence for consumer protection. The consumer protection highlights for 2023 were documented to provide guidance for the work in the field of consumer protection throughout the year. The internal appraisal policies for consumer protection were refined, with the appraisal results incorporated into the performance appraisal regime as well as the human resources management regimes such as performance evaluation, post adjustment, and career development. Policy requirements Diversified training and education activities were conducted on the theme of consumer protection, covering a host of key areas such as the interpretation of regulatory provisions, internal policy requirements, consumer protection reviews, complaints management, and protection of personal customer information. Trainees included middle and senior management personnel, primary-level business personnel, and newly recruited employees. The frequency of complaints handling training was increased for business positions prone to complaints in combination with the full picture of complaints throughout the year. Special training on product and service sales, complaints handling, and other themes were organised in light of what employees actually needed. Online and offline training courses on consumer protection registered a total attendance of over 860, 000 in 2023. Education and training In the year, the Measures for the Management of Consumer Protection Reviews of Bank of China Limited was formulated to specify targets, scope, key points, and process, among other aspects of content related to consumer protection reviews, thus regulating such reviews carried out across the Bank. Financial products and services provided to consumers were assessed and reviewed in the processes of design and development, pricing management, agreement formulation, marketing and publicity, etc., to evaluate how the requirements for the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers were implemented, identify potential risks, and bring forward the timing of risk control. Consumer protection reviews Executive level The Consumer Protection Office of the Head Office, as the leading department of the Bank for consumer protection, is responsible for organising, coordinating, supervising, and providing guidance on the consumer protection work of all units. The briefings on complaints and consumer protection activities were reviewed by bank leaders, and the material issues identified were reported to the Board of Directors and the Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee of the Board of Directors for deliberation and decision-making. Efforts were intensified for appraising complaints management in terms of the number of complaints, the percentage of complaints handled on time, the accuracy of information on complaints, and the implementation of diversified mechanisms, among other aspects. The customer complaints management measures were implemented strictly. Channels through which complaints were taken and handled, mainly including business outlets, phone calls, mobile banking, micro-banking, and intelligent customer service available on the official website got unimpeded, quickly response to and promptly handling of customer complaints and diversified complaints settlement mechanisms were put in place to provide customers with various solutions for dispute settlement. The online and offline complaints handling processes were disclosed publicly, so as to make it convenient for customers to provide their feedback quickly. The Bank paid particular attention to the areas where customer complaints were concentrated, analysed the causes of complaints, discovered and rectified the problems involved in complaints one by one, and continuously tracked the rectification of such problems, so as to reduce customer complaints from the source. Management mechanism Handling process Customer complaints handling processesOn-site complaint Online complaint Customer complaint accepted on site Assess whether the complaint can be addressed onsiteOutlet staff hear and record the complaint Staff reply to the customer given the actual circumstancesSolve customer problemYes No Inform the superior or the higher-level complaints management department of the situation Solve the problem complained about; The higher-level institution or the relevant department addresses the matter complained about The higher-level institution provides the feedback of the complaint addressing resultsCustomer satisfaction survey Protecting the safety of customer fundsThe complaints management system was upgraded, by adding new functions such as automatic collection, downloading, and forwarding of information on complaints referred by the regulatory system and intelligent analysis of complaint cases, optimising some existing functions such as user management and dispute resolution, and enhancing the data analysis capability of relevant systems. Two all-employee training sessions on complaints management were conducted throughout the year around such topics as complaints handling processes and skills, complaints data analysis, requirements for the discovery and rectification of problems, and use of the complaints management system, so as to help staff members better handle and manage customer complaints. In 2023, the Bank conducted an external customer satisfaction survey in collaboration with a third-party agency, which covered both individual and corporate customers. In the year, the Bank had an overall customer satisfaction rate of 92. 1, which stood at 90. 5 for individual customers and 96. 4 for corporate customers. The satisfaction rates by customer type were all maintained at a high level. Capacity building The Bank carried out security assessments, hidden hazard screenings, and contingency plan drills, improved outlet security facilities, and optimised the security management platforms, to build up the intelligent security capability. Customer service representatives (CSRs) dealt with risk events as distributed by the security management platform to boost the security risk prevention and control capacity continuously. The during-event risk control model for corporate customers, the monitoring model for personal account transactions, and other models were optimised to intensify the monitoring of key business areas. As at the end of 2023, new functions such as forewarning and delayed payment were added to the Cyber Defence system, which intercepted 408, 471 suspicious fund transfer transactions in an amount of RMB6, 021 million, and took protective measures for 124, 892 accounts. Pre-event risk control During-event monitoringProduct fraud risk inspection The Bank brought individual accounts under graded and categorised limit management, put into operation the cross-bank account opening verification system and anti-fraud indicators, and provided multi-dimensional data to inform outlets while making decisions and analyses regarding account opening. Intelligent security facilities The security management platform was used to monitor conditions such as network interruption, firmware upgrade, and early- warning equipment failure, and relevant personnel were arranged for equipment maintenance and repair to ensure the effective operation of the security infrastructure facilities. The intelligent surveillance equipment was installed in outlets to generate video structured data and personnel behaviour analysis results to raise security management standards. Agile risk perception IoT devices and detectors were used to automatically identify risks. An innovative mode of security risk forewarning and handling was developed to automatically prioritise risk matters. Customer complaint accepted online Assess whether the complaint can be addressed online instantlyHear and record the complaint Staff reply to the customer given the actual circumstancesSolve customer problemYes Inform the relevant institution or department of the situation Solve the problem complained about; The relevant institution or department addresses the matter complained about The relevant institution or department provides the feedback of the complaint addressing resultsNo 79 78Ongoing screening was performed using the fraud-related transaction data provided by regulators and the data on transactions intercepted by its own models. Fraud-involved accounts were controlled in a timely manner. Police-bank collaboration was intensified to carry out anti-fraud publicity activities from multiple perspectives, improve anti-fraud skills of employees, and enhance the anti-fraud awareness of the public. Post-event management Senior citizens Promoting financial literacy BOC worked hard to effectively enhance financial literacy and educate financial consumers. In 2023, BOC conducted 75, 000 consumer protection awareness activities, which covered about 800 million consumers. The Bank innovated the regular education and publicity mechanism, extensively carried out education and publicity activities targeted at financial consumers, cited cases as a deterrent on its official website or WeChat official account, organised competitions to solicit news materials on consumer protection and creative works about financial education and publicity, and promptly updated the content in the financial literacy zone through various channels. Intensive financial literacy initiatives Regular financial literacy measures BOC Shanxi Branch 3. 15 Consumer Rights Protection Day, Financial Knowledge for the Benefit of All themed promotional event, in which sketch comedies are performed to disseminate financial knowledge to the public in an entertaining and easy-to-understand manner. BOC Sichuan Branch creates the first FinTech demonstration hall in the province, which is divided into eight areas, such as Intelligent Sensing BOC, e-CNY Innovation Application Laboratory, and Interactive Experience, to raise the sense of responsibility among consumers by combining finance with technology. BOC Anhui Branch builds a 150m2 financial education demonstration base, which uses all sorts of media technologies and means to make financial literacy a more attractive and appealing process. The first Blue Vest education demonstration base in the national banking industry is established by BOC Guangdong Branch to create immersive experiences at business halls on the theme of protecting seniors from financial fraud. Differentiated financial literacy efforts The Bank prioritised spreading the concept of rational investment, financial fraud prevention skills, and other areas of knowledge, and helped the elderly learn to use smart devices and mobile phone apps such as the mobile banking app. Its attentive financial services were effective in imparting financial knowledge to senior citizens and adapting them to digital life. BOC Consumer Finance, in cooperation with the Beijing Financial Street Service Bureau, Beijing Financial Street Sub-district, and other units, held the Fraud Fighter in the Community campaign to raise the awareness of anti-fraud among community residents through a variety of activities such as giving on-site lectures of anti-fraud knowledge, distributing anti-fraud pamphlets, and playing interactive games. Financial classes for people with disabilities were held at special education schools, which focused on disseminating knowledge of anti-counterfeiting, telecommunication & network fraud prevention, and other themes in an easy-to-understand approach to students with special needs who had limited contacts with other people and weak ability to identify false information, so as to better meet their financial needs. People with disabilities New citizens Rural residents Young people BOC Sichuan Branch launches the Financial Consumer Protection on Campus promotional activity, where flash mobs are invited to popularise financial knowledge through interesting interactions and performances. Through its close partnerships with universities and colleges, the Bank illustrated typical cases of illegal borrowing to students, disseminating financial knowledge such as personal credit records and rational consumption. The Bank started with imparting basic financial knowledge much needed by new citizens and recommending basic financial products and services to new citizens, in an effort to enhance financial convenience and accessibility. The Bank reminded new citizens of the common manifestations of illegal financial activities, the protection of personal financial information, and the importance of rational spending and rational borrowing & lending, so as to help them better identify and avoid illegal financial activities such as money laundering crimes. The Bank visited enterprises to carry out educational and promotional activities for employees who were new citizens, and created a live streaming channel on the theme of financial consumer protection, explaining general financial knowledge and support policies on inclusive lending, foreign exchange, and pension to employees and online consumers. In 2023, the Bank pursued the technology-empowering approach to upgrading its mobile banking service capacity. As at the end of 2023, personal mobile banking of the Bank had over 87. 76 million monthly active customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 15. 17, and the overseas version of personal mobile banking was available in 30 countries and regions worldwide and in 12 languages. Optimising the basic functions of mobile banking The time range of transaction bank statement printing was expanded; the function of expiration reminder was added to debit cards, which allowed replacement of cards upon appointment. The process of cross-border remittance was optimised so customers could calculate the exchange rate, handling fee, and other information on a pilot basis before initiating remittance transactions. New fund function zones such as fund selection, featured fixed investment, indices, and self-service toolbox were added to provide customers with more high-quality and efficient online fund selection tools. A Tibetan language version of mobile banking was launched to bridge the digital divide faced by customers in ethnic minority regions. The Beautiful Countryside feature was optimized, offering exclusive loan products for rural households and providing improved information services through the Rural Learning Center, thereby enhancing the customer experience in rural areas. Sharing digital value with society through mobile banking 83 82 The Bank rolled out the Silver Harbour service enhancement initiative to create age-friendly service outlets. Barrier-free ramps were built or relevant personnel were arranged to facilitate access of elderly customers to outlets; and staff members accompanied older customers while they were waiting in line and provided them with counselling and guidance. As at the end of 2023, all outlets of the Bank provided presbyopia glasses and courtesy seats and the Bank set up 853 age-friendly demonstration outlets. BOC Shanxi Branch provides one-to-one guidance and explanations about the use of smart counters for elderly customers. Creating and Sharing the Diverse Value of Charity The Bank has always regarded supporting public welfare undertakings and improving people's well-being as an essential part of fulfilling its social responsibilities. It actively leverages its global advantages and comprehensive strengths to engage in diverse public welfare practices worldwide through various means, such as implementing public welfare donation projects, establishing public welfare and charity platforms, and encouraging employees to actively participate in voluntary public welfare activities. The Bank created various scenarios where smart counters could be used for dealing with government affairs. As at the end of 2023, more than 1, 100 government affairs services were available over smart counters of more than 5, 300 outlets, covering the fields of social security, medical insurance, taxation, public security, justice, civil affairs, and provident fund, etc., thus saving people from running unnecessary errands with the help of data. In addition, the Bank increased the services related to innovative application of social security cards, creating a new ecosystem where social security cards could be used for the convenience and benefit of the public. Social security cards could be issued over smart counters directly and rapidly, giving customers a better experience. Meanwhile, the Bank optimised the process of social security card replacement, allowing users to replace their old card with a new one of the identical number instantly. It supported the issuance of social security cards added with transport functions in multiple places, a move to provide three-in-one services of social security, finance, and transport. As at the end of 2023, 122 million physical social security cards and 33. 91 million electronic social security cards were issued in total across the Bank. Conducting Charitable Donations In 2023, various branches and institutions of the Bank (excluding BOCHK) carried out more than 300 public welfare donation projects, covering areas such as rural revitalization, science and technology, education, and disaster relief, with total donations exceeding RMB94 million. In 2023, the Bank launched over 190 donation projects related to rural revitalization, actively leveraging the third-round distribution function of charitable donations, promoting the effective integration of poverty alleviation achievements with rural revitalization. For 21 consecutive years, the Bank has donated to and supported the Tan Kah Kee Science Award, honoring original scientific and technological achievements and talents in China. For the past decade, the Bank has backed the Xiamen University Teaching Excellence Award program. Over the past five years, it has supported the University of Science and Technology of China in attracting overseas high-end talents and developing key disciplines under the Double First-Class initiative. Additionally, for five consecutive years, the Bank has contributed to the Student Aid Program of the Chongqing University Education Development Foundation, actively supporting the construction of a powerful nation in science and technology, as well as in education. Embodying the spirit of lending a hand in times of need, in 2023, the Bank donated relief funds to the regions affected by severe rainstorms and floods in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, and Northeast China, as well as to the earthquake-stricken areas in Gansu, Qinghai, and Turkey. It has actively participated in and supported disaster relief and post-disaster reconstruction efforts in various forms. Concurrently, as a major commercial bank rooted in Hong Kong for over a century and an internationalized regional bank, BOCHK has actively contributed to the long-term development and prosperity of Hong Kong through charitable efforts over the years. In 2023, it collaborated with multiple charitable organizations, community partners, and universities to actively engage in public welfare practices across various domains, including poverty alleviation, youth development, environmental protection and carbon reduction, arts and culture, as well as innovation and technology. Invested RMB 80. 57 million of anti-poverty funding to the four counties of Xianyang, introduced RMB 7. 47 million of anti-poverty grant funding. Relying on the mechanism of forming pairs of investment invitation between branches and the four counties of Xianyang designated to receive assistance, the BOC e-Enterprise service platform, and the great opportunities brought about by the organisation of large-scale activities, the Bank effectively held investment invitation sessions to match the supply and demand of enterprises in the four counties of Xianyang. It attracted investment of RMB562 million in the four counties of Xianyang throughout 2023. The data above are available for the whole year of 2023.) Intensifying training for agriculture-related personnel Various on-site trainings such as a training course course for rural revitalisation leaders from Xianyang, including the four counties in the city, and a seminar on financial innovation and capital operation were held, with more than 3, 000 participants on site. Over ten video courses on the theme of rural revitalisation were developed, registering an attendance of 32, 000 persons throughout the year, who could be divided into three categories, that is, primary-level officials, rural revitalisation leaders, and technicians. Implementing free aid projects Actively providing assistance through consumptionStablising non-reimbursable inputs The No Relapse into Poverty insurance programme was continued to cover all 650, 000 rural residents in the four counties of Xianyang. Staff from overseas institutions of the Bank conducted the BOC Overseas Lectures programme for primary and secondary school teachers and students in the four counties of Xianyang, which registered an attendance of more than 1, 000 persons throughout the year. During the activity, it bought and sold agricultural and sideline products in these areas worth over RMB40 million. For the year as a whole, the agricultural products bought and sold on behalf by the Bank exceeded RMB215 million, of which products worth approx. RMB40 million came from the four counties of Xianyang. The Rural Revitalisation Forest public welfare project was carried out, in which all staff members of the Bank made donations of RMB787, 600 to co-plant 7, 705 apple trees in the four counties of Xianyang throughout the year, which effectively helped local orchardists increase the yield of fruits and income. The Charity China Consumption Assistance zone was added to the BOC Expresspay Micro-service WeChat official account, guiding cardholders to participate in the consumption assistance drive. Members of the support team in Changwu County helped local farmers harvest Xianyang Malan Red apples. Employees publicise and promote the agricultural products and supports from the four counties of Xianyang over the BOC Live Streaming Channel during the China International Import Expo. Diversifying public benefit practices Committed to developing finance for the common good, the Bank made the world a better place with its concrete efforts. In 2023, a total of over 700 volunteer service activities were carried out by the Communist of Youth League (CYL) organisations at all levels, involving a total of over 30, 000 CYL members, who served more than 528, 000 people in a total of nearly 20, 000 hours. Volunteers were organised to provide services for important events such as the China International Import Expo, China-ASEAN Exposition, and China International Fair for Trade in Services. Integrating the Concept of Public Welfare into Domestic Commercial Banking Operations The Bank promoted the innovative integration of finance and charity, created innovative service modes such as charitable trusts of mixed property and charitable trusts of reward point donations, and devoted trust property to many public welfare areas such as rural revitalisation, education, healthcare, and arts. As at the end of 2023, the Bank assisted clients in setting up over 50 charitable trusts to meet their individual charitable needs to facilitate the tertiary distribution. For the tenth consecutive year, the BOC Private Enjoyment Love-Spring Bud project, launched in cooperation with the China Children and Teenagers Fund as a public welfare platform for the Bank s customers and employees, has provided financial support for students in areas just shaking off poverty. As at the end of 2023, the project made donations of over RMB16 million to more than 4, 500 students to help them finish school. Young employees of the two branches spontaneously made donations to the disaster-stricken people. BOC Guangdong Branch arranged its young volunteers to visit Shantian Primary School at Luoping Town, where they helped improve the campus environment by donating books, repairing classrooms, and equipping additional broadcasting systems. BOC Tianjin Branch organised the BOC Ride on World Cycling Day activity, in which a cycling team comprising employees and cycling enthusiasts practised a healthy lifestyle with practical actions. BOC Sharing Station at Guangdong Branch To further practise the philosophy of finance for the people, the Bank in 2023 upgraded the BOC Public Service Corners originally set up in its business outlets into the BOC Sharing Stations. It joined hands with the All- China Federation of Trade Unions to build these service stations together for outdoor workers such as sanitation workers, taxi drivers, traffic police, couriers, and volunteers as well as new citizens. As at the end of 2023, 8, 888 BOC Sharing Stations were established in 37 provinces (municipalities directly under the Central Government and autonomous regions) across China. BOC Sharing Stations for the benefit of the public 89 88 BOC Fujian Branch carries out with other units the BOC in Action for a Greener World activity, at which employee volunteers use the mobile banking app to record their steps and exchange their online steps for trees planted offline. Promoting People-to-People Connections through Globalization As the most globalized Chinese bank, the Bank continuously enhanced the well-being of communities where it operates, organizing a series of local activities related to disaster relief, educational support, cultural exchanges, environmental protection, and more. After a hurricane hit the state of Guerrero, Mexico, BOC (Mexico) mobilized employees to donate food, sanitation supplies, and other urgently needed materials worth more than MXN20, 000 in the first place. As the president of the local association of Chinese- funded enterprises, it organised member units to make donations to the disaster-stricken areas. Through the Big Brothers Big Sisters of New York City BBBS of NYC career volunteer mentor programme, BOC New York Branch employees work one-on-one with local high school students from low-income families, providing them with academic, life, and career counselling. BOC (Central and Eastern Europe) organised teachers and students from the Hungarian-Chinese Bilingual School to attend the Chinese Bridge Confucius Classroom summer camp in China, which introduced Chinese history and culture to attendees, promoting international friendly exchanges. BOC (Macao) supported the organisation of the National Art Troupes Performance Season in Macao series of activities to strengthen communication and cooperation between the Chinese mainland and the Macao SAR in the field of culture and arts. BOC (Canada) employees devoted their spare time to planting trees in senior living communities, so as to create a beautiful and comfortable environment for elderly citizens there. For the ninth consecutive year, BOC London Branch participates in the City of London Charity Day activity, at which Chinese paintings and calligraphy works, traditional costumes, and handicrafts from the UK and the BRI participating countries are displayed and sold for charity to support the development and cultural integration of the local community. BOC Brussels Branch staff make donations in cash and in kind to the earthquake-stricken areas in Turkey and Syria. In 1973, it became the first Western symphony orchestra to perform in China after the establishment of the People's Republic of China. The orchestra's visit marked the beginning of Sino-US cultural exchange and has played a positive role in promoting the development of Sino-US relations over the past half century. Art transcends time and space, and becomes vibrant and enriched through exchanges and mutual learning. It is committed to being a financial envoy for cultural exchanges in the new journey. In 2023, the Bank, in collaboration with the China Foreign Cultural Exchange Association, supported a series of cultural exchange activities worldwide, striving to create a new situation of people-to-people exchanges, cultural integration, and mutual understanding among countries, and contributing to the creation of a beautiful world where different cultures coexist harmoniously. The 50 Years of Friendship Special Anniversary Concert of the Philadelphia Orchestra's 1973 China Tour takes place in Beijing with the support of the Bank. In January 2023, Happy Chinese New Year Global FestivalIn March 2023, Strings Resonating East and West - Chinese Ethnic Music ConcertIn April 2023, China-Egypt Ethnic Music Concert In July 2023, China-Foreign Youth Cultural Exchange CampAs a global strategic partner, the Bank supported the Happy Chinese New Year global event in 2023. This event featured nearly 500 square celebrations and Spring Festival cultural activities in over 100 countries and regions, with offline activities reaching nearly 20 million people and online and television programs reaching over 1 billion viewers. It allowed people around the world to share the joyous atmosphere of the Chinese New Year and experience the unique charm of Chinese traditional culture. The Bank supported the joint performance of the Central National Orchestra, Beijing Opera Theater, the Madrid Regional Symphony Orchestra, and Flamenco Band from Spain. Artists from both countries collaborated to perform new compositions that blended the characteristics of Chinese and Western music, such as Drunken Concubine, I Love You, China, Sunshine Forever Shining on Our Friendship, Spanish Bullfight, and Rose Tango, creating a unique and enchanting charm of unity. The Bank supported the joint performance of Chinese ethnic musicians from the Central National Orchestra and Egyptian ethnic musicians in the Giza Pyramids Historic Site in Cairo. They presented innovative and exquisite Chinese classics and original compositions, such as the erhu ensemble Horse Racing, the flower- drum lantern grand percussion Flower Umbrella and Orchid, and the chamber music Dunhuang, showcasing their craftsmanship and creativity. In May 2023, Tea and the World Elegant Gathering Event The Bank supported the Tea and the World Elegant Gathering event held globally, where more than 200 guests, including ambassadors and diplomats from various countries, representatives of international organizations, relevant government departments, local provincial governments, industry associations, and related companies, were invited to attend the opening ceremony. Through activities such as tea tasting, painting appreciation, flower viewing, fragrance smelling, and listening to the guqin, the guests had an immersive experience of the colorful Chinese tea culture. During the camp, Chinese and foreign youth visited the Palace Museum, the National Museum, Mutianyu Great Wall, and Lao She Teahouse. In November 2023, Cultural Silk Road Art Exhibition The Bank supported the Cultural Silk Road art exhibition held in Hangzhou, Huzhou, Shaoxing and other places in Zhejiang where 84 artists from 83 countries were invited to experience the beautiful scenery in China, appreciated the cultural heritage of China, engaged in extensive and in-depth exchanges with Chinese artists, aiming to carry out art collection and creation. The related creative works were showcased at the cultural Silk Road collection exhibition. Artworks from the Cultural Silk Road exhibitionChinese and foreign youth participate in cultural exchange activities. Chinese Ethnic Music Concert - East Meets West 95 94Relying on the BOC Philanthropy platform and the BOC Charity Foundation, the Bank explored combining finance, public welfare, and Internet to attain humanistic social development. The BOC Philanthropy platform cooperated with charity organisations across the country to promote fundraising projects for charity. In 2023, the platform attracted 67 social organisations as members and rolled out 124 fundraising activities, raising nearly RMB25 million from 778, 400 donations. As at the end of 2023, the platform established partnerships with 116 colleges and universities, and announced 291 online charitable fundraising activities in the fields of teaching and research, school construction, student training, faculty development, scholarships, and social practice of students, etc., channeling charitable resources available across society into campuses. Optimising the fundraising service experience A new version of the Campus Charity homepage went online, where a section titled Find Your Alma Mater section was added. The donation page exclusive to colleges and universities was created, where the name of the donation certificate could be customised, the time limit for online voucher application was extended, and the donor information forms supported customised collection. With the help of the platform, university foundations could better carry out public fundraising activities. Leveraging its diversified strengths, the Bank proactively assumed social responsibilities and actively encouraged its comprehensive operating companies to enrich and innovate public welfare practices. BOC Commerce carries out the Voice for Love, Dream for the Future volunteer service activity, collecting donations for a school for the deaf and accompanying children with special needs to play games and basketball, sending warmth and care to disadvantaged children. BOCG Investment joined hands with the Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon, a Hong Kong charity, to organise the Lok Sin Tong Charity Walk 2023 activity, during which the money of over HKD1 million was raised to provide local young people with a full range of services including school-based counselling, leadership training, and career planning to support their all-around development. The Bank cultivates a professional and competent talent pool to foster innovative drive among the employees. It proactively embraces the new wave of digital finance, leveraging enterprise-wide architecture building to facilitate the Group's digital transformation and provide robust support for reshaping the Group's technological innovation capabilities and business service capabilities. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Governance 97 96 99 98Party Building as A Guiding Beacon The year 2023 marked the beginning of fully implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress. Over the past year, under the resolute leadership of the CPC Central Committee, the newly appointed Party committee of the Bank has steadfastly embraced the guiding principles of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era. With a firm commitment to prioritize political development within the Party, the Bank has wholeheartedly implemented the core tenets of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. Furthermore, it reinforced the primary responsibility of Party committees at all levels to govern and uphold Party integrity, ensuring that the top leader assumes the foremost accountability, while all members of the leadership team fulfill their dual roles effectively. It continuously reinforces the Party's guidance while enhancing corporate governance, strengthening the Party Committee's pre-research and decision-making processes regarding significant operational and managerial issues, and ensuring a more effective role for the Party Committee in directing, supervising, and ensuring implementation. The Bank's Party Committee fully executes its primary responsibilities, regularly receiving reports on Party building work, and enhances organizational leadership effectively. It conscientiously implements the practice of discussing the first topic at Party Committee meetings and consistently follows up on the three ledgers to ensure the comprehensive implementation of the significant speeches, instructions, and decisions of General Secretary Xi Jinping and the CPC Central Committee throughout the Bank. The Bank reinforces its organizational structure and enhances the political and organizational functions of Party organizations at all levels. It firmly establishes the responsibility for Party building work at all levels and rigorously evaluates and assesses the performance of Party secretaries at every level in Party building. It comprehensively strengthens the assessment of Party building, evaluating the work and effectiveness of Party building across all units from various angles such as political, ideological, organizational, and disciplinary construction. It prioritizes primary-level Party building, continuously rectifying weak and lax primary-level Party organizations, and compiles and disseminates materials for primary-level Party organizations. It consolidates the construction of the Party member team, extensively engaging in activities such as learning from exemplary individuals around us and contributing to the work we do, vigorously selecting role models, and establishing a leading pattern of a thousand red flags and ten thousand pioneers. It advances the construction of Party-mass service centers and consistently promotes the deep integration of Party building and business operations. The Bank comprehensively strengthens ideological construction and remains committed to using Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era to nurture the spirit. Firmly conducting thematic education With unambiguous political stances, the Party Committee of the Bank has solidly launched education activities to study and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, in line with the unified plan of the CPC Central Committee. Fully capturing the general requirements to study the theories, strengthen Party spirit, stress practice and achieve new outcomes, the Bank has closely anchored the fundamental tasks and specific goals of the education activities, advanced key measures as a whole, and made remarkable progress in studying to bolster convictions, enrich wisdom, promote integrity and motivate actions. Primary-level Party organizations carry out extensive learning activities through three meetings and one lesson and themed Party days. The spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is incorporated as a compulsory course in Party schools at all levels and in all types of training courses, and the learning, publicity, and implementation of the spirit are being well implemented. Thoroughly studying and implementing the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference The Party Committee of the Bank promptly convened an enlarged meeting to convey and study the spirit of the conference, organizing comprehensive training for all domestic senior officers. After research, the Bank has established a 1 N work system to study, propagate, and implement the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference. In collaboration with the Xicheng District Committee of Beijing, it co-hosted the inaugural Financial Street Party Building Forum, aiming to consolidate regional party building efforts and leverage high-quality party building to guide and promote high-quality financial development in the new era. Enhancing Corporate Governance Efficiency The Bank sets outstanding corporate governance as a key objective, continuously refining the system of modern financial enterprise with Chinese characteristics. It rigorously adheres to capital market and industry regulatory rules, closely monitors international and domestic regulatory trends, actively explores and innovates corporate governance practices, and enhances the modernization level of corporate governance. It improves the corporate governance framework with the Shareholders' Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management as the main bodies, each with well-defined responsibility and authority and all operating smoothly. The special committees under the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors effectively fulfill their duties and operate actively and efficiently. Corporate governance structure Shareholders' Meeting Board of Directors Board of Supervisors Board Office Asset and Liability Management Committee FinTech Committee Green Finance CommitteeCentralised Procurement Management CommitteeDuty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Finance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Inclusive Finance Committee Digital Finance CommitteeSecurities Investment and Management Committee Pension Finance Committee Cross-border Finance CommitteeAsset Management Business Committee Consumer Protection CommitteeStrategic Development Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Audit Committee Risk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee Connected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management Committee Audit Department Board of Supervisors Office Risk Management and internal Control Committee Composition of the Board of Directors by age Age 60 and above Age between 55 and 60 Age below 5535. 7 35. 7 28. 6 Composition of the Board of Directors by nationality Directors from Mainland ChinaDirectors from other countries and regions Directors from Macau, Hong Kong, and Taiwan71. 4 14. 3 14. 3 Composition of the Board of Directors by title Independent directorsNon-executive directorsExecutive directors 42. 9 14 14 5 1 521. 4 35. 7 Work experience of member of the Board of Directors by industry Number of directors with work experience in finance Number of directors with work experience in economy Number of non-executive directors in the Audit Committee with knowledge of the financial industry Number of non-executive directors in the Audit Committee with accounting financial management expertise Number of non-executive directors with risk management expertise Senior Management (the Executive Committee) Anti-money Laundering Committee Asset Disposal Committee Credit Risk Management and Decision-making Committee Connected Transactions Office (Note The data above are available as at the end of 2023.) 103 102The Bank attaches great importance to and actively fulfills the decision-making and supervisory roles of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors in the fields of ESG, including green finance, inclusive finance, consumer rights protection, targeted assistance, and charity. It effectively enhances the level of ESG management. In 2023, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved the 2022 Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited (Environmental, Social, Governance), Business Plan of SME Services Department of Bank of China Limited for 2023, Summary of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection of Bank of China Limited for 2022 and Work Plan for 2023, Bank of China Limited Application for Special Amount of Targeted Assistance in External Donation and other proposals. It listened to the Report on the Development of Green Finance of Bank of China Limited in 2022 and the Report on the Supervision and Evaluation of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection of Bank of China Limited in 2022, and promoted the improvement of ESG management and performance at a higher level. In 2023, the Board of Supervisors of the Bank diligently fulfilled its duties, based on its functions of strategic oversight, performance evaluation, financial supervision, risk management, and internal control. The Board of Supervisors reviewed and approved the 2022 Social Responsibility Report of Bank of China Limited (Environmental, Social, Governance), and issued supervision and evaluation opinions on the performance of duties of the Board of Directors, the senior management and their members in 2022, the implementation of the Bank's strategy in 2022 and the performance of the bank in protection of consumers' rights and interests. The Bank's internal audit function serves as the third line of defence for comprehensive risk management by carrying out general audits and special audits to independently assess the appropriateness and effectiveness of the Group's governance, operations, risk management and internal controls. In 2023, the Bank's internal audit function adhered to the principle of risk orientation, focusing on significant risk vulnerabilities and weak links. Additionally, it implemented 32 special audit projects, including Follow-up Special Audit of Internet Loan Rectification, Special Audit of Telecommunications Network Fraud-related Accounts, and Special Audit of Consumer Rights Protection, providing audit recommendations, supervising audit rectification, and playing a forward-looking role in audits to support the Group's steady operation and achieve higher-quality development. In 2023, the Bank conducted a thorough review and revision of regulations related to the governance of overseas subsidiaries, strengthened the management of director and supervisor performance, held director and supervisor training sessions, and deepened their awareness of their roles. The Personnel and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank is responsible for reviewing and supervising the implementation of remuneration and incentive policies, deliberating remuneration distribution plans for senior management, deliberating senior management performance evaluation standards and conducting evaluations. Performance evaluation results for senior management and remuneration distribution plans must undergo corporate governance review procedures. ESG Performance and Supervision Audit and Supervision Governance of Comprehensive Operation Companies and Overseas Institutions Remuneration Policy for Executives Over 50 of the pre-tax annual salary for senior management is subject to delayed payment based on future annual performance. If risk exposures beyond normal limits occur within responsibilities during the stipulated period, part or all of the unpaid amount will not be paid. The variable remuneration of senior management is linked to the results of the Group's and individual's performance evaluations, with evaluation indicators including Remuneration clawback Remuneration linked to sustainable development indicators Quantitative evaluation indicators Business outcomes, risk prevention and control, development of inclusive finance, green finance, rural revitalization business lines Qualitative evaluation indicators Serving national strategies (including serving the real economy, protecting consumer rights, preventing financial risks), employee satisfaction, customer satisfaction 105 104The Bank strengthens its communication with investors and the market by means of performance roadshows, proactive visits, reception of visitors, and responding to investors' inquiries raised through multiple channels. Diversified communication methods Addressing market concerns, the Bank engages in in-depth communication and exchanges with domestic and foreign investors and international credit rating agencies regarding business performance, risk management, wealth finance, and ESG performance, explaining the Bank's high-quality development measures and achievements. The Bank's first green finance report (TCFD) received positive feedback from Fidelity International as a representative investor on the Bank's green finance development. Themed communication and exchangesThe Bank adheres to the disclosure principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, fairness, clarity, conciseness, and understandability. The Bank is dedicated to enhancing transparency, meeting investor needs, and proactively addressing market concerns to improve the relevance and effectiveness of its disclosures. For ten consecutive years, the Bank has been awarded the highest disclosure rating of A (Excellent) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange. As of the end of 2023, the Bank has distributed cash dividends to shareholders of A and H shares for 17 consecutive years, with total cash dividends exceeding RMB800 billion, far surpassing IPO and post-IPO equity financing amounts, ranking among the top listed companies domestically. Information Disclosure Shareholder DividendsThe Bank has established and keeps improving a three-level management system covering information disclosure policies, management measures and operation manuals, including regular reports and ad hoc reports, across multiple management dimensions such as branches and subsidiaries. The Bank follows strict requirements and pursues excellence, emphasizing key tasks such as serving national strategies, supporting the real economy, and facilitating high-level openness. The Bank prioritizes consistency and comparability in disclosed information to ensure the continuity of all metrics and data. Ensuring Compliance in Information Disclosure While fulfilling statutory disclosure obligations, the Bank actively explore best practices in voluntary disclosure, providing investors and readers with convenient access to information and effectively conveying investment value. Enriching Information Disclosure ContentEnhancing Investor Relations Management The Bank manages investor relations through multiple channels, platforms, and methods, emphasizing effective communication with investors, protecting investor rights to information and participation, and promoting corporate governance improvement. Questions are solicited before release meetings, and senior management engages in extensive exchanges with investors, analysts, and media reporters during the meetings to address social concerns and customer queries. Services such as video broadcasts and replays, live text broadcasts and interactions, and presentation material downloads are provided to ensure that investors fully understand the necessary information. Regular business results releases An investor service area is set up during shareholder meetings. The Bank actively provides information to small and medium shareholders, arranges for business departments and dedicated investor relations personnel to accompany them throughout the process, and promptly understands and addresses their demands. In 2023, 55 questions related to investor relations received through email were handled, 105 calls from the investor relations hotline were answered, and 13 investor questions were replied to through the Shanghai Stock Exchange E-Interactive Platform. Protection of rights for small and medium shareholdersThe Bank attaches great importance to communication with investors to enhance their understanding and recognition of the Group's business development and operating conditions. Investor Communication 105 104 107 106The Bank has established the Implementation Measures for Prudent Remuneration Management of Bank of China Limited and the Implementation Measures for Clawback of Performance Bonuses of Bank of China Limited, following the remuneration distribution principle of position-based salary, performance-based remuneration, and ensuring gender equality in employee remuneration by excluding gender factors in remuneration distribution. Employee remuneration consists of basic remuneration, performance-based remuneration, and benefits. Remuneration and Benefits Management It depends on the value of the position and the employee's performance ability. By stimulating the vitality of the talent pool, the Bank aims to harness its human resource advantage as an internal driving force for the Group's high-quality development. Safeguarding Employee Rights The recruitment of the Bank primarily focuses on campus recruitment, supplemented by social recruitment. In 2023, aligning with the employment priority strategy, the Bank duly expanded its campus recruitment efforts and collaborated with numerous domestic and international universities for recruitment drives. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, and the State Council's Provisions on the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labor. The Bank revises its employee recruitment management system, optimizes the recruitment process, improves the experience of job applicants, rigorously screens qualifications during recruitment, and prohibits illegal practices such as child labor and forced labor. The Bank is committed to creating an inclusive and equitable workplace, free from discrimination based on factors such as nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, gender, skin color, family background, or education. Recruitment ManagementIt depends on the performance evaluation results of the Group, the employee's institution or department, and the individual employee, and is linked to factors such as performance, risk, internal control, and capability. More than 40 of the performance pay of personnel responsible for major risks and risk control needs to be deferred, and the period of deferred payment is generally not less than three years. Performance-based Remuneration These mainly include social insurance, housing provident fund, enterprise annuity, and other non-cash benefits, managed in accordance with local regulatory policies in a lawful and compliant manner. This system is based on annual appraisals while also incorporating both long- and short- term assessments. It guides employees at all levels and positions to establish proper views on job performance, enhance their sense of identity with corporate culture, and improve their skills and overall competencies. Assessment results are provided to employees in an appropriate format and applied to aspects such as remuneration distribution, promotion, training and development, and commendation. The Bank integrates ESG factors into its employee performance appraisals. Appraisal indicators are tailored to specific roles and responsibilities, focusing on serving the real economy, developing inclusive finance, supporting private enterprises, promoting green finance, and protecting consumer rights and interests. The Bank also includes assessment demerit points for corruption, bribery, and other violations. The New Zealand branch has signed a long-term talent development cooperation agreement with the University of Auckland Business School, aiming to provide leadership training for employees and recruit high-quality talents through a graduate internship program. Facilitating Employee Development The Bank has implemented the 14th Five-Year Plan for Talent Development of Bank of China Limited and formulated the Management Measures for Employee Education and Training of Bank of China Limited, covering all employees, to further promote the scientific, institutionalized, and standardized development of employee education and training. The Bank vigorously cultivates professional and composite talents through various methods such as on-the-job practice, project exercises, professional training, and rotational assignments. It emphasizes both the globalization of dispatched talents and the localization of overseas talents, establishing comprehensive measures for the training of dispatched talents and local talents. Conducting Employee Training For newly recruited employees from the 2023 campus recruitment, President Liu Jin personally delivered the first lesson to over 10, 000 new employees across the Bank, inspiring them to fulfill the mission of serving the country through finance and grow into pillars of national development. Each institution implements tiered new employee onboarding training based on actual conditions, assisting new employees in transitioning from students in campus to workplace professionals and achieving a good start and long-term development in their careers. The Bank conducted the New Opportunities for High-level Opening-up of China's Capital Market in the New Era training session, focusing on serving the high-level opening-up of the capital market, enhancing the competitiveness and influence of Shanghai as an international financial center, and helping participants understand new policies for the opening-up of China's capital market and the Group's business development strategies. There moves were intended to better serve institutional opening-up in the financial field and promote cross-border investment and financing facilitation. This training aims to provide strong talent support for the management and development of its overseas institutions. Green finance The Bank organized a Green Finance Elite Talent Workshop to help relevant personnel enhance their capabilities in interpreting green finance policies, market analysis and judgment, and promoting key products, aiming to foster the development of green finance business. Additionally, a new Legal Consultation Q&A module has been established to provide employees with direct professional support on legal and compliance-related policies. By the end of 2023, leveraging the BOC Training Cloud platform, the Bank had conducted over 2, 000 live training sessions, with more than 9, 400 new courses added throughout the year, and an average daily active user count reaching 42, 000 person-times. Johannesburg Branch initiated a local talent pool development project within the year, establishing a talent management system that clarifies the selection for entry, cultivation within the pool, and evaluation for deployment out of the pool, ensuring an adequate supply of key talents. By leveraging data and information such as employee resumes, performance, and 360-degree assessment results, the branch establishes a scientific and effective talent database and scoring model to provide objective criteria for talent pool admissions. It develops targeted and effective training courses for various talents in the pool, with capability enhancement plans set up for the first group of employees entered into the pool. Managing the talent pool in a dynamic manner, the branch regularly assesses the performance and potential of its members, ensuring the quality and effectiveness of talent cultivation. In alignment with strategic development needs, the Bank actively conducts employee education and training, organizes professional certification across various disciplines to comprehensively strengthen the competency and quality of professional talents and systematically enhance job competency. By optimizing sequence settings, refining job positions and ranks, implementing point-based promotions, clarifying transfer and reassignment rules, and reinforcing qualification requirements, the Bank has opened up clear pathways for the development of professional talents. Enhancing Professional CompetenceInclusive finance The Bank conducted training sessions such as rural revitalization business training, Huiruyuan Backbone Talent Training, Huiruyuan Leadership Talent Training, Inclusive Business Line Risk Management and Credit Policy Training, and Specialized Training on Inclusiveness-featured Outlet Construction, promoting the replication and promotion of advanced experiences and strengthening the team building of professional personnel in inclusive finance. Pension finance The Bank held a Pension Finance Business Development Seminar, where relevant personnel were organized to analyze business pain points and challenges. Measures for optimization and improvement were formulated and implemented to advance the pension finance sector. Digital finance The Bank held eight sessions of the Digital Finance Academy, inviting experts in digital finance to give public lectures on topics such as digital payments and cloud computing, aiming to promote the Group's digital transformation and high-quality development. BOC Insurance holds March 8th Women's Day Handmade Flower Experience Activity. For employees who resign, the Bank has established a three-level talk retention mechanism to listen to and act upon their feedback and suggestions. It monitors the turnover rates of its institutions quarterly, setting warning standards for high turnover rates or significant fluctuations, prompting institutions to analyze, research, and devise improvement measures in a timely manner. The Bank promotes a compassionate mutual aid plan for its employees. By the end of 2023, 9 branches and comprehensive operation companies had established mutual aid plan management committees, formulating management regulations and raising RMB12. 6 million through union funds, welfare funds, or other channels to assist employees facing difficulties due to severe illness, natural disasters, or accidents. The Bank organizes consolation activities. It organizes popular cultural and sports activities such as volleyball, table tennis, and bridge to enrich employees' cultural and spiritual lives. Innovating childcare for employees' children, the Bank held volunteer performance and charity sale activities during the summer with the theme Little Hands, Big Strength; Young Hearts, Bright Hope, addressing the challenge employees face in balancing work and childcare. Employee Turnover ManagementAssisting Employees in Need Focusing on Work-Life Balance Caring for Employee Health Strictly adhering to national laws and regulations, the Bank fully contributes to social security and housing funds for its employees and provides major illness insurance and annual physical exams, earnestly protecting their physical and mental health. The Bank provides various types of leave, such as maternity leave, breastfeeding leave, and parental leave, for female employees during pregnancy, postpartum, and breastfeeding periods. Implementing a Special Collective Contract for the Protection of Women Employees' Rights, the Bank has completed the signing and filing of this contract at the Head Office level and distributes sanitary products to female employees, strengthening the protection of their legal and special rights. Caring for Female Employees BOC Anhui Branch hosts the 3rd Happy Work, Healthy Life Employee Sports Meeting. BOC Russia celebrates its 30th anniversary with a commendation meeting, honoring employees who have worked for over 20 years. BOC Insurance organizes a family day event for employees. Lisbon Branch enhances team belonging and cohesion by hosting employee birthday parties and organizing participation in marathon health runs. Panama Branch's outdoor team building for employees 1 2 34 5The Bank advocates and encourages self-directed learning among its employees, providing necessary resources and financial support for their after-hours studies. Utilizing online platforms for the online procurement of books and materials, the Bank has reviewed and standardized the full reimbursement of professional certification fees within the year, covering fields such as finance, accounting, risk compliance, information technology, general management, foreign languages, and more. It is committed to enhancing value creation, accelerating digital transformation and innovation, and fostering the integration and mutual promotion of business models, technological capabilities, and data elements. This effort continuously improves the efficiency of financial services and supports the high-quality development of the real economy. Consolidating the Support of Technological Foundation The Bank implements the East Data West Computing strategy, speeding up the construction of multi-location, multi-center information infrastructure. The first phase of the Inner Mongolia and Linger Financial Technology Park has been completed, providing the capacity to deploy 30, 000 servers; the second phase of the Hefei Park has commenced, with the total number of cloud platform servers reaching 26, 500. The Bank continuously strengthens the safeguarding of work safety, with no major safety incidents occurring throughout the year. It advances special actions to enhance cybersecurity, ensuring the effective operation of the Group's Network Security Operations Center (SOC), with no major cybersecurity incidents occurring throughout the year, safeguarding the stable and robust development of the Group's business. The Bank has upgraded and reshaped independently developed foundational technology platforms such as Honghu, Xinghan, Hanhai, and Fuyao, continuously enhancing its service capabilities for the construction of new digital infrastructure. Xinghan Big Data Basic Technology PlatformProvides technical capabilities in four major areas under distributed architecture technology governance, runtime transaction scheduling and processing, distributed application development, and distributed application operation and maintenance. Hanhai Mobile Development Platform Focuses on software development integration, application delivery, artifact management, and quality visualization, strengthening the building of software development, testing, and operational service capabilities, and promoting the improvement of software process quality and efficiency. This includes establishing an enterprise-level data dictionary management service system, embedding data standards throughout the entire life cycle from demand generation, development, production, to data analysis application, and forming an accurate, visualized digital asset map to support data analysis applications and value creation. The Bank's digital asset management, operation, and service efforts have been certified by the ISO9001 quality management system. The Bank continuously iterated and optimized the domestic corporate online banking, rapidly growing the customer base, while maintaining a leading position among Chinese peers in terms of overseas corporate online banking coverage. Personal banking The Bank improved the mobile banking service experience by launching a new overseas mobile banking version and enhancing the digital wealth management capabilities. By the end of 2023, the number of monthly active mobile banking customers reached 87. 76 million, and the transaction amount reached RMB54. 88 trillion, up 17. 46 year-on-year. Financial market The Bank solidified its data foundation, enriched trading strategies, further optimized quantitative trading platform functions, and effectively enhanced its trading capabilities. Actively integrating into industrial ecology The Bank advanced the open banking initiative for corporate customers, launching the BOC Enterprise Cloud Direct brand. It optimized and upgraded the BOC Enterprise e-Butler one-stop digital service platform for enterprises, enabling them to improve internal management efficiency. The Bank upgraded the corporate treasury management system to support state-owned enterprise treasury reform. It facilitated information exchange between governments, industrial parks, enterprises and banks, achieving end-to-end digitalization of client acquisition, batch lending and post-lending processes, creating a new financial ecosystem for industrial parks. For the elderly customer segment, the Bank optimized the experience of personal pension account opening, contribution and asset management functions, bridging the digital divide and enhancing the accessibility of financial services. Steadily promoting the innovative application of digital RMB The Bank continuously expanded into scenarios such as rail transit, retail, and elderly care, providing inclusive, convenient and efficient payment experiences. Focusing on public service industries like government affairs, housing, and power, the Bank enhanced its digital capabilities. The Bank launched the Settlement Channel digital RMB settlement service with the Shanghai Clearing House for bulk commodity transactions, resolving the pain point of delayed transactions. Leveraging the advantages of low threshold and high efficiency, the Bank introduced the BAMBOO digital RMB service brand for inbound tourists. The Bank launched a new version of overseas mobile banking, comprehensively enhancing the experience for overseas customers. By the end of 2023, the corporate online banking of the Bank covered 56 countries and regions, supporting 14 major languages, while the overseas personal mobile banking covered 30 countries and regions globally, providing services in 12 languages. Insisting on fintech innovation Leveraging enterprise-level technological capabilities, the Bank drives the application of cutting-edge technologies, exploring nearly 20 frontier technologies such as quantum computing, the metaverse, and large language models, enhancing its technological prowess. Mature technologies with extensive business application scenarios, including optical character recognition (OCR) and robotic process automation (RPA), have been promoted and applied in over 1, 800 scenarios across the Head Office and branches. The Bank promoted the pilot application of computer vision technology in scenarios such as intelligent security and outlet operations, and explored the application of large model technology in internal knowledge services, coding assistance, and other scenarios. In 2023, 5 of the Bank's achievements were shortlisted for the People's Bank of China's Fintech Development Awards. Throughout the year, the Bank filed 4, 122 new patent applications and was granted 1, 029 new patents. This foundation supports the rapid assembly of new similar products, enabling more flexible assembly and personalized customization of products. This enhancement boosts the capacity for concurrent transaction processing and complex analytical queries, improves the accuracy and timeliness of regulatory reporting, and meets the multi- dimensional and highly timely AML business requirements of the digital age. With customers The Bank has reshaped and upgraded the architectures and services of two basic personal financial businesses, debit and credit cards, migrating a total of 1. 05 billion bank cards. This migration fully transitions all product, feature, and customer data to new line operations, further enriching digital card issuance channels and scenarios for debit and credit cards, providing differentiated card services, and expanding services to international networks like VISA and MasterCard. The Bank has completed the architecture reshaping and service upgrades for basic financial products such as pensions and bills, offering customers a richer, safer, and more comfortable financial product and service experience. Comprehensive Risk Management System The Bank has implemented a risk management system that aligns with the Group's strategy. It continuously refines its risk governance structure, optimizes the closed-loop risk management process, and conducts regular investigations into major potential risks. Additionally, it actively prepares for the implementation of Basel III. The Bank clearly delineates the roles and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, senior management, and business departments in risk management. The Bank places great importance on comprehensive risk management and the cultivation of risk management professionals, has developed a series of comprehensive risk management textbooks and defined the norms for comprehensive risk management duties. This includes two annual advanced workshops and regular training sessions throughout the year. These programs target risk management leaders across domestic and international branches, ensuring the effective dissemination of comprehensive risk management principles. Ultimately, this initiative aims to equip employees at all levels with the necessary skills and knowledge to strengthen the Bank's risk management and response capabilities. The business departments, as the first line, bear direct responsibility for risk management. The second line is responsible for formulating comprehensive risk management policies, main risk management systems, and processes, and it oversees and manages risks, guiding, training, and supervising the first line to achieve full coverage of risk management. The third line independently supervises the performance of business and risk management departments, focusing on significant risks and weaknesses, conducting orderly audit inspections, and assisting the first and second lines in enhancing their risk prevention and resolution capabilities. Risk Management Framework Risk Culture BuildingRisk Management Mechanisms Assumes ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, and authorizes the Risk Policy Committee and Audit Committee under the Board to perform some comprehensive risk management duties. The Risk Policy Committee of the Board of Directors reviews risk management strategy, major risk management policies, and risk management procedures and systems, offering suggestions to the Board. It oversees the risks associated with the Bank's operations in the US through the US Risk and Management Committee. The Risk Management and Internal Control Committee is responsible for implementing and executing the overall risk strategy and risk appetite set by the Board of Directors, promoting the construction of a comprehensive risk management system, coordinating the management of all types of risks, reviewing and approving important policies and systems related to risk management and internal control. Other business committees regularly review risk reports to strengthen the upward reporting and implementation of risk management decisions at the business line level. The President oversees risk management and internal control, and supervises the Risk Management Department and other relevant departments. The Chief Risk Officer assists the President in overseeing risk management and internal control, and reports to the President. Senior ManagementRisk Appetite The Bank establishes risk appetites that are aligned with strategic objectives, operational plans, capital planning, performance evaluation, and remuneration mechanisms, adjusting these appetites annually. In the 2023 risk appetite review, the Bank strengthened the alignment of risk appetites with the Group's strategy, expanded the coverage and refinement of risk appetites, and enhanced the management and control of risks in non-traditional areas. Management Policies The Bank revised the Bank of China Limited Comprehensive Risk Management Policy to coordinate the prevention of traditional and non-traditional risks better, supporting high-quality development. The term Environmental and Social Risks was updated to Environmental (Climate), Social, and Governance Risks. It has completed macroscopic scenario stress tests for climate risks, banking industry stress tests, and internal capital adequacy assessment procedure stress tests, promptly formulating fallback plans. A cross-border team of experts, led by the Chief Risk Officer, was established to regularly assess the international financial market situation and its impact on the Bank and the domestic financial system. In coordination with its New York, Hong Kong, and Geneva branches, a 24 7 global financial market monitoring mechanism has been established. Risk assessmentPlan management Risk disposalResolution and recoveryRisk investigationMonitoring and early warning Response plan and fallback planPre-resolutionPost-evaluationPost- evaluationStress testing Trigger reportClosed-loop management mechanism for risk assessment and investigationClosed-loop management mechanism for risk emergency responseDeepening Comprehensive Risk Management The Bank remains firmly focused on the perpetual theme of risk prevention and control, adhering to bottom-line and extreme-case thinking, enhancing the awareness of potential crises, and continuously building a comprehensive risk management system. It accelerates the digital transformation of risk management, improves the capabilities of risk prevention, response, and resolution, thereby solidifying the risk defence line. The Bank continuously optimized the green credit standard system, gradually improving the accuracy of environmental benefit calculation for green credit, and enhancing the quality of basic data for green credit. These efforts provide strong support for the development of green financial business. The Bank strengthened the application of cutting-edge technologies such as graph computing and machine learning, creating intelligent risk control functionalities such as multidimensional query of knowledge graphs, technology finance risk zones, risk blacklists and greylists, supply chain risk graphs, enhancing the capabilities of early identification, early warning, early exposure, and early disposal of risks. Data SystemsThe Bank developed early warning models for urban investment entities, small and medium-sized financial institutions, to assist in the establishment of mechanisms for early correction of financial risks. For overseas institutions, the Bank developed an internal evaluation model for default probability, covering large enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, and special purpose vehicles, to help improve approval efficiency and quality. The Bank optimized retail individual housing loan scorecard models, applied them to loan approval, post-loan monitoring, and other risk control processes, providing model support for the high-quality development of consumer finance business. ModelsStrict Adherence to Bottom Line of Internal Control and Compliance The Bank solidifies the foundation of internal control and compliance management, enhances behavioral management of employees, optimizes anti-money laundering and sanctions compliance mechanisms, conducts compliance education to enhance the sense of responsibility among all staff, and provides robust safeguards for promoting the stable operation of the Group. Employee Behavior Management The Bank requires employees to adhere to business ethics, as specified in the Employee Violation Handling Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), which outlines procedures and measures for dealing with violations related to financial and accounting management, business management, professional ethics, confidentiality and information disclosure, anti-money laundering, legal and compliance risk management, among others. The Bank conducts annual assessments of employee behavior, analyzes management effectiveness and identifies issues, and formulates subsequent work plans accordingly. In 2023, the Board of Directors and senior management of the Bank reviewed and approved the E mployee Behavior Management Assessment Report for 2022. Senior Management The Bank formulated the E mployee Complaint Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), allowing complainants to submit an Application for Complaint to the Secretariat of the Accountability Committee for review of outcomes such as criticism and education, reduction of performance pay, disciplinary action, in accordance with internal management regulations. Employee Complaint Management 121 120Business Ethics Audit The external auditors focused on the implementation of the employee code of conduct and business ethics related system, reviewed the rules and regulations related to employee code of conduct and business ethics, understood relevant control processes, and implemented relevant control testing procedures. It verifies customer identities through reliable and independently sourced documents, data, and information to understand the purposes and nature of the customers' business relationships. Senior management authorizes the Anti-Money Laundering Committee under the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee to fulfill the responsibility of coordinating Group-level money laundering risk management. For the Board of directors, the Board of Supervisors, and senior management The Bank has completed two training sessions on anti-money laundering throughout the year, covering the analysis of anti-money laundering regulations and policies, the domestic and international situation of anti-money laundering, international assessment trends, regulatory requirements for financial institutions' money laundering risk management, the latest global sanctions, and best practices in the compliance field of industry sanctions. For all employees The Bank provides training on anti-money laundering, terrorist financing, and international sanctions compliance through various forms such as online courses, live webcasts, and on-site training. By the end of 2023, the BOC training cloud platform had launched over 200 training courses on anti-money laundering, with more than 2. 2 million cumulative views. Internal TrainingThe Bank includes the system of internal control and compliance management, employee code of conduct, and business ethics system and its implementation in routine and special internal audits each year, covering ethical risks and employee misconduct, among other content. In 2023, the Bank focused on auditing personal loans, personal deposits and credit cards, and monitored whether employees engaged in illegal activities such as profiting from their positions, participating in private lending, engaging in business enterprises, and having abnormal dealings with credit customers. It has also improved the quality of anti-money laundering monitoring data, optimized suspicious transaction monitoring models, and strengthened the investigation and control of high-risk areas of money laundering, continuously submitting high-value suspicious transaction reports. Risk Monitoring, Analysis and Assessment Anti-Money Laundering Management The Bank has established a well-organized, structurally sound, and clearly defined anti-money laundering risk governance framework, leveraging the leadership of the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management to consolidate the three lines of defence against money laundering and effectively synergize anti-money laundering efforts. Business departments serve as the first line of defence against money laundering, responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring, mitigating, and reporting line-based money laundering risks. The legal and compliance department serves as the second line of defence, responsible for establishing and implementing risk management policies, systems, and procedures, overseeing the operation of the anti-money laundering risk management system. The audit department serves as the third line of defence, responsible for independently evaluating the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering risk management system. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing of Financial Institutions, and the Measures for the Administration of Anti- Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing of Banking Financial Institutions, among other regulations. It also fully refers to the standards and requirements of international organizations such as the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and advanced practices in the industry, to formulate the Bank of China Limited Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorist Financing, and Sanctions Compliance Policy applicable globally within the Group, ensuring uniform anti-money laundering standards across domestic and overseas institutions. In addition, the Bank has formed an anti-money laundering system based on the Bank of China Limited Compliance Policy for Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions, which covers money laundering risk assessment, customer due diligence, sanctions compliance, preservation of customer identity information and transaction record, large and suspicious transaction reporting, anti-money laundering training, reward for reporting and information confidentiality. The Bank significantly strengthens risk assessment, due diligence, training, and other related work to enhance the effectiveness of anti-money laundering management. Johannesburg Branch conducts internal compliance training, enhancing employees' compliance awareness and risk prevention capabilities through game-based quizzes and interactions. ESG Key Performance Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominatedNote (RMB100 million)31, 067 19, 872 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )56. 34 41. 08 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)5, 554 4, 539 The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)474 877 Investment scale of green bonds at home and abroad (RMB100 million) 1, 000 1, 000Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 CO2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)68, 712 20, 410 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)1, 729 3, 909 Water conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8, 200 20, 969 Standard coal conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)42, 845 8, 920 COD emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)34 63 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8 20 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)2, 064 4, 326Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e)1, 594, 093 1, 537, 546 1, 534, 060 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 184, 740 74, 899 79, 309 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 21, 509, 353 1, 462, 647 1, 454, 751 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 3-Waste paper4, 052 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 3-Food and catering wastes2, 414 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO2e FTE) within Scope 1 and Scope 25. 02 5. 02 4. 99Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 764, 254 2, 688, 308 2, 754, 463 Energy consumption per FTE (MWh)8. 71 8. 78 8. 95 Direct energy consumption Gasoline consumption (ton)12, 789 11, 049 12, 400 Diesel oil consumption (ton)583 540 463 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m3)1, 827 1, 763 1, 779 Indirect energy consumption Electrical power consumption (MWh)1, 889, 562 1, 809, 260 1, 785, 869 Heat consumption (MkJ)1, 840, 309 1, 955, 218 2, 214, 424Environmental Performance Green financial development Environmental Benefits of Green CreditEnergy Management Greenhouse Gas Emission Management Proportion of credits to brown industries in corporate loans The Bank has continuously optimized the structure of the brown industries, promoting capacity replacement, green transformation, and technological upgrades. It guides resources towards areas with advanced production capacities, reduced per unit energy consumption, technological and renovation upgrades, and those that are safe, green, intelligent, efficient, and ensure energy supply. In 2023, the brown credit balance of the Bank's domestic corporate business accounted for less than 10 of the total loan balance. The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China and Energy Conservation Management Measures for Key Energy-Consuming Organizations, actively implementing energy-saving measures to reduce energy consumption. Due to the addition of power distribution capacity enhancement equipment in the Heishanhu office area and information processing equipment in the Haiying office area, the annual energy consumption of the Head Office increased compared to the previous year but did not exceed the quota set by Beijing. Proportion of loans to other industries in corporate credit exceeded 90 Proportion of loans to brown Industries in corporate credit fell below 10 Chemical engineering Non-ferrous metal smelting Civil aviation Cement Thermal power Coal Petrochemical engineering Paper-making Iron & steel Note 1 The data covered the Group. Note 2 9 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and other types of energy by the canteens in office places, electric power by office buildings and the Data Centre, and heat by office places in the northern region. These emissions primarily come from the use of energy, encompassing both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from the combustion of fossil fuels such as gasoline, diesel, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal, and coke. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions associated with the consumption of electricity and heat. Scope 3 emissions include indirect emissions from the disposal of waste paper and food and catering waste. After verification, the Head Office had a surplus carbon emission rights quota of 2, 767 tons for the year. Waste gas management Waste managementThe Bank rigorously adheres to the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, Beijing Municipal Air Pollution Control Regulations, Emission Standards for Pollutants from the Catering Industry, and Emission Standards for Pollutants from Boilers, managing emissions of air pollutants from the Head Office. These pollutants include kitchen fumes, particulate matter, non-methane total hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide. It upgraded and retrofitted kitchen exhaust purification systems in several office areas and installed some online monitoring devices for kitchen fumes to ensure compliance with regulations. The Bank strictly abides by the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, Implementation Plan for Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in Office Areas of Central and State Organs, and Notice on Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in Office Areas of Central and State Organs in 2018, implementing waste classification and reduction management. In terms of waste classification, a waste classification supervisor system is implemented, with supervisors appointed by floor, inspectors by the property management company, and patrollers by the General Affairs Department, the main department responsible for green operations, to supervise and inspect waste classification on each floor. Harmless waste is disposed of by qualified recycling companies, and hazardous waste is treated harmlessly by qualified disposal contractors. In terms of waste reduction, buildings such as the Head Office where conditions allow, have installed kitchen waste reduction treatment equipment. Water resource use The Bank strictly follows the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Ordinance on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Measures for the Administration of Drainage and Water Recycling in Beijing, and the Integrated Water Pollutants Discharge Standards, strictly managing kitchen waste grease in the Head Office. For the year, based on the Water Use Target Notice from the Beijing Water Saving and Use Management Center, bimonthly water use targets were set and analyzed monthly. In the Head Office buildings, grease traps were replaced and upgraded, and new water- saving sanitary fixtures were adopted. As of the end of 2023, the Bank did not encounter any issues in obtaining applicable water sources. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total water consumption (m3)13, 533, 157 13, 535, 554 13, 618, 321 Total cycling use of water (m3)180, 964 149, 834 141, 122 Water consumption per FTE (m3)42. 65 44. 20 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)660 1, 296 1, 228 Discharge of nonhazardous waste (tons)40, 433 44, 419 44, 542 Hazardous waste consumption per FTE (tons)0. 016 Non-hazardous waste consumption per FTE (tons)0. 127 Note The data covered the Group. Materials and packing Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Office paper consumptionNote 1 (tons)8, 261 12, 115 12, 211 Paper conservationNote 1 (tons)3, 954 96 -59 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops Note 2(tons)63. 81 70. 73 88. 14 Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million) Note23. 84 3. 70 3. 96 Note 1 The data of office paper consumption and paper conservation covered the Group. The paper saved from electronic credit card statements for 2022 was adjusted from number of statement pages to number of statement copies to align with the data collection methods of 2023 and 2021. Note 1 Government-sponsored student loans refer to unsecured loans granted to students from poor families in universities and colleges directly under the State Council ministries commissions and local governments as well as from other regions in payment for their study, accommodation and living costs at school. Note 2 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management refers to the number of personal accounts with the Bank serving as the manager of the enterprise annuity accounts. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 New loans issued in transportation sectors (RMB100 million)5, 198 4, 834 4, 686 Balance of loans to the education industry (RMB100 million)711. 57 622. 37 351. 16 Balance of loans to medical and health services (RMB100 million)666. 80 616. 40 468. 30 Balance of loans to support marine economy (RMB100 million)1, 846 1, 010 708 Balance of government- sponsored student loans Note 1 (RMB100 million)28. 10 23. 17 21. 39 Amount of government- sponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB100 million)267. 73 257. 46 250. 72 Amount of pension funds in the Bank's custody (RMB100 million)2, 098. 86 1, 702. 43 1, 415. 45 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank's management Note 2 (10, 000 accounts)412. 37 389. 87 367. 59 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB100 million)9, 923. 90 9, 066. 02 7, 835. 02Social Performance Supporting social development Customer Debt ManagementProduct Management The Bank offers a diverse range of loan modification solutions to support its customers. It recently revised the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Restructuring of Consumer Loans, streamlining the criteria and tailoring solutions to individual circumstances to ensure wider applicability. For credit card customers, the Bank offers personalized installment plans. Through a comprehensive understanding of their financial situation and repayment capacity, the Bank creates customized plans with interest rates and repayment periods that align with their specific needs, easing the burden of full repayment. In 2023, the Bank successfully processed 42, 900 personalized installment transactions, totaling RMB1, 843 million. It developed the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Collection of Overdue Credit Card Accounts (Version 2022) and revised the Bank of China Limited Outsourcing Management Measures for Collection of Overdue Credit Card Accounts (Version 2023). For customers facing temporary hardship due to unforeseen events like floods or earthquakes, the Bank offers a grace period on loan repayments. Additionally, the Bank strictly regulates outsourced collection services by establishing a unified selection database for service providers. In 2023, the Head Office conducted four business training sessions for collection personnel across the Bank, covering topics like business development, policy interpretation, consumer protection requirements, business operation requirements, and case study analysis. Marketing and Promotion The Bank strictly complies with the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, has formulated the Bank of China Limited Consumer Rights Protection Policy, Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Consumer Rights Protection and B ank of China Limited Management Guidelines for Financial Marketing and Promotion to Consumers, among other documents, incorporating marketing and promotion into the scope of consumer rights protection review. In 2023, in light of key complaints and public opinion concerns, the Bank focused on improving marketing publicity review guidelines to further standardize marketing communications. A regular marketing communications monitoring mechanism was established to systematically review and update oversight guidelines on a quarterly basis. Self-inspections and monitoring of financial marketing communications were carried out across all channels every quarter. Timely rectifications were made to any marketing content that violated consumer rights protection laws and regulations. The Bank's Board of Directors is responsible for approving the internal approval process for developing new products and making major changes to existing products, and for supervising the senior management's fulfillment of product management responsibilities. The senior management is responsible for implementing the resolutions and decisions of the Board of Directors and the executive committee related to product management; establishing a product management system commensurate with the Bank's organizational structure and business scale, improving product management decision-making and execution mechanisms, clarifying the responsibilities of relevant departments and branches, and effectively promoting related work; reviewing the launch and exit of new products in accordance with the tiered decision-making mechanism for new product management; regularly listening to reports on the progress of new product development; reviewing major matters concerning product management and product risk management; and coordinating and resolving major cross-department and cross-business line product management matters. The Bank attaches importance to the management and review of both proprietary and agency products. For proprietary products, the Bank has formulated the Administrative Measures on Product Management of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), and in accordance with the principles of full life cycle management, collaborative three lines of defence management, controllable risks, and differentiated management, it has clarified management requirements for stages including new product launch, product duration, product discontinuation and exit. Last year, the Bank completed post-evaluations on 8 new products launched during 2020-2021, re-inspections on existing products during 2022-2023, and the exiting of inefficient products. For agency products, the Bank revised the Administrative Measures on Agency Product Management of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) to clarify management requirements for stages including product launch, sales, complaint and contingency handling, information disclosure and customer information protection, post-evaluation and accountability for agency products. Last year, the Bank completed re-inspections on the systems regarding agency business and compliance inspections on agency operations. The Bank strengthens product risk management to ensure controllable product risks. It regularly evaluated and monitored risks of new products and existing products, strengthened proactive monitoring and early warning and product risk control, and enhanced the quality and efficiency of product risk management. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Donations (RMB1 million)94. 54 89. 09 98. 54 Volunteer activity hours (10, 000 hours)1. 98 2. 20 1. 40 Number of environmental public welfare activities organized or participated in167 249 156 Number of employees participating in environmental public welfare activities 7, 862 8, 933 9, 800Contributing to Public Welfare Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public (10, 000)7. 56 5. 59 5. 97 Number of people receiving financial education (10, 000)88, 899 73, 744 56, 295 Number of customers receiving anti- counterfeit money education (10, 000)806 747 1, 225 Clicks on online anti- counterfeit currency education events (10, 000 times)533 303 277 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000)27. 6 18. 2 14. 8 Customer complaints settled (10, 000)27. 6 18. 2 14. 8 Ratio of customer complaints closed ( )100 100 100 Main categories of complaints in 2023Main regions of complaints in 2023 Credit card business complaints, accounting for 37. 9; debit card business complaints, accounting for 26. 3; and loan business complaints, accounting for 20. 9. Together, these three categories represented 85. 1 of all complaints. Consumer Rights Protection Consumer complaint management 129 128Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of mobile banking customers (100 million)2. 75 2. 54 2. 35 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB1 trillion)54. 88 46. 73 39. 38 Number of monthly active users of the Mobile Banking app (10, 000)8, 776. 27 7, 620. 15 7, 104. 41 Number of operating outlets in the mainland10, 299 10, 312 10, 382 Number of intelligent outlets10, 299 10, 312 10, 382 Number of ATMs 22, 852 25, 166 27, 729 Number of smart counters33, 871 33, 089 32, 367 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tablet- version smart counters16, 073 13, 793 10, 853 Number of outlets in national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties Note46 37 34 Number of county-level outlets2, 979 2, 948 2, 934 Coverage ratio of county-level institutions ( )64. 63 63. 13 62. 52Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of employees 306, 931 306, 182 306, 322 Number of employees divided by gender Number of male employees131, 776 131, 164 131, 387 Number of female employees175, 155 175, 018 174, 935 Number of employees divided by age Number of employees aged 30 and below71, 733 68, 054 66, 995 Number of employees aged 31-50173, 843 179, 513 185, 917 Number of employees aged at and above 5161, 355 58, 615 53, 410 Number of employees divided by region Number of employees in the Chinese mainland281, 827 281, 793 280, 908 Number of expatriates 2, 082 2, 038 2, 051 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan18, 807 18, 439 19, 445Service Channels Structure of Human Resources Strengthening Protection of Information of Personal Customers The Bank strictly adheres to the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant regulations. It has formulated the Bank of China Limited Management Measures for Protection of Personal Customer Information and the Bank of China Limited Emergency Plan for Security Incidents of Personal Customer Information, which are applicable to the Head Office, domestic branches, and domestic comprehensive operation companies. The Bank also requires its overseas institutions to establish personal customer information protection systems in accordance with the regulations of their respective countries and regions. The Bank prioritizes the principle of business necessity, minimum authorization when handling personal customer information. Sensitive information is only processed after fully informing customers and obtaining their explicit consent. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, the retention period of personal customer information is the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose of processing. If the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative regulations has not expired, or it is technically difficult to delete personal customer information, the Bank will stop processing such information (except for storage or taking necessary security measures). The Bank publishes the privacy policy through online business channels to disclose the rules for processing personal customer information. Customers are fully informed about the privacy policy upon first use, registration, or after updates of such policy, and their consent is obtained before proceeding with any personal customer information processing activities. Additionally, it explicitly details the specific rules for the collection, storage, sharing, transfer, deletion, and other processing of personal information. Prior to partnering with any institution, the Bank conducts thorough due diligence, assessing their qualifications, capabilities, and reputation for protecting personal information. Institutions that fail to meet industry standards, regulatory requirements, or the Bank's internal business and technical management regulations are not eligible for cooperation in this area. For qualified partners, agreements are executed to clearly define their responsibilities in processing and maintaining the confidentiality of personal customer information. These agreements also outline specific remedies and accountability measures for information breaches. The Bank conducts regular oversight and re-evaluations of partner institutions' personal information protection capabilities. If a partner fails to fulfill its responsibilities, the Bank will immediately demand corrective action, potentially including the termination of the partnership and requiring the prompt deletion of personal customer information. The Bank regularly organizes specialized training on personal customer information protection for internal employees and outsourced personnel who process personal customer information, intensifying training efforts to enhance the compliance awareness and capabilities of all staff in this regard. In 2023, the number of participants in personal customer information protection specialized training exceeded 300, 000. html Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Other types Note Number of new hires in the year13, 133 12, 695 10, 221 Number of employees from campus recruitment12, 868 12, 140 9, 610 Number of employees from social recruitment265 555 611 Number of interns accepted542 893 665 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications10, 600 8, 200 6, 280 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications269, 770 250, 000 196, 000 Employee Turnover Note Data covers domestic commercial banking. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Employee turnover ( )1. 7 1. 9 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( )1. 6 1. 88 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( )1. 7 1. 92 2. 6 131 130Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employeesNote ( ) 57. 07 57. 16 57. 11 Percentage of female mid- to-senior-level managers ( )30. 78 30. 59 30. 79 Percentage of male mid-to-senior-level managers ( )69. 22 69. 41 69. 21 Number of local employees at overseas institutions Note23, 022 23, 033 23, 992 Number of minority employees13, 759 13, 487 13, 260 Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (10, 000 person-times)292. 25 278. 26 266. 37 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)48. 06 44. 12 43. 55Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of occupational injury cases8 4 3 Number of service- attributable death incidents0 0 0 Number of service attributable deaths0 0 0 Ratio of service- attributable deaths ( )0 0 0 Workdays lost due to service-attributable injury480 120 100Diversity and employee protection Occupational health and safety (OHS)Note Except for the data on Percentage of female employees and Number of local employees in overseas institutions which cover the Group, the rest of the data in the table covers domestic commercial banking. Note Data covers Head Office. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Percentage of employees trained ( )97. 85 97. 52 97. 01 Average length of employee training (hours)55. 32 48. 16 48. 32 Number and percentage of employees trained by gender Female employees trained170, 916 171, 602 175, 377 Male employees trained129, 416 123, 724 130, 847 Percentage of female employees trained ( )97. 57 Percentage of male employees trained ( )98. 22 Number and percentage of employees trained by worker type Senior management members trained (10, 000 person-times)1. 34 1. 25 1. 43 Mid-level management members trained (10, 000 person-times)32. 57 32. 97 26. 57 Non-management employees trained (10, 000 person-times)258. 33 244. 04 238. 37 Percentage of senior management members trained ( )100 Percentage of mid- level management members trained ( )100 Percentage of non- management employees trained ( )97. 80 Employee Education and Training Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Average length of employee training by gender Average length of female employee training (hours)56. 09 52. 03 51. 74 Average length of male employee training (hours)54. 30 45. 72 45. 83 Average length of employee training by worker type Average length of training attended by senior management members (hours)56. 72 47. 62 46. 30 Average length of training attended by mid-level management members (hours)62. 54 58. 37 61. 99 Average length of training attended by non-management employees (hours)55. 25 47. 34 41. 92Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total assets (RMB1 million)32, 432, 166 28, 893, 548 26, 722, 408 Operating income (RMB1 million)622, 889 585, 367 605, 559 Operating expenses (RMB1 million)328, 816 301, 589 329, 428 Total profit before income tax (RMB1 million)295, 608 283, 641 276, 620 Profit for the year (RMB1 million)246, 371 236, 725 227, 339 Return on average total assets ( )0. 80 0. 85 0. 89 Return on average equity ( )10. 12 10. 77 11. 28 Capital adequacy ratio ( )17. 74 17. 52 16. 53 Income tax expense (RMB1 million)49, 237 46, 916 49, 281 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB1 million)2, 629, 510 2, 423, 973 2, 225, 153 Social contribution per share (RMB)3. 42 2. 81 2. 60Governance Performance Value creation Note The Group has adopted the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 25 of the Bank ( hereinafter referred to as the Standards for Insurance Contracts ) issued by the Ministry of Finance. In accordance with the requirements in Standards for Insurance Contracts, the Group has restated the figures for the comparative period from 1 January 2022, and the relevant comparative figures from 1 January 2022 presented in this report have been restated accordingly. Other prior period comparative figures are not restated. Indicator Number Percentage ( ) Board members 14 100 Executive directors 3 21. 4 Non-executive directors 5 35. 7 Independent directors 6 42. 9 Directors from the Chinese mainland10 71. 4 Directors from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan2 14. 3 Directors from other countries regions2 14. 3 Male directors 14 100 Female directors 0 0 Directors aged below 55 4 28. 6 Directors aged 55-60 5 35. 7 Directors aged above 60 5 35. 7 Board development In 2023, the Bank convened 13 board meetings with an average attendance rate of 91. The Board of Directors reviewed 87 proposals during the year. The special committees of the Board of Directors actively assisted the Board of Directors in fulfilling its duties based on the authorization. The training contents included anti-money laundering policy analysis and anti-money laundering situation, green finance and other aspects. It has formulated the Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited Note 2, which lays out the stance of the Bank on the diversity of the Board of Directors and specifies the approaches to realize board diversity on an on-going basis. The selection of board members is based on various diversity considerations, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, region, professional experience, skills, knowledge and tenure. Board members have a broad vision and extensive experience in the professional fields of corporate finance, economic research, state-owned asset management, financial accounting and compliance management. All directors have experience in economic and financial work. As of the end of 2023, the Bank had six independent directors, who constitute 43 of the board of directors. Independent directors do not hold any positions other than directorships within the Bank, and they are not influenced by the Bank's major shareholders, ultimate controllers, or other entities or individuals with significant interests related to the Bank. pdf DirectorShareholders' MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Ge Haijiao 2 2 7 8 Liu Jin 3 3 11 13 Lin Jingzhen 3 3 11 13 Zhang Yong 2 2 7 7 Zhang Jiangang 3 3 13 13 Huang Binghua 3 3 13 13 Liu Hui 1 1 4 4 Shi Yongyan 1 1 3 3 Jiang Guohua 3 3 10 13 Martin Cheung Kong Liao3 3 11 13 Chui Sai Peng Jose 3 3 11 13 Jean-Louis Ekra 3 3 13 13 E Weinan 3 3 11 13 Giovanni Tria 3 3 13 13 Number of meetings attended in person Number of meetings convened during term of office Note The above table shows the employment of directors as of the end of 2023. Meetings were held in the form of onsite meeting or via written proposalDirectorShareholders' MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Former Directors Wang Wei 0 0 1 2 Chen Jianbo 0 0 4 4 Xiao Lihong 2 2 6 6 Wang Xiaoya 2 2 6 6Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Number of publicly disclosed documents388 389 388 Number of documents issued at A share market123 123 126 Number of Chinese documents issued at H share market139 139 132 English documents issued at H share market126 127 130 Investor conferences held180 179 178 Investor hotlines answered105 125 111 Responses to enquiries posted one-interaction online platform run by the SSE13 27 57 Responses to emails through the IR mailbox55 74 73Information Disclosure and Investor Communications Integrity and Anti-CorruptionThe Bank continues to improve its information disclosure management system, with the goal of enhancing transparency, enriching and optimizing disclosure content, enhancing the pertinence and effectiveness of disclosure, and effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The Bank is dedicated to preventing integrity risks and aggressively combating corruption. The Bank upholds the integrated approach of dare not, cannot, and do not want to corrupt. It intensifies efforts to investigate and address violations of laws and regulations while enhancing power constraints mechanisms to promote the purification and solidification of its foundation. The Bank prioritizes integrity building and anti-corruption efforts across its global operations, continuously enhancing its governance standards. It tailors its approach to the unique circumstances of overseas institutions, strengthening oversight and upholding strict disciplinary measures. This extends the exercising full and strict governance over the Party to encompass the Bank's international activities. Overseas institutions enhance integrity risk prevention and control measures based on local circumstances, intensify educational initiatives, and continuously promote a strong atmosphere of integrity and compliance in overseas operations. Note 2 See the Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited for details. Citizens, legal entities or other organizations can reflect their situations and opinions through telephone calls, letters, visits, and other means. A complaint and petition office team and reception station have been established at the Head Office, and dedicated staff members are assigned to handle complaints and petitions at domestic branches. The Bank strictly complies with the Cyber Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Guidelines for Data Governance of Banking Financial Institutions, and other requirements. It has formulated a series of policies covering data governance, data security management, customer information protection, including the Overall Information Security Strategy of Bank of China Limited and the Data Governance Policy of Bank of China Limited, applicable to the entire Group. The Chairman is the top leader responsible for cybersecurity, the Financial Digitalization Committee is the leading body for cybersecurity, and the Chief Information Security Officer is the highest executive manager supervising the Bank's internal network, information and data security. In 2023, the Board of Directors, senior management, and Risk Management and Internal Control Committee listened to and discussed reports on information technology risk situation, cybersecurity capability enhancement, and data security protection, guiding the Bank to continuously improve its ability to prevent information technology risks and ensure cybersecurity and data security. The implementation of information security management has been incorporated into the performance appraisal system for the Group's institutions and their senior management, including aspects such as leakage, damage, tampering of sensitive information, virus infection and spread, external penetration or attacks on internal networks or systems, security inspections, and issue rectification. It advocates the concept of intellectual property protection and applies for and protects trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights in accordance with the Bank's intellectual property management measures. At the same time, the Bank fully respects others' intellectual property rights and pays close attention to preventing intellectual property infringement risks. Throughout the year, the Bank arranged the cybersecurity blue team to conduct drill, and regularly carried out internal and external security assessments, vulnerability scans, penetration tests, and end-to-end security defence effectiveness verifications to proactively identify risks and vulnerabilities in networks and information systems. Cybersecurity emergency response plans have been formulated, and the work safety management system and R&D and operation support system have been improved to enhance secure production support capabilities. In terms of employee training, the Bank organized multiple cybersecurity management training sessions, professional certification training, data security management and customer information protection themed training activities throughout the Group during the year, covering full- time employees and dispatched employees. All employees at the Head Office departments and domestic branches were required to take an online examination on data security and customer information protection to strengthen cybersecurity and information security awareness among all employees. The Bank conducted retrospective reviews of cybersecurity and information security issues and promptly reviewed and revised relevant policies in accordance with new regulatory requirements. The Bank's cybersecurity and information security-related systems have obtained multiple domestic and international certifications, including CMMI Level 4 (Capability Maturity Model Integration for Software), ISO 20000 (Information Technology Service Management System Certification), ISO 27000 (Information Security Management System Standards), ISO 9000 (Quality Management System Standards), and PCI- DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards). Additionally, the Bank conducts internal and external audits on operation and maintenance, development, network and data security every year, and engages third-party institutions to evaluate its network operation and maintenance service capabilities, issuing ISAE 3402 International Assurance Reports and SSAE18 SOC2 (System and Organization Controls) System Effectiveness Reports. The Bank's Centralized Procurement Center takes the lead in green and sustainable procurement. In accordance with the Bank of China Limited Supplier Management Measures (Version 2023), the Procurement Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), and other policy documents, the Bank follows the principles of openness, fairness, impartiality, good faith, and efficiency in procurement. The selection of procurement methods is based on the principles of legality, compliance, competition, and optimal choice, with priority given to open bidding. The single-source method is chosen prudently. The Bank guarantees equal participation rights for small and medium-sized enterprise suppliers and strictly prohibits anti- competitive practices such as setting exclusive clauses in procurement requirements. When formulating basic qualification requirements for qualified suppliers, except for individual projects with special needs, the Bank does not impose requirements on registered capital or enterprise scale. The Bank incorporates the concept of responsible procurement into various stages, including supplier admission, procurement, evaluation, and management. All procurement invitation documents explicitly require suppliers to have no major violations of laws and regulations or major violations involving environmental protection, labor employment, or consumer rights protection in their business operations. During supplier inspections and project evaluations, the Bank assesses suppliers' commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility. In addition to suppliers' written commitments, the Bank inspects their environmental protection equipment and measures, labor contract signing and social insurance, employee working conditions, office health and safety, and labor protection measures during project inspections, which are considered in the evaluation process. All shortlisted suppliers are required to sign the Bank of China Limited Supplier Integrity Code of Conduct as an appendix to the cooperation agreement, strictly prohibiting commercial bribery, interference in procurement, disclosure of secrets, intentional breach of contract, and other violations of integrity. Suppliers involved in bribery in centralized procurement or with integrity issues and other misconduct are included in the negative list management. The Bank convenes multiple supplier communication meetings annually to listen to their expectations and address their concerns. It also continuously optimizes the complaint and whistleblowing mechanisms, following the Measures for Handling Questions from Suppliers of Centralised Procurement of China of Bank Limited (Version 2022). The Bank provides suppliers with multiple complaint channels and publicizes the supervision and whistleblowing channels in the new version of the procurement document template, clarifying the supplier complaint handling process. Indicator (unit) 2023 2022 2021 Total number of centralised procurement projects16, 419 13, 652 13, 961 Budget amount involved in centralised procurements (RMB100 million)334. 32 264. 78 292. 49 Number of suppliers of the Head Office952 977 1, 087 Number of suppliers in the Chinese mainland862 880 Proportion of suppliers in the Chinese mainland ( )90 90 90 Number of suppliers in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and other regions95 97 Proportion of suppliers in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and other regions ( )10 10 10 Coverage ratio of supplier review ( )100 100 100 Supplier social responsibility training sessions held3 2 3 137 136Responsibility ManagementCore Degree of impact on stakeholders Average Core Degree of impact on BOCMateriality Analysis Stakeholder Engagement Core issues Important issuesThe Bank conducts regular materiality analyses every year. By identifying and assessing social responsibility issues, it determines the social responsibility issues that are material to both the Bank and its stakeholders, and discloses them in the report. Shareholders Optimise corporate governance Prevent and resolve financial risks Advance digitalised transition Regular reports and interim reports Shareholders' Meeting Investor surveys Business results release Environment Climate change response Develop green finance Practice green operations Project environmental risk assessment Environmental performance collection and disclosure Green public welfare activities Communities Improve people's wellbeing Facilitate rural revitalisation Charitable activities and volunteer services Stakeholder engagement Public welfare and charity activities Field surveys and visits Community exchange activities Communication with media Employees Human capital development Employee rights and benefits Stakeholder engagement Awards ceremony Regular training Corporate culture activities Web portal, WeChat official account, and microblog, etc. BOC identified 23 CSR issues that could impact it and its stakeholders, given its development strategies and plans with reference to industry hotspots and development trends, major national policies, as well as major CSR standards and mainstream ESG rating systems available at home and abroad, including but not limited to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative(GRI Standards Version 2021), the MSCI ESG Ratings, and the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Step 1 Step 2 Step 3Identification Internal and external stakeholders were invited to assess CSR issues by means of filling in online questionnaires from two dimensions, that is, degree of impact on BOC and degree of impact on stakeholders. Inclusive financeGreen Finance As a signatory to the UN Principles for Responsible Banking, BOC has incorporated sustainable development issues such as green finance and inclusive finance into its key development strategies, continuously promoting the development of responsible finance and achieving positive results. In 2023, in terms of green finance, the Bank actively strove to become the preferred bank for green financial services, with its green finance business developing in a healthy and rapid manner. In terms of inclusive finance, it constructed an integrated and diversified inclusive finance service system centered on commercial banking services, featuring village and township finance, supplemented by consumer finance and public welfare services, achieving quantitative growth, expanded coverage, and enhanced quality in inclusive finance. The Bank solidifies and optimizes its inclusive finance services, precisely meeting the financial needs of inclusive customer groups, and striving to enhance the accessibility, availability, and coverage of financial services for small and micro enterprises, self-employed business owners, farmers, and new agricultural business entities. The Bank closely follows the goals of achieving carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, insisting on making green finance a focus for promoting high- quality economic and social development. It strengthens the top-level design of green finance, enhances customers' ESG risk management capabilities, steadily upgrades its green finance product and service system, and strives to become the preferred bank for green financial services. The concept of green development is internalized into all aspects of the Bank's operation, management, and business development, continuously contributing financial strength to the comprehensive promotion of building a beautiful China. Commitment and Progress Target Commitment NoteTarget Commitment Progress in 2023Progress in 2023 By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB2. 5 trillion, making BOC a leading bank in serving inclusive customer groups. During the 14th Five-year Plan period, new loans to green industries will be no less than RMB3 trillion (2021-2025) Asset quality remains at a good levelYear-on-year increase in balance of domestic green loans Year-on-year expansion of green bond investments Strive to become a market leader in underwriting green bonds BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. RMB1. 76 trillion balance of inclusive loansYear-on-year increase of 56. 34 The scale of green bond investments continued to increase. At the end of 2023, the scale of green bond investments exceeded RMB100 billion. growth in inclusive loans 43. 21 growth in inclusive customers 141 140Outlook The broad path lies ahead, boundless for those who tread it. This year marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China and a crucial moment for achieving the goals and tasks outlines in the 14th Five-Year Plan. Leveraging its global advantages, the Bank will create a batch of benchmark projects and effectively implement the eight actions to support high-quality joint construction of the Belt and Road Initiative, better serving major exhibitions and promoting domestic and international connectivity.. Adhering to green transformation development, acting as a guardian of our beautiful home and striving tirelessly to promote harmony between humanity and nature. Actively responding to climate change and anchored on the goals of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, the Bank will deepen reforms in the Group's operations and management, accelerating the green transformation of its development model. Focusing on housing, education, healthcare, employment, and elderly care, the Bank will take more measures to benefit and warm the hearts of the people, further enriching scenario ecosystems to better meet the financial service needs of the masses. Benchmarking against new business forms, models, and demands, it will deepen the reform of its comprehensive risk management, fortify weak links in management, and continuously enhance its risk foresight, response, and mitigation capabilities. About the Report The Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited ( BOC, the Bank, or the Group ) and all its members warrant that this report contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and jointly and severally accept full responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information in this notice. This is the 17th CSR report released by BOC consecutively. This report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards 2021 version) and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. This report follows the reporting principles set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Coverage Preparation references This report discloses the materiality assessment made in 2022 in the section of Responsibility Management, which includes the processes and methods used to identify environment, social, and corporate governance (ESG) topics; the stakeholder surveys; the materiality matrix of ESG topics generated given the surveying findings; the stakeholders identified and their engagement and expectations for the Bank. The materiality analysis processes and results, along with other parts of this report, are submitted to the Board of Directors of the Bank for hearing, review, and adoption. Materiality The standards and sources of conversion factors used in the calculation of GHG emissions and energy consumption are disclosed in the Environmental Performance section of the ESG Key Performance part in this report. Quantitative The methodology used to measure KPIs in this report is consistent with that adopted in previous years. ConsistencyThe financial data contained in the report is based on the 2023 financial report independently audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2022 and the reports of previous years as well. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP assumes the liability for qualified assurance services on selected key data disclosed in the report and issues an independent assurance report. The report will be issued in printed format. This report is issued in Chinese and English. In case of any discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail. Data basis Guarantee Disclosure format Reader's feedback 143 142Assurance Statement 2024 SH -0137 (Page1 3) English Translation for Reference Only Independent practitioner s assurance report To the Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2023 key data as defined below in the 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report ( CSR Report ) of Bank of China Limited (the Bank ). SH -0137 (Page2 3) Criteria The criteria used by the Bank to prepare the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report is set out in the basis of reporting of the key data (the basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. Management s Responsibilities The Management of the B ank is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report in accordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the inde pendence and other ethical requirement of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International St andard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirem ents. Practitioner s Responsibilities It is our responsibility to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report based on our work. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance en gagement is 145 144Basis of Reporting Number of employees (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of employees of the Bank of China (excluding non- financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contractual employees and labour dispatch employees. Number of female employees (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of female employees of the Bank of China (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contractual employees and labour dispatch employees. Number of new hires in the year (person) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of new contract staff recruited in social recruitment and campus recruitment during the reporting period at the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China. Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period. Execution of employment contracts ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the proportion of employees who signed employment contracts with the Bank of China and the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period. Number of occupational injury cases (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the number of occupational injury cases that occurred in the Head office of the Bank of China and directly affiliated institutions in Beijing without independent licenses during the reporting period. Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of complaints obtained by the Head Office of the Bank of China, branches and credit card centers (excluding integrated operating companies) through official websites, mobile banking and credit card mobile clients, business outlets, government agencies, regulatory authorities, etc. Individual customers satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained from satisfaction questionnaires distributed to individual customers by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China, through online and offline channels such as Bank of China's micro-banking public number, mobile banking App, third-party survey platforms, and pushed by business outlets and account managers during the reporting period. Corporate customers satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained from satisfaction questionnaires distributed by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China to large enterprise customers, medium-sized enterprise customers, small and micro enterprise customers, custodian customers, financial institution customers and major types of customers of administrative undertakings during the reporting period. Overall customer satisfaction ( ) The term disclosed here in refers to the satisfaction evaluation data obtained by the Head Office and domestic branches of the Bank of China through the distribution of satisfaction questionnaires to corporate and individual customers during the reporting period. Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (10, 000 person-times) The term disclosed here in refers to the total person- times of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank of China who participated in training during the reporting period. Donations (RMB 1 million) The term disclosed here in refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pre-tax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Number of operating outlets in the mainland (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the domestic operating outlets (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas branches), which are approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, of the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period, including the Head Office, primary branches, directly affiliated branches, secondary branches, sub-branches and branches. Number of outlets in national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of outlets set up by the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period based on the List of Key Counties for National Rural Revitalisation Support (160 counties) announced by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Bureau in August 2021. Balance of loans to small and micro enterprises (RMB 1 million) The term disclosed here in refers to the balance of loans to small and micro-enterprises by the Bank of China at the end of the reporting period according to the calibre of the National Financial Regulatory Administration (formerly China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission), which is the balance of loans to small and micro- enterprises with total single-family credit amount of less than RMB 10 million (inclusive) (including the balance of small and micro enterprise loans, the balance of individual industrial and commercial loans, and the balance of small and micro business owners, excluding the balance of bill discounting and rediscounting business). Number of video conferences (number) The term disclosed here in refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank of China during the reporting period. Number of mobile banking customers (100 millions) The term disclosed here in refers to the cumulative number of customers who registered for the Bank of China Mobile Banking App in domestic at the end of the reporting period. Social contribution per share (RMB) The term disclosed here in refers to the value-added per share created for the society calculated based on the basic earnings per share created by the Bank for shareholders, adding the value created by the Bank for other stakeholders during the reporting period, such as taxes paid by the Bank for the state, wages paid to employees, loan interest paid to creditors and total external donations, and deducting other costs derived from environmental pollution. SH -0137 (Page3 3) substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report, whether due to fraud or error, and responding to the assessed risks. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engagement risk. We have performed the follow ing procedures 1) Interviews with relevant departments of the Head Office of the Bank involved in providing information for the selected key data within the CSR Report; and 2) Analytical procedure; 3) Consistency comparison with related data in the financial report; 4) Examination, on a test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 5) Recalculation; and 6) Other procedures deemed necessary. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non -financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 2023 selected key data in the 2023 CSR Report is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the basis of reporting. Restriction on Use Our report has been prepared for and only for the board of directors of the Bank and is not to be used for any other purpose. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP Shanghai, China March 28, 2024 147 146 Indexes Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Universal Standards 2021)Statement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental Data Statement of UseThe Bank of China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2023 (with some exceptions) with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI 1 used GRI 1 Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location General Disclosures GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021Disclosure 2-1 Organizational details 6-7 Disclosure 2-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting 141 Disclosure 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point 141 Disclosure 2-4 Restatements of information 124 131 Disclosure 2-5 External assurance 142-147 Disclosure 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 6-7 Disclosure 2-7 Employees 129-130 Disclosure 2-8 Workers who are not employees 129 Disclosure 2-9 Governance structure and composition 100-101 132-133 Disclosure 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 132 Disclosure 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts12, 102 Disclosure 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts 13 100-102 Disclosure 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting102 149 148GRI Standard Disclosure Location GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021Disclosure 2-15 Conflicts of interestPlease refer to the Annual Report Disclosure 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 104-105 136-137 Disclosure 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 12 121 132 Disclosure 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance bodyPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-19 Remuneration policies 102 107 Disclosure 2-20 Process to determine remuneration 102 107 Disclosure 2-21 Annual total compensation ratioPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy 2-5 Disclosure 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 28-29 76-77 133-134 Disclosure 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns 134 141 Disclosure 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 106 123-134 Disclosure 2-28 Membership associations 40 Disclosure 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 136-137 Disclosure 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 110 Material Topics GRI 3 Material Topics 2021Disclosure 3-1 Process to determine material topics 136 Disclosure 3-2 List of material topics 136 Economic Performance GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 23-30 98-121 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016Disclosure 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 125-126 138-139 Disclosure 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change20-22 Disclosure 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 110-111GRI Standard Disclosure Location Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 42-73 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016Disclosure 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported 31-36 42-73 Disclosure 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 31-36 42-73 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 39 135 GRI 204 Procurement Practices 2016 Disclosure 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 135 Anti-corruption GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 98-99 122 GRI 205 Anti-corruption 2016Disclosure 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures98-99 133 Disclosure 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken 133 Materials GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 37-39 GRI 301 Materials 2016Disclosure 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 124 Disclosure 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 124 Energy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 37-39 123 GRI 302 Energy 2016Disclosure 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 123 Disclosure 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 123 Disclosure 302-3 Energy intensity 123 Disclosure 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 123 Disclosure 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 123 151 150GRI Standard Disclosure Location Water and Effluents GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 37-39 124 GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018Disclosure 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource 124 Disclosure 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts 124 Disclosure 303-5 Water consumption 124 Biodiversity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 19 27 GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016Disclosure 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity19 27 Emissions GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 37-39 123 GRI 305 Emissions 2016Disclosure 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 123 Disclosure 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 123 Disclosure 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 123 Disclosure 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 123 Waste GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 37-39 124 GRI 306 Waste 2020Disclosure 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 124 Disclosure 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impact 124 Disclosure 306-3 Waste generated 124 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 39 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016Disclosure 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken39GRI Standard Disclosure Location Employment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106 GRI 401 Employment 2016Disclosure 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 129 Disclosure 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees107 110-111 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106-107 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018Disclosure 403-3 Occupational health services 110-111 Disclosure 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety107 Disclosure 403-6 Promotion of worker health 110-111 Disclosure 403-9 Work-related injuries 130 Disclosure 403-10 Work-related ill health 130 Training and Education GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 108-109 GRI 404 Training and Education 2016Disclosure 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 130 Disclosure 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs108-109 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106 132 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016Disclosure 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 129 132 Non-discrimination GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106 119 GRI 406 Non-discrimination 2016 Disclosure 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken 107 119 153 152GRI Standard Disclosure Location Child Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 106 Local Communities GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 83-89 GRI 413 Local Communities 2016Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs83-89 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 135 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016Disclosure 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 135 Disclosure 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken135 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 74-82 126-127 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 127 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 2016Disclosure 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling127 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 128Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location A. Environment Aspect A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non- hazardous waste. KPI A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)124 KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. KPI A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. KPI B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. KPI B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. KPI B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. Not Applicable KPI B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. KPI B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. KPI B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. Community Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. KPI B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. Reporting and Self-assessment Requirements for the UN's Principles for Responsible Banking Principle 1 Alignment We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals' needs and society's goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks. Business Model Describe (high-level) your bank's business model, including the main customer segments served, types of products and services provided, the main sectors and types of activities, and where relevant the technologies financed across the main geographies in which your bank has operations or provides products and services. Response As China's most globalized and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 64 countries and regions. By the end of 2023, the Bank had established 10, 299 outlets (including the Head Office) in China covering 64. 63 of the counties, and overseas institutions in 64 countries and regions all over the world, including 44 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). The Bank recorded mobile banking customers of nearly 275 million. Reference(s) Link(s) 6-7 128 Strategic consistency In your bank's corporate strategy, will sustainability be identified as a strategic priority and indicated? Does your bank also reference any of the following frameworks or sustainability regulatory reporting requirements in its strategic priorities or policies to implement these? UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights International Labour Organization fundamental conventions UN Global Compact UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples Any applicable regulatory reporting requirements on environmental risk assessments, e. g. on climate risk - please specify which ones The report is prepared with reference to the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Any applicable regulatory reporting requirements on social risk assessments, e. g. on modern slavery - please specify which ones None of the above Response The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period of Bank of China Limited, with the aim to serve the high-quality development of national economy, society and environment, and actively support the implementation of the UN's SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. The impact analysis shall be updated regularly 1and fulfil the following requirements elements (a-d)2 a) Scope What is the scope of your bank's impact analysis? Response This Bank makes technological finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance the Five Major Tasks of strategic focus. Reference(s) Link(s) 19-41 47-54 67-69 112-115 b) Portfolio composition Has your bank considered the composition of its portfolio (in ) in the analysis? If your bank has taken another approach to determine the bank's scale of exposure, please elaborate, to show how you have considered where the bank's core business major activities lie in terms of industries or sectors. Response The Bank is exploring and researching methods and systems suitable for carbon accounting of its own asset portfolio. It has completed trial calculations of the carbon footprint for its major high- carbon industry asset portfolios. Referring to the Global GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry by the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) and the Carbon Accounting Technical Guidelines for Financial Institutions (Trial) by the People's Bank of China, the Bank has conducted trial calculations of carbon emissions from its corporate loans in major high-carbon industries such as thermal power, steel, and building materials. The Bank has continuously optimized the structure of the brown industries, promoting capacity replacement, green transformation, and technological upgrades. It guides resources towards areas with advanced production capacities, reduced per unit energy consumption, technological and renovation upgrades, and those that are safe, green, intelligent, efficient, and ensure energy supply. In 2023, the brown credit balance of the Bank's domestic corporate business accounted for less than 10 of the total loan balance. Reference(s) Link(s) 16 25 122 1That means that where the initial impact analysis has been carried out in a previous period, the information should be updated accordingly, the scope expanded as well as the quality of the impact analysis improved over time. Further guidance can be found in the Interactive Guidance on Impact Analysis and Target setting. Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting c) Context What are the main challenges and priorities related to sustainable development in the main countries regions in which your bank and or your clients operate? This step aims to put your bank's portfolio impacts into the context of society's needs. Response The Bank's main challenges and priorities related to sustainable development include developing green finance, addressing climate change, and promoting inclusive finance. Consequently, the Bank has prioritized customer ESG risk management as a key task in serving the dual carbon goals, implementing and developing green finance, and continually enhancing customer ESG risk management capabilities. In promoting inclusive finance, small and micro enterprises, self-employed business owners, small and micro enterprise owners and other inclusive customers are the largest and most dynamic market players, the new force to promote Chinese-style modernization, the important basis for high-quality development, and play an important role in promoting growth, ensuring employment and improving people's livelihood. Which (at least two) significant impact areas did you prioritize to pursue your target setting strategy (see 2. 2)2? Response The Bank prioritizes green finance and inclusive finance as two important areas of positive impact. Reference(s) Link(s) 138-139 d) For these (min. two prioritized impact areas) Performance measurement Has your bank identified which sectors & industries as well as types of customers financed or invested in are causing the strongest actual positive or negative impacts? In determining priority areas for target-setting among its areas of most significant impact, you should consider the bank's current performance levels, i. e. qualitative and or quantitative indicators and or proxies of the social, economic and environmental impacts resulting from the bank's activities and provision of products and services. If you have identified climate and or financial health&inclusion as your most significant impact areas, please also refer to the applicable indicators in the Annex. If your bank has taken another approach to assess the intensity of impact resulting from the bank's activities and provision of products and services, please describe this. The outcome of this step will then also provide the baseline (incl. indicators) you can use for setting targets in two areas of most significant impact. Green finance The Bank has established a performance evaluation system that covers domestic and overseas branches, comprehensive companies, Head Office departments, and senior management. Inclusive finance The Bank incorporates inclusive finance-related indicators into the performance appraisal system for deputy positions of senior management of domestic branches and Tier-1 institutions. Reference(s) Link(s) 12-15 1Global priorities might alternatively be considered for banks with highly diversified and international portfolios. Principle 2 Impact & Target Setting Self-assessment summary Which of the following components of impact analysis has your bank completed, in order to identify the areas in which your bank has its most significant (potential) positive and negative impacts? Climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, financial health & inclusion How recent is the data used for and disclosed in the impact analysis? Up to 6 months prior to publication Up to 12 months prior to publication Up to 18 months prior to publication Longer than 18 months prior to publication 2. 2 Target Setting (Key Step 2) Show that your bank has set and published a minimum of two targets which address at least two different areas of most significant impact that you identified in your impact analysis. The targets2 have to be Specific, Measurable (qualitative or quantitative), Achievable, Relevant and Time-bound (SMART). Response The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China Limited, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period of Bank of China, with the aim to make greater contributions in serving the high-quality development of national economy, society and environment. The Bank has signed or participated in a number of green and ESG-related initiatives and mechanisms such as PRB, GIP, etc., and actively supports the implementation of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Paris Climate Agreement. A package of indicators has been developed for climate change mitigation and financial health & inclusion to guide and support banks in their target setting and implementation journey. The overview of indicators can be found in the Annex of this template. If your bank has prioritized climate mitigation and or financial health & inclusion as (one of) your most significant impact areas, it is strongly recommended to report on the indicators in the Annex, using an overview table like below including the impact area, all relevant indicators and the corresponding indicator codes 1You can respond Yes to a question if you have completed one of the described steps, e. g. the initial impact analysis has been carried out, a pilot has been conducted. Operational targets (relating to for example water consumption in office buildings, gender equality on the bank's management board or business-trip related greenhouse gas emissions) are not in scope of the PRB. Your bank should consider the main challenges and priorities in terms of sustainable development in your main country region of operation for the purpose of setting targets. Aligning means there should be a clear link between the bank's targets and these frameworks and priorities, therefore showing how the target supports and drives contributions to the national and global goals. Impact area Indicator code Response Climate change mitigationImpact area Indicator code Response Financial health & inclusion In case you have identified other and or additional indicators as relevant to determine the baseline and assess the level of alignment towards impact driven targets, please disclose these. Green finance In close alignment with the nation's carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, and in adherence to the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference, the Bank has reassessed the Group's 14th Five-Year Plan and Green Finance Action Plan based on market and business development circumstances and set more aggressive green financial development targets. Specifically, the target for incremental credit support to green industries during the 14th Five- Year Plan period has been raised from no less than RMB1 trillion to no less than RMB3 trillion. The baseline selected for the indicators is the end of 2020. 2. Inclusive finance The Bank has set the goals that in 2021-2025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB2. 5 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. The baseline selected for the indicators is 2020. Which KPIs are you using to monitor progress towards reaching the target? Response The bank has set and announced targets in the areas of green finance and inclusive finance, while simultaneously revising these targets in accordance with regulatory development requirements and progress achieved during the respective year. Targets set for green finance During the 14th Five-year Plan period (2021-2025), new loans to green industries will be no less than RMB3 trillion Year-on-year increase in balance of domestic green loans Asset quality remains at a good level Achieving a year-on-year increase in green bond investment scale, with a concerted effort to maintain a market-leading position in green bond underwriting BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted 2. Targets for inclusive finance During 2021-2025, the growth rates of inclusive loans and customers will continue to meet regulatory requirements By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB2. 5 trillion, making BOC a leading bank in serving inclusive customer groupsReference(s) Link(s) 138-139 d) Action plan which actions including milestones have you defined to meet the set targets? Green finance 1) The Bank strengthens monitoring of customers' ESG risks. For customers (projects) in industries and regions identified by national environmental protection, work safety, and other authorities as key targets for rectification of violations and non-compliance, the Bank issues internal risk alerts or risk warnings. The Bank continuously tracks and monitors risk events related to the warnings, and adjusts risk levels and disposal measures in a timely manner based on specific circumstances. The Bank continuously improves customer ESG risk emergency management measures and reporting mechanisms, comprehensively identifying and supervising customers' ESG risk status, and reporting accordingly. The Bank adopts risk management measures such as targeted business strategies, differentiated authority and procedures, and list-based management to proactively control and mitigate ESG risks. In its credit granting strategy and credit rating, the Bank takes positive support initiatives and risk escalation initiatives such as prudent granting of credit or investment and not granting of credit or investment based on the customer's environmental protection rating level, and correlates the customer's environmental protection rating level with the credit rating level. Inclusive finance To achieve its inclusive finance goals, the Bank precisely aligns with the financial needs of inclusive customer groups. It is committed to solving financing difficulties faced by small and micro enterprises, self-employed business owners, farmers, and new agricultural business entities. Reference(s) Link(s) 25-29 47-52 Self-assessment summary Which of the following components of target setting in line with the PRB requirements has your bank completed? first area of most significant impact (please name it) Green finance second area of most significant impact (please name it) Inclusive finance(If you are setting targets in more impact areas)your third (and subsequent) area(s) of impact (please name it) AlignmentYes In progress NoYes In progress NoYes In progress No BaselineYes In progress NoYes In progress NoYes In progress No SMART targetsYes In progress NoYes In progress NoYes In progress No Action planYes In progress NoYes In progress NoYes In progress NoPrinciple 2 Impact & Target Setting 2. 3 Target implementation and monitoring (Key Step 2) For each target separately Show that your bank has implemented the actions it had previously defined to meet the set target. Or, in case of changes to implementation plans (relevant for 2nd and subsequent reports only) describe the potential changes (changes to priority impact areas, changes to indicators, acceleration review of targets, introduction of new milestones or revisions of action plans) and explain why those changes have become necessary. Changes in targets Green finance The Bank has reassessed the Group's 14th Five-Year Plan and Green Finance Action Plan and set more aggressive green finance targets. Specifically, the target for incremental credit support to green industries during the 14th Five-Year Plan period has been raised from no less than RMB1 trillion to no less than RMB3 trillion. The amount of in RMB2 trillion By 2025, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises will exceed RMB2 trillion is increased to RMB2. 5 trillion. Progress towards targets Green finance As of the end of 2023, the Bank's domestic green credit balance reached RMB3, 106. 7 billion, with an increase of RMB1, 119. 5 billion, marking a growth of RMB2, 209. 9 billion since the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan, representing a year-over-year increase of 56. 34. The investment scale in green bonds exceeded RMB100 billion, with the Bank ranking first in the interbank market for underwriting both domestic and international green bond issuances, and also achieving the top spot among its peers in the Bloomberg Global Offshore Green Bonds rankings. Inclusive finance As of the end of 2023, the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises reached RMB1, 758. 5 billion, with an annual growth rate of 43. The number of loan customers reached 1. 07 million, also with an annual growth rate of 43. Additionally, the balance of operational loans for self-employed business owners stood at RMB260 billion. Reference(s) Link(s) 138-139 165 164Principle 3 Clients and Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. Client engagement Does your bank have a policy or engagement process with clients and customers1 in place to encourage sustainable practices? Yes In progress No Does your bank have a policy for sectors in which you have identified the highest (potential) negative impacts? Yes In progress No Describe how your bank has worked with and or is planning to work with its clients and customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable sustainable economic activities Sustainable economic activities promote the transition to a low-carbon, more resource-efficient and sustainable economy.. Green finance The Bank closely aligns with the national goals of achieving carbon peak and carbon neutrality. Guided by the Group's 14th Five-Year green finance plan as its strategic framework, the Bank continuously refines its 1 1 N green finance policy system. A comprehensive policy support package has been established, covering 13 aspects including enhanced assessment incentives, optimized economic capital cost management, differentiated authorization, and allocation of personnel expenses, forming the four beams and eight pillars of the green finance policy system. The Bank has formulated the Guidelines for Investment in Industry Credit of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023) and the Management Plan for Industry Portfolio of Bank of China Limited (Version 2023), and designates green and low-carbon related industries such as new energy vehicles, wind power, new energy storage, ecological protection and environmental governance as positive growth industries, improves supporting measures and actively guides credit investment towards these industries. It continuously builds the CCB Green global brand and has launched five categories of dozens of green financial products and services, covering deposits, loans, bonds, consumption, and integrated services. The Bank actively supports the green and low-carbon transformation of the economy and society. Inclusive finance The Bank consistently maintains its support for inclusive finance lending, leveraging online technology to enhance service quality and efficiency, and providing comprehensive services in coordination with the Group. With inclusive finance as a source of living water to nourish thousands of industries and households, financial resources are accurately directed to key areas and weak links in the real economy, injecting development momentum into small and micro-business entities. Reference(s) Link(s) 15-19 31-36 47-52 3. 2 Business opportunities Describe what strategic business opportunities in relation to the increase of positive and the reduction of negative impacts your bank has identified and or how you have worked on these in the reporting period. A client engagement process is a process of supporting clients towards transitioning their business models in line with sustainability goals by strategically accompanying them through a variety of customer relationship channels. Green finance Amidst the global efforts to tackle climate change and the establishment of national goals for peaking carbon emissions and achieving carbon neutrality, the ongoing adjustments and upgrades in industrial structures present numerous opportunities for the banking sector. The Bank vigorously supports the construction of green industries and projects. In line with national economic structural adjustments and industrial development strategies, it fully leverages its comprehensive operational capabilities, utilizing a variety of financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, investments, funds, and asset management to provide a range of financial services to the green industry. As of the end of 2023, the domestic green credit balance exceeded RMB3, 106. 7 billion, with green bond investments surpassing RMB100 billion. The Bank targets the bottlenecks and challenges hindering the development of micro and small enterprises, self-employed business owners, and micro and small business owners, offering comprehensive coverage, precise strategies, and innovative services to help stimulate the vitality of the real economy. Relying on the development of digital finance, it strengthens its support for the real economy and enhances the accessibility, convenience, and precision of financial services. As of the end of 2023, the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises reached RMB1, 758. 5 billion, with an annual growth rate of 43, outpacing the growth rate of all loans across the Bank; the number of loan customers reached 1. 07 million, with an annual growth rate of 43. Reference(s) Link(s) 22 31 47-52 Principle 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society's goals. Stakeholder identification and consultation Does your bank have a process to identify and regularly consult, engage, collaborate and partner with stakeholders (or stakeholder groups1) you have identified as relevant in relation to the impact analysis and target setting process? Yes In progress No Please describe which stakeholders (or groups types of stakeholders) you have identified, consulted, engaged, collaborated or partnered with for the purpose of implementing the Principles and improving your bank's impacts. Response The Bank actively opens channels of communication with stakeholders from various fields and categories, including the State, customers, shareholders, the environment, communities, and employees. It conducts annual materiality analyses, inviting internal and external stakeholder groups to assess identified social responsibility issues through questionnaires. Through the identification and assessment of social responsibility issues, the Bank determines and discloses in reports the topics of social responsibility that are significant both to itself and to its stakeholders. Reference(s) Link(s) 136-137 1Such as regulators, investors, governments, suppliers, customers and clients, academia, civil society institutions, communities, representatives of indigenous population and non-profit organizations 167 166Principle 5 Governance & Culture We will implement our commitment to these Principles through effective governance and a culture of responsible banking. Governance Structure for Implementation of the Principles Does your bank have a governance system in place that incorporates the PRB? Yes In progress No Please describe the relevant governance structures, policies and procedures your bank has in place is planning to put in place to manage significant positive and negative (potential) impacts and support the effective implementation of the Principles. This includes information about which committee has responsibility over the sustainability strategy as well as targets approval and monitoring (including information about the highest level of governance the PRB is subjected to), details about the chair of the committee and the process and frequency for the board having oversight of PRB implementation (including remedial action in the event of targets or milestones not being achieved or unexpected negative impacts being detected), as well as remuneration practices linked to sustainability targets. Response The Bank improves the corporate governance framework with the Shareholders' Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management as the main bodies, each with well- defined responsibility and authority and all operating smoothly. The special committees under the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors effectively fulfill their duties and operate actively and efficiently. The Board of Directors and its special committees are responsible for approving the green finance development plan, green finance goals, and green finance reports, as well as monitoring and evaluating the implementation of the green finance development plan. The senior management has established a Green Finance Committee, which is responsible for the overall management and professional decision-making related to the Group's green finance work. The Chief Risk Officer serves as the Chair of the Committee and is accountable for managing customers' ESG risks. A dedicated team is tasked with carrying out the Group's green finance initiatives, actively promoting the practical implementation of green finance development. In the performance evaluation of senior management, the Bank has incorporated a series of sustainability-related indicators, including serving the dual carbon goals, providing inclusive finance services, supporting the rural revitalization strategy, case risk rates, and market risk control. The combined weight of these indicators exceeds 20, and the evaluation results are directly linked to the remuneration allocation for senior management. Response Green finance The Bank has strengthened the development of its green finance talent pool. In 2023, it actively promoted the establishment of a 14th Five-Year Plan green finance talent cultivation system, encompassing three levels and six directions, involving approximately 10, 000 people. Offline training sessions at various levels have been organized for customer lines, risk lines, and operational lines. Through innovative competitions, performance competitions, the selection of exemplary green finance institutions, and the conduct of green finance research, the Bank has cultivated green development capabilities across all employees. The Bank has actively advocated among employees low-carbon office practices, green commuting, and green and healthy lifestyles. The evaluation results are linked to employee compensation. Reference(s) Link(s) 15 40-41 Principle 5 Governance & Culture 5. 3 Policies and due diligence processes Does your bank have policies in place that address environmental and social risks within your portfolio? Response The Bank currently has in place the Bank of China Policy on Environmental (Climate), Social and Governance Risk Management for Customers. This policy was reviewed and approved by the Green Finance Committee and applies to corporate finance (including working capital loans and project financing for corporate customers, etc.) and other businesses, covering the entire business process from risk identification and classification, due diligence, business approval, contract management, fund disbursement, post-lending management, and post- investment management. These classifications are labeled in relevant business management systems, and more stringent assessment and review measures are adopted for high-risk customers. In terms of due diligence and risk assessment, the customer relationship departments are required to conduct due diligence on the ESG risks of customers (projects). Compliance risk reviews are also conducted. For customers (projects) such as nuclear power projects, waste incineration projects in densely populated residential areas, and large-scale hydropower projects, which may potentially have a significant impact on social stability and public interests, the customer relationship departments are required to conduct comprehensive risk assessments. Customers (projects) that have not undergone ESG risk due diligence will be terminated promptly. The Bank strengthens monitoring of customers' ESG risks. For customers and projects in industries and regions identified by national environmental protection, work safety, and other authorities as key targets for rectification of violations and non-compliance, the Bank issues internal risk alerts or risk warnings. The Bank continuously tracks and monitors risk events related to the warnings, and adjusts risk levels and disposal measures in a timely manner based on specific circumstances. The Bank continuously improves its customer ESG risk emergency management measures and reporting mechanisms. Sudden customer ESG risk incidents are classified into four levels general, relatively significant, significant, and particularly significant. In the event of an incident, the responsible party is required to immediately activate the contingency plan and respond and handle the situation in a lawful, scientific, efficient, and stable manner. The Bank conducts thorough inspections and supervision of customers' ESG risk situations and promptly reports any issues. The Bank strengthens communication with stakeholders by establishing adequate, timely, and effective communication mechanisms with government agencies, environmental organizations, local communities, media, investors, and others. Reference(s) Link(s) 23-30 Self-assessment summary Does the CEO or other C-suite officers have regular oversight over the implementation of the Principles through the bank's governance system? Yes No Does the governance system entail structures to oversee PRB implementation (e. g. incl. impact analysis and target setting, actions to achieve these targets and processes of remedial action in the event targets milestones are not achieved or unexpected neg. impacts are detected)? Yes No Does your bank have measures in place to promote a culture of sustainability among employees (as described in 5. 2)? Yes In progress No 1Applicable examples of types of policies are exclusion policies for certain sectors activities; zero-deforestation policies; zero-tolerance policies; gender-related policies; social due diligence policies; stakeholder engagement policies; whistle-blower policies etc., or any applicable national guidelines related to social risks. Principle 6 Transparency & Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society's goals. Response Each year, the Bank invites professional third-party assurance providers to conduct independent assurance engagements on key data related to its social responsibility report, enhancing the credibility and reliability of the information disclosed in the report. Reference(s) Link(s) 142-146 6. 2Reporting on other frameworks Does your bank disclose sustainability information in any of the listed below standards and frameworks? GRI SASB CDP IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (to be published) TCFD Other The report is prepared with reference to the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China, and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, etc. Response The 2023 social responsibility report of the Bank is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions issued by the former China Banking Regulatory Commission, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, the Guidelines for Environmental Information Disclosure of Financial Institutions of the People's Bank of China as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Universal Standards 2021), and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. Reference(s) Link(s) 141 6. 3 Outlook What are the next steps your bank will undertake in next 12 month-reporting period (particularly on impact analysis1, target setting2 and governance structure for implementing the PRB)? Response The Bank will take more forceful actions to serve the overall economic and social development, and provide warmer services to meet the people's aspirations for a better life. Focusing on areas such as housing, education, healthcare, employment, and elderly care, the Bank will adopt more measures to benefit people's livelihoods and warm their hearts. Reference(s) Link(s) 140 1For example, outlining plans for increasing the scope by including areas that have not yet been covered, or planned steps in terms of portfolio composition, context and performance measurement 2For example, outlining plans for baseline measurement, developing targets for (more) impact areas, setting interim targets, developing action plans etc. Principle 6 Transparency & Accountability 6. 4 Challenges Here is a short section to find out about challenges your bank is possibly facing regarding the implementation of the Principles for Responsible Banking. Your feedback will be helpful to contextualise the collective progress of PRB signatory banks. What challenges have you prioritized to address when implementing the Principles for Responsible Banking? Incorpor ated in Hong Kong with limit ed liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportEnvironmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j8 52-2360-9722 j8 52-2874-0280 jwww. cn CONTENTS About this Report 2 Foreword 4 Overview of 2023 sustainable development 6 Major awards and honors 9 ESG ESG management structure and the board statement 11 Water resources management 14 Targets setting and review mechanism 15 Communication with stakeholders 17 Identification of material issues 19 (I) Product health and food safety 21 (II) Product and technological innovation 28 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing and promotion 31 (IV) Customer services and privacy protection 35 (V) Supply chain management 42 (VI) Promoting governance and integrity 48 (I) Equal employment 56 (II) Staff remuneration and benefit 57 (III) Staff management 59 (IV) Staff communication and care 63 (V) Staff training and development 67 (VI) Occupational health and safety production 75 (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 83 (II) Green and low-carbon development 89 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 106 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 110 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 116 (VI) Protection of ecosystem and biodiversity 125 (VII) Education of environmental protection 126 (I) Supporting employment and revitalizing rural areas 127 (II) Dedication to community investment and education promotion 128 (III) Building CR Hope Town 129 (IV) Green Finance 129 Verification Statement 130 C2 Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange set out in the appendix C2 of the main board rules governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited132 About this Report Foreword Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Verification Statement Appendix Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 4 Social Responsibility ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT2 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED C2 (Global Reporting Initiative, GRI) GRI 2021 The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The identification process and updated analysis results have been presented in the section headed Identification of Material Issues. Each department of the Group coordinates to collect and record the key performance data regarding the environment and the society in hope of presenting the Group s performance in the environmental and social key performance indicators ( KPIs ) through quantified data. Part of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Materiality Balance Quantitative Consistency ABOUT THIS REPORT OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (the reporting period, FY2023, or 2023 ). BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix C2 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and with reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards 2021 ). cn SCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. This year s ESG report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2023. On 10 January 2023 (the Completion Date ), the Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ), and Guizhou Jinsha has become an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group since the Completion Date and was under the management of CRWH s baijiu business segment. As a result, the information of Guizhou Jinsha in 2023 has been collected, reviewed and included in the reporting scope of this year s ESG report in accordance with the relevant systems, but the information for the same period in 2022 cannot be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the eighth annual Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company s commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group s performance on sustainable ESG development in 2023 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders. PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports, financial reports and Shared Service Centers of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. cn For identification purpose(s) only 4 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG FOREWORD ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our co- operative partners and to generate long-term returns to our shareholders. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrial-leading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. CR Beer proactively advances the strategic development of Winning at Premiumization, firmly implements the vision of becoming the leader of the new world of the beer industry, continuously consolidates core competitiveness, and promotes product premiumization. The Group also explores the baijiu market and firmly promotes the dual empowerment model of beer baijiu businesses and baijiu baijiu mutual growth. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of the Group is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. The Group s beer business actively diversifies its product portfolio of domestic brands international brands, offering high-quality beer, and advocates rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. In addition, the Group maintains its investment in brand building that is above the industry level, constructs various beer consumption scenarios, attracts more young consumers by providing creative consumption experiences, to enhance premium beer brand image. The Group cares about the physical and mental health as well as career development of our employees, and strives to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. The Group attaches great importance to safe production, always adheres to the occupational health and safety work management concept of people-oriented, safe development, and pursues the direction of zero injury, zero accident to implement management details. The Group is committed to promoting the healthy development of China s beer and baijiu industrial chain. For this purpose, we have been actively empowering upstream suppliers and downstream channel partners. Through strategic actions such as establishing star- rated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and supporting Jinsha red sorghum cultivation, and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of the industries. The Group incorporates green and low-carbon development into its corporate development strategy and continues to promote the development of green factories. In 2023, the Group officially initiated the construction of Carbon-neutral Plant and expected to complete the construction for at least two Carbon-neutral Plants and obtained the certification by the end of 2024, to respond to the state s carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality policy. As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group cares about the society and is enthusiastic about public welfare. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. ESG ESG On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Non-executive Directors and two Non-executive Directors of the Group visited Dongguan Factory, the ESG management of which was highly recognized. ESG 26 ESG ESG More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders were invited to rank the materiality of ESG areas for the year, with 26 ESG topics being selected as most relevant to the Company's ESG management. ESG Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency has performed a limited assurance engagement on the disclosures stated in the ESG Report of CR Beer for the second consecutive year. Commission for Discipline Inspection held two company-wide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 management-level employees; held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. Social FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 The quality and food safety management system of the Group passed a total of 95 international systems certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. The research and development investment has amounted to RMB214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 people, and the number of invention patents recorded a year-on- year increase of 175. 11 87 Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints received about defective beer products decreased significantly by 11 year-on-year; the customer satisfaction survey score for defective product complaint handling improved to 87 points. All beer and baijiu products passed both ex-factory quality tests and the spot tests under national supervision. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Social 266. 5 During the reporting period, the Group s total funds for social welfare undertakings (including equivalent amount of donation in-kind) amounted to RMB2. 665 million. The Group actively supports green finance and participated Mitsubishi UFJ Bank s Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB120, 000, 000 during the reporting period. The Group takes Zero Injury, Zero Incident as its management target and has set up a safe production target of zero work-related fatalities, and the number of work-related fatalities has been zero for four consecutive years. ISO45001 61 plants have passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization, and 27 plants have obtained ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system certification. Approximately 426 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided, covering 53, 215 employees and 23, 799 suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related parties. suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as non-compliance with social responsibilities. Cooperations with 44 suppliers were proactively terminated and blacklisted by the Group after review. ISO45001 18001 424 HACCP ISO 9001 547 core suppliers of production materials have been reviewed, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certifications in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO45001 18001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certifications in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO9001 or equivalent standards. Digital coverage rate increased to 56, the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources ticketing service improved by 37. Environmental 9 5 9 plants were awarded with the title of Provincial Green Plant, of which 5 plants were also awarded with the title of National Green Plant. TCFD 1 2 A climate scenario analysis was conducted in accordance based on TCFD recommendation and two most significant physical risks were identified, including 1) water scarcity; 2) extreme heat, which help integrate climate-related opportunities and risk factors into the Group s overall strategy. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Environmental 1 2 806 5. 2 1 2 13 The total greenhouse gas emission (scope 1 2) was 806 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent, decreasing by 5. 2 year-on-year. Regardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group s beer business recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2). The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit of beer business was 0. 0193 tonnes of standard coal per kilolitre output (or 157. 4 kWh per kilolitre output), decreasing by 0. 6 year-on-year. EHS Two indicators were added into the EHS Responsibility Statement carbon emissions (Scope 1 Scope 2) per unit of output, and the ratio of clean energy to total electricity consumption. plants participated in the purchase of green electricity, and some of which have achieved 100 green electricity usage. The cumulative use of green electricity in the beer business accounted for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption, and the long-term goal thereof is to exceed 15. 38 13. 2 3, 517 38 plants have equipped with biogas boilers, converting about 132, 000 tonnes of steam for production energy use in plants and saving about RMB35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. plants have set up photovoltaic power generation and energy storage which are of a total installed capacity of 22. 5 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 8. 69 million kWh during the year. The Group is promoting photovoltaic project cooperation with the first batch of 24 plants. Green logistics increased the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in long-distance freight transportation, achieving emission reduction of 11, 940 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent. Green office replaced 104, 938 meetings from offline to online and reduced number offline reimbursement bills by 15, 538. 100 Circular economy 100 recycling rate of spent grains, spent yeasts and spent yeast grass. Green packaging Among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials, and the green packaging procurement rate of bottles caps and cartons has reached 100. 5. 97 106. 9 4, 488 New glass bottles procured by the Group decreased by 5. 97 year-on-year, while 10. 69 billion glass bottles were recycled, with a decrease in use of glass of approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes throughout the year. SO 2) (NOX) 8. 6 10. 2 Sulphur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 8. 6 and 10. 2, respectively, over last year. plants were awarded with the title of provincial Water-saving Benchmarking Enterprise, and Wuhan Plant was awarded with the title of national Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, which marks the highest honor in domestic manufacturing sector. The amount of new water used and groundwater withdrawal decreased by 1. 9 and 27. 8 year-on-year, respectively, and the groundwater consumption intensity per unit decreased by 24. 1 year-on-year. plants had implemented negotiated discharging limit with municipal sewage treatment facilities. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report MAJOR AWARDS AND HONORS Award and Recognition Awarded OrganizationIssuing AuthorityNature 2023 Environmental Social and Governance Awards 2023 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CAPITAL Market performance 2023 ESG 2023 Forbes China ESG Innovative Enterprise Selection China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Forbes China Market performance The 20th China Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Star-level Workplace China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Tibet Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (Tibet) Co., Ltd. Market Supervision Department of the Autonomous Region Food quality and food safety 53 vol Wine Body Design Award (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China Alcoholic Drinks Association Food quality and food safety 53 vol Iconic Products of Flavor Food with Chinese Characteristics (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China National Food Industry Association Food quality and food safety 2022 23 Caring Company Scheme 2022 23 Certificate for the Caring Company Logo China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Hong Kong Council of Social Service Social responsibilities State-owned Enterprise Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council Technological innovation National Green Plant Plants in Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Qiannan, Xindu and Heilongjiang Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China Green and environmental protection 10 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded OrganizationIssuing AuthorityNature Provincial Green Plant Plants in Hebei, Neijiang, Qiandongnan and Baoshan Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology Green and environmental protection National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise Plant in Wuhan China Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Water Resources, General Administration of Market Regulation Green and environmental protection Provincial Water-saving Benchmarking Enterprise Plants in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan Provincial Department of Water Resources, Provincial Development and Reform Commission, Provincial Department of Transportation, Provincial Government Offices Administration, etc. Talent training Excellent Case of National Healthy Enterprise Development Plant in Songshanhu General Office of the National Health Commission Occupational Health Provincial Healthy Enterprise Plant in Qinghuangdao Provincial Health Commission Occupational Health 11 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report e ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS ESG ESG ESG ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, the Group consolidates the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improves its own management standard, strive to provide high-quality products to and creates value for customers, and promotes corporate sustainable development. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding corporate ESG management, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group s ESG strategy and the results presented in this report. The board of directors hold semi-annual meetings with the senior management regularly or special meetings when necessary, to achieve the following ESG management matters The Board is responsible for supervising and approving the sustainable development strategy of the Group, including the 14th Five-Year Plan for EHS management, the Carbon Peak Action Plan, water resource management objectives, etc., to ensure that the Group is moving towards sustainable development. The Board supervises the Group s annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Business and related risks. The Board oversees and reviews the Group s communication with stakeholders and the identification and assessment results of ESG material issues. The Board monitors and reviews the progress of the Group s ESG targets and environmental management policies and strategies. The Board supervises the Group and its various work levels (decision-making level, supervision level and execution level) to implement various actions according to the work plan. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, at the committee level, the Audit Committee hold semi- annual meetings, in which ESG-related business risks would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. Through the Group s three lines of defense risk management structure, the Audit Committee supervises the ESG risk management of the business as well as the implementation of related actions with timely guidance and suggestions provided. On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Non-executive Directors and two Non-executive Directors of the Group visited our factory in Dongguan. Accompanied by the frontline staff and management for ESG management of the factory, the delegation visited production and key management areas for environmental protection such as sewage outlets, saccharification workshop and brewing centralized control room. The ESG management of the factory was highly recognized by the delegation. The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, as well as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The ESG Task Force is mainly responsible for participating in the formulation of medium- and long- term ESG goals in line with the Company s strategy and specifying the implementation approaches, implementation steps and resource investment; undertaking ESG projects involved multi-departmental efforts, training and research and learning related to ESG and carbon management; specifying the ESG management plans; and participating in ESG information disclosure, report compilation and the annual management meeting of ESG for listed companies. ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG 13 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level The board To monitor the Company s assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue on the Company s business model To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESG-related targets and indicators To review and monitor environmental management policies and strategies Decision- making level The senior management ESG To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies and targets To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG To facilitate top-down ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branchesSet out below is the functional settings, specific duties and responsibilities of the Group s ESG management 14 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities Supervision level Responsible persons from various functional departments and branches To implement resolutions and report working situation to the decision-making level ESG To conduct researches on actual tasks according to the overall ESG strategy and direction To assign relevant working groups to implement the tasks To suggest work improvement for the coming year to the decision making level Execution level Working groups of various functional departments and regional companies To complete assigned tasks within own functions in accordance with the direction set by the supervision level To collect, organize and report relevant information on a regular basis To make timely feedback of practical working situation and make recommendations on the implementation of tasks To be responsible for dissemination of internal information EHS WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT The President and Vice-President of the Company is responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management, including CRB Institute of Technology, Procurement Management Center, Operation Center, Production Center, EHS Department, Risk Management and Internal Control Department, etc. Upon the gradual adjustment of organizational structure, it is clarified that the Group s water resources management strategy and performance have been directly responsible and coordinated by the Production Center in Headquarters, and the results are regularly reported to the President of the Company. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the latest requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group had formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into its development strategies since 2021. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and its actual business conditions, the Group had formulated its EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan. Departments such as the EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the President. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. The scope of assessment and evaluation includes production safety, environmental protection, occupational health, carbon emission management, food quality and safety, etc. The relevant ESG performance of the Group has been linked to the compensation of the management team. By establishing an EHS incentive mechanisms, formulating assessment methods with rewards and punishments specified, the Group is able to achieve and decompose EHS indicators for better implementation. The Group regularly assesses and evaluates the EHS work of business units as well as the completion of target tasks, the assessment results of which are included in the performance contract. The Group commends and rewards organizations and individuals that have achieved outstanding EHS performance or that have made important contributions to the improvement of EHS management standards. C2 EHS ESG 12 EHS ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 16 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS Unit2025 Targets (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (including Guizhou Jinsha)2020 BaselineChanges in 2023 vs. 2020 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)Changes in 2023 vs. 2020 (including Guizhou Jinsha) 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit1Tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 019 0. 021 0. 021 8 0 3 Water consumption intensity per unit3Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 68 2. 77 2. 80 2. 69 3 4 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions21, 000 tonnes CO2 equivalent 825 740 806 914 19 12 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity2Tonnes of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 068 0. 074 0. 084 18 11 (SO2) Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes 20 8 8 23 65 64 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 100 60 60 117 49 49 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 100 100 100 100 Recycling rate of dried spent yeast 100 100 100 100 4 Social (4 items) Average training hours per employee Hours 36. 1 39. 5 35. 5 29. 3 35 21 Total training hours of employees Thousand hours 866 938 966 779 20 24 Average training cost per employee RMB 426 1, 020 890 341 199 161 Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 0 Targets set in the Group s EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan are as below 17 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines of CR Beer. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. Due to the Company's rapid premiumization development, changing consumer demand and adjusting process technology of premium product, the Group has moderated its 2025 target on water consumption intensity per unit of its beer business to 2. 68 cubic metres kilolitre output, which is lower than the baseline of 2. 69 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2020. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group s business management and development. ESG 18 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline and online smart customer service system Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services 19 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG Relevant Requirements of Domestic and International Social Responsibility Standards Corporate Strategies and Operating Highlights Corporate Social Responsibility Management Requirements Stakeholders Analysis Agenda of Social Responsibility 1, 000 ESG (SASB) ESG ESG 26 ESG IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. In compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to CR Beer s Financial Position and Enterprise Value and Materiality to CR Beer s Environmental and Social Impact, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. During the year, the Group engaged an independent third-party consultant team to review, analyze and present a list of material topics through communication with stakeholders via questionnaires. More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders participated to rank the materiality of ESG topics. During the materiality analysis, after referring to the Sustainability Accounting Standard for the Alcoholic Beverages industry prepared by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the ESG disclosure by beer and baijiu peers, the communication with the Group s management and ESG related department, 26 ESG topics were selected as the most relevant to the Group s ESG management, presenting a more accurate classification. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material topic in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1 Employee Remuneration and Bene f its 2 Labour Sta ndards an d Labour Relat ions 3 Product Quality and Food Sa fety Management 4 Corporate Governance and Risk Management 5 Integrit y, Compliance & Business Ethics 6 Employee Training and Developm ent 7 Employee Com municatio n 8 Human right, Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 9 Occupa tional Health and Safety10 Empowering Retailers & Distributors 11 Supply Chain Management 12 Increasing Revenue and Return 19111082 913 Materiality to CR Beer s Environmental and Social Impact Materiality to CR Beer s Financial Position and Enterprise Value High Materiality Mod erate Materiality Low Mat eriality 13 Product and Technologica l Innovation 14 Environmental Compliance 15 Customer Services 16 Data Security and Privacy Protection 17 Water & Wastewater Management 18 Waste & Hazardous Materials Management19 Energy Management 20 Responsible Marketing 21 Circular Economy 22 Advoca ting Local Sourcing, Production and Sales 23 Green Packaging 24 Mitigating or Adapting to Climate Change 25 GHG Emissions 26 Advocating Rational Drinking4 5 6712 1314 151617 18 2021 22 23 262425Materiality Matrix and Table of All Stakeholders 21 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES As a member of the food industry, the Group deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise s success. The Group strictly controls the safety and quality of food to provide beer and baijiu products of the best quality in the market to customers. The Group makes innovation actively, protects intellectual property rights, and leads the industry to meet evolving market needs. The Group also encourages consumers to drink rationally to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. The Group observes strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the People s Republic of China on product quality, food safety, food labelling standards, consumer rights protection, etc., such as the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the Provisions on the Administration of Food Labeling, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Food-related Products, the Import and Export Food Safety Management Measures, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Product Anti-counterfeiting, the National Food Safety Standards General Principles for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food, etc. To this end, the Group formulated and issued the internal Food Safety Management Regulations, Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents, Food Recall Management Measures and Food Safety Risk Control Guidelines for CR Beer, as well as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents and the CRWH Measures on the Management of Selfinspection on Food Safety for the baijiu business, further enhancing its responsibility system and system construction to ensure food safety and quality compliance management. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group established the CR Beer Food Safety Risk Assessment Working Group, organizing all assessed units of CRSB to carry out self-assessment of food safety risk management and control, and conducted random checks on the units of Shenyang Plant, Liaoning Marketing Center, Hebei Plant, Tianjin Marketing Center, Chengdu Plant, Sichuan Marketing Center, Nanjing Plant, Jiangsu Marketing Center, Zhengzhou Plant, Henan Marketing Center, Wuhan Plant, and Hubei Marketing Center. In addition, the Group launched the evaluation of food safety risk control. On the basis of 24 elements of Snow MS QFS System, the Group established a unified system maturity evaluation model that combined with the quality management requirements of CRSB, consolidating the quality and food safety management system through internal audit, pre-examination assistance, supervision and certification audit, etc. In 2023, Snow MS QFS System has passed 95 international system certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, and HACCP. Guizhou Jinsha, a subsidiary of China Resources Wine Holdings Co., Ltd. ( CRWH ), has also made significant progress in quality management, and has successfully passed the certifications of Quality Management System (ISO9000), Environmental Management System (ISO14001), Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP), Occupational Health and Safety Management System (ISO145001), Energy Management System (ISO15001), and Measurement Management System (GB T19022- 2003 ISO10012), which are all certified by the CQA Quality Assurance Center. In order to further enhance the management of the Group s baijiu business, we followed the national standards and industry regulations for baijiu and issued internal policies and management systems for the baijiu business, such as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, and the CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents. SnowMS QFS SnowMS QFS 24 FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 (ISO9000) (ISO14001) (HACCP) (ISO145001) (ISO15001) (GB T19022-2003 ISO10012) 23 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportMoreover, the Group has established a comprehensive database of quality and food safety regulations which is updated timely. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmark against national standards and industry standards intensively. In 2023, 105 standards were revised and 136 standards were formulated for the beer business, while 35 new quality standards were added and 12 food safety management systems were revised for the baijiu business. At the same time, the Group also conducted training, assessment, and spot checks on relevant personnel to ensure the effective implementation of the standards. The Group completed the training of the State Administration of Market Supervision on the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises (Decree No. 60 of the State Administration of Market Supervision) and the Interpretation of the Administrative Measures for Food Business Licensing and Filing (Decree No. 79 of the State Administration of Market Supervision), issued a supplementary notice on the implementation of the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises to further standardize the appointment of food safety directors and food safety officers, as well as the format and filing requirements of the daily control, weekly investigation and monthly adjustment records of food safety. The Group issued the Notice on the Publication of Typical Food Safety Violations and Launching of Alert Activities, providing training for all employees on learning from food safety warning cases. employees from CR Beer passed the examination and were awarded the food safety management capability certificate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportProduction Material and Raw Material Security In order to cope with the risks in the supply chain of imported beer barley, ensure the safety of beer raw materials, and revitalize China s beer barley industry, the Group has launched an inter-departmental project entitled Research on Quality Improvement of Domestic Beer Barley and Quality Assurance System for Planting and Production. Through in-depth communication with government departments, industry associations, scientific research institutes, universities and colleges, upstream and downstream enterprises, as well as on-site investigation and analysis of the breeding, planting, and production sites of domestic beer barley, the Group was able to carry out relevant exploration and practice in terms of supply chain strategic cooperation, new variety research and development testing, and application and promotion of national barley, and was awarded the China Alcoholic Drinks ESG 2022 Excellent Social Welfare Case by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association. In order to strengthen the supply of baijiu raw materials, the Group officially launched a Red Sorghum Planting Project in the end of 2023. By establishing strategic cooperation with the Jinsha County Government, we shall build an exclusive planting base, procure raw materials locally, and set up QR code monitoring, to achieve 100 traceability of the source of raw materials for sauce-flavored baijiu and manage full-process food safety risks of baijiu product. In addition, the Group has set relevant requirements from seed selection to field management, and has imposed restrictions on the use of pesticides in pursuit of natural, organic, and healthy raw materials to improve the quality of its baijiu products at source. Quality Management of Incoming Raw Materials At the sourcing stage, in order to ensure that the purchased materials meet the quality standards, the Group s beer business has set up a three-gate system, whereby the headquarters, regions, and factories jointly conduct management and control. The headquarters assesses the risk of suppliers and stops supplying goods when there is a risk to ensure that the standards are met; before the suppliers deliver the goods, the regions carry out on-site potential inspections to ensure that unqualified products will not be delivered; and the factories carry out inspections at the time of the materials entering the factory. The materials are also checked when entering the factory in the baijiu business. ESG 2022 100 25 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group has continued to carry out food safety risk assessment on the cooperative production and marketing business between factories and distributors and organized the CRSB Purchasing Center and the Production Center to hold a thematic seminar on the supplier type inspection report, so as to set out standard requirements for the quality of the supplier type inspection. In terms of Baijiu business, Guizhou Jinsha employs a professional third-party organization with laboratory qualifications, such as the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) every year to rigorously spot check the procured materials for baijiu production according to the destinated food safety indexes. In 2023, the beer business sampled 190 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, food additives, bottle washing agents, and beer packaging materials, with 233 samples and 7, 741 test indexes; Guizhou Jinsha sampled 63 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, and baijiu packaging materials were sampled, with 70 samples and 846 test indexes. The test results all met the requirements of national standards on food safety, effectively ensuring the food safety of the production materials used in the Group s beer and baijiu businesses. Quality Management in the Production Process CRSB has formulated the 4ACCP technical specification, unified the analysis steps and methods of key control points in quality and food safety, standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure, and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specifications. The 4ACCP Control Plan is a control plan developed for the key control points of quality and food safety, which analyzes from the four aspects, i. e. food safety, food fraud, food threat and quality risk, determines key control points and critical limits, develops a control plan, and regularly monitors the implementation of control plan. CNAS) 190 233 7, 741 63 70 846 4ACCP 4ACCP 26 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTo maintain quality control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. During 2023, the verification and benchmark of Snow Star embraced beer, malt and hops, and a total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 24 supplier laboratories were verified to improve the inspection and testing capabilities. In addition, the Group formulated and strictly followed the internal Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a three-tier inspection system comprising self-inspection, mutual inspection, and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. By implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience of food tracking. As of the end of 2023, the Group has a first-class team of beer tasters in China with a total of 37 national-level judges, 4 of which are lifetime honorary judges; 2 national-level judges and 8 provincial-level judges for the baijiu business, 5 of which were awarded provincial Technical Masters. In addition, Guizhou Jinsha has set up a baijiu tasting committee and has realized sensory quality control over the entire production process of semi-finished and finished products. Quality Management of Products on the Market In 2023, all beer products of the Group passed both the ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all beer products were in compliance with the industrial and national standards of Beer. The total oxygen content of the product was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. In addition, all baijiu products of the Group have passed both the ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all baijiu products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of GB T 26760-2011 sauce-flavored Baijiu. All the test indicators of the finished products conformed to the standard of excellent sauce-flavored baijiu. The Group sets up three lines of defense approach at the product result stage, i. e. stringent quality control when products leave the factory, stringent protection checks on products, and support from quality personnel in the event of quality complaints in the market. The Group always pursues quality stability throughout the supply chain, from supplier evaluation to product delivery, with high standards of food safety and quality management to drive the high-quality development of beer and baijiu. The Group also extends its quality management to downstream by organizing regular training for logistics providers and distributors of its beer and baijiu businesses, empowering them with quality protection of finished alcoholic drinks and reducing transportation damages. In addition, the EHS Department and the Snow Production Technology Center jointly launched the Food Safety Management Audit for the year, which mainly inspected fresh beer, PET bottles, keg beers, and other types of beers, and set up and assessed production qualifications, contracting methods, raw material procurement, health of personnel, external inspection of products and information publicity, etc., and followed up on rectification and implementation of rectification, to ensure that the main responsibility for food safety of the enterprise was fulfilled. The Group not only adheres to strict self-discipline and requires employees to implement relevant food safety systems with high standards, but also extends risk management and control to suppliers, on-site related parties, outsourced business partners, etc. Through real-time intelligent monitoring, on-site random inspection, special training, strict assessment, warning conference and other methods, we are able to raise food safety awareness of employees, suppliers, related parties and outsourcers. EHS PET 28 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION To satisfy the ever-changing needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law, the Group has carried out intellectual property application, maintenance and rights protection work. Each plant and Jinsha Jiuye has formulated its own Measures for the Management of R&D Projects, covering innovation elements such as outcomes, standards, archives, incentives, talents, experts, and projects. In 2023, China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. conducted supervision and review of its intellectual property management concerning beer packaging design, beer production process research and development, and beer sales within its qualification scope, ensuring continuous compliance with the national standard GB T 29490-2013. The Group conducted multiple sessions of patent mining training and guidance in 2023, resulting in a 175 increase in the number of invention patents compared to 2022, thereby facilitating the development of high-value patents. GB T 29490-2013 175 29 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 214, 774, 484 588 4R1D 4 4 207 650 The CRB Institute of Technology of the Group actively organized innovation and empowerment training. In 2023, the Product Quality Innovation Workshop a thematic seminar titled Product Quality Stability and Consistency Enhancement was held. Through quality control empowerment and group discussions, solutions were developed to address pain points and challenges affecting product quality in R&D, procurement, production, operations, and marketing. Cutting-edge technology empowerment system training activities were held periodically, such as Patent Application Training, CRSB Dual Carbon Policy and Application Scenario of CR Beer, Knowledge Service and Open Source Intelligence Service, Intelligent Factory Construction under the Background of Digital Transformation, Invention and Patent Writing, Analysis of Patent Trend and Patent Mining Theme Training in the Brewing Industry, Specialized Training on Deduction for R&D, and Specialized Training on Management of R&D Projects, etc., to foster a culture of technological innovation. In 2023, the Group actively promoted independent research and development projects such as new product development, sustainable development, smart factory project, research on key flavor substances, brewing technology upgrades, and packaging diversification. The Group s research and development investment on these projects has amounted to RMB214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 professionals. In respect of the establishment of a green and low-carbon product development mechanism, the Group actively promoted research on packaging weight reduction and carbon reduction. During the year, it completed 4 surveys and published 4 publications of the Green Innovative Packaging Report, completed the formulation of the standards for the 207mL and 650mL light-weight bottles, started to carry out equipment modification, and launched feasibility studies and economic estimations on the activation of the lightweight bottles of Chinese branded products. At the same time, the Group proactively promoted the substitution of low-carbon raw materials for beer production. Currently, it has completed simulated production tests, simulated circulation tests, summarized evaluation experience, visited suppliers, and summarized analysis. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of new product development, the Group s beer business officially launched the new product Heineken 0. 0 beer in China in May 2023. Heineken 0. 0 is a pure 0. 0 vol beer for young people. It is brewed with a unique formula, with an alcohol content of less than 0. 03 vol, but innovatively retains the signature Heineken whole barley taste, providing an additional healthy choice for young people who prefer the taste of pure beer and pursue a healthy and balanced lifestyle. The Group s baijiu business has also continued to promote product iteration and brand image enhancement and launched the product Zhaiyao Jingzhi for corporate customers, as well as the differentiated small and unpackaged product Jinsha Xiaojiang, to cultivate a sauce-flavored taste among young consumers. The Group has always been committed to new product development to better meet the dual needs of consumers for health and quality, bringing more healthy and tasty choices to the market. In 2023, the Group s Snow and Jinsha were both recognized as Chinese Time-honored Brand by the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the Administration for Market Regulation, the China National Intellectual Property Administration and the National Cultural Heritage Administration, which effectively increased the value of the Company s intangible assets. In addition, as of December 2023, the Group had a total of 2, 518 internationally registered trademarks covering more than 150 countries and regions, of which the core brands of SNOW, Brave the World and Opera Mask basically achieved global coverage. New brands such as Marrsgreen, Brave the World superX, New Opera Mask and Craftsmanship have already covered major economically developed countries and regions in the world. In 2023, the Group promoted the transfer and centralization of regional intellectual property management functions to the headquarters, completed the handover of information and files on intellectual property affairs in 13 regions, and comprehensively commenced the collection of evidence and annual renewal of registered trademarks in respect of pending cases, key brand use and registration in the regions, so as to ensure orderly convergence and to strengthen the Group s intellectual property protection collaboration and sharing of service management resources. vol 0. 03 vol 2, 518 150 (SNOW) superX 13 31 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) ADVOCATING RATIONAL DRINKING AND RESPONSIBLE MARKETING AND PROMOTION As a beer manufacturer with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the national advocation of rational drinking and promotes a healthy and edified lifestyle, ensuring fair, reliable, and responsible marketing information. The Group implements a strict review system for content used in advertisement and the rules of prize-attached sales, to ensure the legality and compliance of marketing content and to prevent legal risks in advertising and prize-attached sales, while avoiding infringing on other people s rights. In addition, the Group has established a top-down management mechanism to supervise responsible marketing activities in all regions. In the meantime, employees are also responsible for the supervision of responsible marketing that once any employee found false advertisement to be forwarded, he or she should report the false advertisement in time. The Group regularly reviews all product marketing and promotion contents on yearly basis to ensure that the contents disseminated are legal and compliant as well as conform to the Group s concept of responsible marketing and to eliminate false marketing from the source. When the Group releases new advertisements, the group s legal compliance team will be involved in the advertising review process to ensure that the content of the advertisement does not violate relevant regulations. Additionally, various departments within the Group collect feedback and opinions from the Internet and customer communication, which may contain comments, suggestions, or corrections on the content of the advertisement, and the Group will modify the content of the advertisement according to the factual situation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportAdvocate Rational Drinking The Group has collaborated with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 9 consecutive years and has been a member of its Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee. The Group regularly organizes events such as National Rational Drinking Publicity Week every year to promote the concept of Drink Moderately, Live Happily to the entire industry and society. In 2023, the Group attended the press conference of the National Rational Drinking Publicity Week organized by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association s Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee, as well as the launch ceremony of the 2023 National Rational Drinking Publicity Week and the 2023 China Alcoholic Drinks Industry ESG Forum. As a member of the China Alcoholic Drinks Association, the Group actively fulfills its social responsibility to promote the sustainable and healthy development of China s beverage industry, and takes the lead in advocating rational drinking. All of our alcoholic beverages carry a logo related to responsible drinking on their outer packaging. In addition, the Group and its strategic cooperation brand Heineken beer jointly advocate and support the commitment to responsible drinking. The brand invests about 10 of its yearly media budget in promoting rational drinking and responsible drinking. In our management and operation practice, employees from senior level to grass roots are not allowed to offer alcoholic drink products to those who are under the legal drinking age, and are forbidden from overstating the effect of our products on the environment and society in marketing campaigns, as well as advertising to consumers about selling points based on facts unproven by science. ChinaSAO) ESG 10 33 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group emphasizes the importance of promoting rational drinking by establishing an internal management system of responsible marketing to further ensure legal compliance. It is stipulated that the encouraging or inductive contents such as unrestrained drinking or drinking excessively are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The communication contents and content review mechanism are also clearly stipulated in the related guidelines, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the enterprise advertising contents to be released soon, guiding consumers correctly from the root. In addition, the Group has always adhered to the principle of honesty and integrity, and strictly prohibits the dissemination of false information about competitors products to customers in product advertisements and other marketing practices, in order to maintain a fair and regulated market. The Group publicizes internally the special prohibitions on alcohol advertising and strictly implements them, including but not limited to No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of unrestrained drinking. No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others. Apart from clearly indicating ingredients and alcohol content on product packages, the Group also prompts persuasive signs and words such as Excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to health in print, television, film, and digital advertisements as well as in product labels, taking the initiative to give potential risk warnings. Target group of responsible marketing Targeting people who have reached the legal drinking age. The marketing and promotion should aim to steer clear of those who under the legal drinking age (for example, objects, images, styles, symbols, colors, music and characters including cartoon characters that appeal to children or adolescent should not be used in marketing campaigns and commercial publicity). Avoiding using false information (e. g., not implying or claiming that beer has therapeutic or health benefits). Ensuring that employees are knowledgeable about the rules pertaining to responsible marketing. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) CUSTOMER SERVICES AND PRIVACY PROTECTION Customer Services Upholding the operating philosophy of Prioritizing Customer Experience, the Group has been striving to improve customer satisfaction and build good and long-term customer relationships. During the reporting period, the Group continued to improve its customer service system and optimized its rapid response system for client complaints. Upon receiving such work order, the customer service consultant must contact the consumer within 30 minutes to understand details and strive to resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. For complaints about defective product, it is necessary to reply to the customers in the customer service system within 72 hours, maintain the progress of processing, upload photos of physical alcohol drinks, etc. System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint processes are recorded online, which enables the customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant departments to improve. At the end of 2022, the Group launched a smart customer service system, which adopts a parallel service mode of robots and manual seats. Robots can provide 24-hour uninterrupted service and continuously improve customer experience. Rectification the Group s customer service team conducts real- time and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. The plant should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer. As of the end of 2023, the return-to-plant rate of complained beer reached 99. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(5) Business linkage the business operation departments need to acknowledge customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customer-oriented beer enterprise. In terms of customer service construction for the newly acquired baijiu business, Jinsha Jiuye has formulated and implemented the Jinsha Jiuye Customer Service Management Measures and Jinsha Jiuye Damaged Alcohol Drinks Management Measures to set up a 400-0851-999 service hotline, whereby the dedicated customer service staff of the Operations Department receives complaint information, and answers on-site the information that can be handled, and immediately edits the work order for information that needs to be handled by the professional departments to be dispatched to the professional departments. Professional department customer service counterparts need to respond to the work order within 30 minutes, contact consumers to understand the situation, and strive for the first time for customers to solve the problem. For product complaints, information about the product (pictures of the physical alcohol drinks anti-counterfeit labels, etc.) is fed back to the Operations Department and the Technology and Quality Department in the first instance to provide expert advice on how to handle the complaint. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of beer product quality, the number of complaints about defective beer products received by the Group in 2023 decreased significantly by 11 year-on-year, and the complaint rate of defective beer products decreased from 4. 4 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output to 4. 1 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output. Complaint rate of defective products number of complaints about defective products total output)(5) 400-0851- 999 30 19. 5 11 4. 4 4. 1 87 37 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe table below shows the customer service indicator for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Unit 2023 2022 Number of complaint received Cases 22, 058 20, 607 Number of complaints about defective product Cases 4, 580 4, 992 Number of complaints about poor service Cases 17, 478 15, 615 Customer complaint settlement rate 97. 0 96. 0 Re-visit rate of customer complaints 89. 8 90. 0 Effective communication rate of call center 99. 7 99. 6 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 99. 6 99. 5 Responsive time after receiving complaint Minutes30 Within 30 minutes30 Within 30 minutes Survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling Points 87. 0 87. 0 38 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Personal Information Protection The Group attaches great importance to the protection of personal information and strictly complies with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the The Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People s Republic of China and other laws and regulations, and enforces the regulatory norms and requirements of the relevant standards to carry out the governance of the protection of personal information. In terms of governance system, the Group has formulated relevant systems such as CR Beer s Information Security Management Measures, Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidelines, Employee Personal Information Protection Management Measures, as well as Personal Information Protection Policy and Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment and other templates, and follow the personal information processing principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, integrity, clear purpose, minimal processing, and openness and transparency to carry out personal information protection and management. In terms of implementation management, in order to standardize the Group s legal and compliance work related to personal information protection, the Group conducts comprehensive personal information protection compliance reviews in all aspects of personal information processing, continuously improves its ability to identify and handle compliance risks, implements the responsibilities and requirements for the protection of personal information, and endeavors to ensure that issues relating to the protection of personal information are managed and controlled comprehensively and effectively to protect the interests and privacy of customers and users. In terms of its business, The Group is in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management, and all levels can only view complaints and consumer information within their authority. Staff is forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers who initiated the complaint and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When customers file complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete their relevant personal information. The Group also extends its management to its upstream suppliers, requiring all suppliers who possess customers privacy information to comply with relevant laws and regulations, so as to maximize the protection of consumers privacy and information security. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of strengthening staff awareness, the Group has continued to enhance staff awareness of personal information protection by launching personal information protection related training and special activities such as the Special Topic on Data Security and Personal Information Protection Compliance. Information Security In 2023, the Group issued the Management Measures for the Protection of Employees Personal Information to establish a system for the protection of employees personal information. The Group follows the principles of rationalization and minimization of impact in the collection of employees personal information, and specifies the scope of use, process, and confidentiality requirements for employees personal information, so as to enhance the security of employees personal information and fulfill the Company s obligations in respect of the protection of employees personal information. At the same time, training on the employee personal information protection system was launched to enhance the understanding and importance of the protection of personal information by departments and employees at all levels. In 2023, the Group s Intelligence and Digitization Department compiled the 2023 Cyber Security Awareness Handbook, which covers publicity on topics such as the Personal Information Protection Law, compliance regulations when sending email information, third- party personnel information security management, the use of genuine software, e-mail security, prevention of malware, prevention of e-mails fraud, and office security, and organized the handbook promotion and training. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group focused on the enhancement of employees security awareness by organizing regular information security trainings covering awareness overview, types of cybersecurity threats, typical cases of cybersecurity and cybersecurity threat prevention, etc. The Group promotes online videos through the online platform Runjiu Academy and regularly publishes articles on information security on the Run Work Platform to provide employees with daily drip training to improve employees awareness of information security protection. Throughout the year, the Group organized a total of 4 online and offline security awareness trainings covering all employees, with the training time being no less than one hour. In addition, as a member of China Resources Group, CR Beer fully cooperated with China Resources Group in carrying out the 2023 national-level cybersecurity attack and defense exercise, assisted the Group in achieving excellent results, and was awarded collective second-class merit and nine individual awards by the Group. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any substantiated complaints about infringement of customers privacy and theft, leakage, and loss of customers data or important information. In the course of its operations, the Group also requires its confidential staff to strictly comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Group s Confidentiality Management System, and customer service staff signed the Confidentiality Commitment before taking up their posts, so as to implement the confidentiality responsibility system, fulfill their confidentiality obligations and safeguard the security of information in a practical manner., 1 5 9 41 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDigital Transformation In order to meet the needs of CR Beer s second organizational transformation and the development of the Company in the coming years, the Group has established the CR Beer Digitization Committee in 2023 on the basis of the former Information Technology Upgrading Committee to make digitization one of the Company s core strategies, to promote the Company s digitization construction and operation, and to enhance the Company s production and operational efficiency by using digitization. As the leadership, the Digitalization Committee assumes the overall responsibility for leading the transformation. A permanent project management office has been set up in the Intelligence and Digitalization Department, which is specifically responsible for the daily work of the Committee. Leadership Group of the Digitalization Committee Project Management Of f ice Smart Purchasing Special Committee Intelligent Manufacturing Special Committee Supply Chain Control Tower Special Committee Marketing Digitization Special Committee Shared Operations Special Committee Baijiu Special Committee Leadership Special Committee 42 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group achieved good results in its digital transformation, with the Company s digital coverage rate increasing from 44 at the beginning of the year to 56. Relying on the digital system, the efficiency of business processing in key business segments such as procurement, production, sales and operation has been greatly improved, especially the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, thus giving full play to the effectiveness of digitization. The shared operation construction for human resources and finance has also achieved significant results, with the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources work order service improved by 37. The Group s outstanding digitization efforts have been recognized by China Resources Group as the Smart and Digitized Demonstration Unit 2022-2023. Its shared operation and beer manufacturing production management digital industrial internet platform application project won the State-owned Enterprises Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award rewarded by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. V) SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine undertaking, tendering and bidding process and rules, etc. In addition, the Group advances the priority of quality and extension and co- creation of the industrial chain through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure and ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve a win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. The Group actively responds to national policies, strictly abides by laws and regulations on tendering and bidding, standardizes the bidding and procurement processes, actively responds to the national policy call for optimizing the business environment, and prevents any restrictions or exclusion of suppliers on the basis of unreasonable conditions. The Group pursues responsible procurement, formulates and implements second third-level special supplier management systems such as CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Procurement Management System and CRWH Rules on Supplier Qualification Review Management for Procurement Projects in a bid to advance the priority of quality and extension and co-creation of the industrial chain through ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 44 The Group s two business lines of beer and baijiu, both implement procurement processes such as supplier introduction, bidding, public procurement and price inquiry, and follows three key principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, with a responsible procurement ratio of 100. By formulating standards of supplier screening and on- site accreditation as well as urging suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment, the Group advocates suppliers to devote themselves to environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption, full recycling of resources, human rights assessment, etc. In order to fulfil our social responsibility with respect to supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, we require suppliers to read out and affix seals to the Supplier Commitment in both the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers and CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers. During the on-site certification of suppliers, we will verify the total number of employees and registered insured persons of the supplier, and advocate the protection of employee rights to the supplier. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group has developed the Supplier Evaluation Scoring Sheet, which covers the basic requirements that suppliers should meet in environmental protection, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental impact assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water, solid waste treatment equipment, etc. Besides, the Group requires all suppliers for beer operations and baijiu businesses to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Ethical procurement; Adopting safety protection measures in the working environment to ensure the occupational health of employees; Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effects on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environment-related technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Respecting the human rights of employees, guaranteeing basic employee rights and working hours of employees, and guaranteeing equal employment; Not using child labour and forced or debt-paying employees, and abiding by the relevant provisions of the Labour Contract Law of the PRC; Carrying out knowledge and compliance tests of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and self-discipline they should perform. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 752 4, 300 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers Number of suppliers reviewed Suppliers 547 347 Number of suppliers whose cooperation was terminated due to noncompliance Suppliers 44 19 Number of potential suppliers rejected due to noncompliance Suppliers 92 0 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 9 99. 7 Other regions 0. 1 0. 3 (1) SRM 117 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The Group carries out dynamic circulatory management of suppliers list in beer operation and baijiu business and implemented a supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation, elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee in accordance with the relevant regulations. The Group issued a public solicitation and sourcing announcement for bulk production materials such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials on the CRH Integrity Electronic Bidding Platform (hereinafter referred to as Integrity Platform ), and publicized the supplier access standards on Integrity Platform and SRM System. In 2023, 117 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(2) Supplier certification The procurement department of each unit of the Group determines the scope of supplier certification according to the industry characteristics, supply and demand relationship and material characteristics of actual categories. On- site certification is carried out for bulk materials or services such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials with special requirements for subject matter quality, supply guarantee, food safety and asset safety. New suppliers who fail to pass the on-site certification were given a rectification period within 6 months. If they are still unqualified in the second certification, their application for on-site certification will be rejected within 2 years. Supplier cooperation assessment The suppliers cooperating with the Group in the year shall be assessed annually. The Group conducts monthly assessments on the cooperation with suppliers to ensure the effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. The application of process assessment results includes warning, interview, deduction of supply, suspension of supply, direct elimination, etc. Unqualified suppliers shall be eliminated and prohibited from use within 3 years. Dishonest suppliers would be included in the blacklist of suppliers after approval, with a period of no less than 5 years for cooperation cease. In 2023, the Group reviewed a total of 3, 741 suppliers, and proactively terminated cooperation with 44 suppliers and added them to the Supplier Blacklist. Supplier empowerment The Group has formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Star- rated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. In addition, after on-site certification, we urged rectification, promoted the timely application of new technologies, new equipment and new methods in the industry at special meetings, and organized training, benchmarking, mutual exchanges and other activities to help suppliers tackle problems and upgrade their skills. Dynamic management of supplier list CRSB supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. Guizhou Jinsha launched the supplier collaborative management system in November 2023 to collect information about suppliers in the original Supplier Qualified List of Guizhou Jinsha. Suppliers on the list that do respond to information collection or participate in training will be eliminated and excluded from the supplier collaborative management system. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, there were 547 core suppliers of production materials reviewed by the Procurement Management Center of the Group, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certification in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO4500 118001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certification in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO9001 or equivalent standards. We encouraged the suppliers to implement environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. When conducting on-site accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should be understood and followed for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should be understood and followed for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of suppliers of the Group and the cooperation will be ceased for two years. the Group conducted a test regarding What Should Be Understood and Followed for newly-joint suppliers only, so the number presented above does not include suppliers who had previously completed relevant tests. ISO45001 18001 424 HACCP, ISO 9001 69 400 Unit 2023 2022 Number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should be understood and followedSuppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 0 Pass rate 100 100 Elimination rate 0 0 48 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 (VI) PROMOTING GOVERNANCE AND INTEGRITY Business Ethics and Integrity Compliance The Group strictly obeys national laws and regulations pertaining to anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and executes relevant systems of its parent company in its production and operation and earnestly carries out the system regulations such as the CRH s Business Code of Practice, the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited, and the Ten Directives of China Resources. In active response to the requirements of the Measures for Compliance Management of Central Enterprises issued by the State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the Group strictly follows the relevant norms on compliance management, participates in the decision-making of major issues about the Company, strictly conducts 100 legal review of the contracts, systems and major business decisions required by the State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, so as to effectively prevent and control compliance-related risks, and keep a good line of defense against compliance. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribes, extortion, fraud, money-laundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruption. All employees of CR Beer signed a confidentiality pledge, promising to abide by confidentiality obligations and business ethics. In addition, the Group has organized the setting of a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn accordance with the instructions and regulatory requirements at all levels, the audit team of the Group prepares a three-year audit work plan around the audit orientation every three years. In order to effectively prevent and resolve major risks, in 2023, the Group revised the CR Beer Measures for the Implementation of Accountability for Investment in Illegal Operation, and newly established the CR Beer Guidelines for Handling Investment Problems and Clues in Illegal Operation, strengthening the supervision of departments and posts with concentrated power, intensive capital, rich resources and concentrated assets of enterprises, and strictly investigating clues of illegal problems in equity investment, engineering construction and fund management to promote compliance operation and high-quality development of the enterprise. The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, and enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, construction, operation and capital management as well as key positions. In 2023, the audit department of the Group carried out the establishment and continuous optimization and update of the approval procedures in operating to facilitate the second-time organizational transformation, and thus to further strengthen the control and the operational efficiency. No material problem concerning the above issues was identified by the Group based on the audit results 18 51 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, and construction of major projects to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. The Group insists that power shall go with responsibility, responsibility must be taken, discipline must be pursued, and failure must be accountable; and the disciplinary inspection department of the Group resolutely punishes corruption without wavering, and handles letters and cases in strict accordance with rules, disciplines and laws. In 2023, for the sake of regulating and preventing corruption risks and promoting business transactions to be conducted in an honest and clean manner, the Group formulated and implemented two systems, namely, the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy, aiming at further improving the compliance system. The Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy clarifies the prohibited behaviors to prevent bribery, and regulates behaviors involving offering benefits, entertainment and souvenirs, charitable donations and sponsorships. The Whistleblowing Policy applies to all employees, management, directors and external third parties with business dealings, clarifies the following aspects in reporting the suspected behaviors, the protection of whistleblowers, confidentiality, reporting channels, anonymous report, investigation, false report and so on. During the reporting period, the Group tracked 100 of cases with the reported clues. The Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Group has also created a column entitled Integrity and Original Aspiration, which focuses on promoting the construction of integrity culture, takes Integrity as the theme and Original Aspiration as the main line, and sets up four sections, namely, Integrity Information, Warning and Vigilance, Ethics and Law Lecture, and Greater Supervision, to publicize the clean culture of CR Beer. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group held two company-wide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 employees, including management-level staff, to continually build up employees awareness of rules. Subordinate secondary units held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. At the same time, more than 30 people participated in the integrity education on the theme of family style for newly promoted, externally introduced and young cadres. In addition, more than 600 people attended the special meeting of publicizing the integrity culture of the marketing system, operation system and major engineering projects and discussing and co- constructing with partners such as distributors, carriers and contractors, which promoted the construction of integrity cooperation atmosphere and effectively prevented integrity risks. The Group strictly complies with relevant national laws, regulations and internal management systems, and severely handles employees violations of discipline and law. In 2023, a total of 10 employees of the Group committed corruption-related violations of regulations and disciplines and were sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment. The Group has terminated the employment relationship with the above employees in accordance with relevant systems and established a case review mechanism to prevent similar types of cases from happening again. The above cases have not had a significant impact on the Group s business. Procurement Integrity The Group, following compliance operation, is committed to creating a culture of integrity work by promoting integrity culture to its partners, while informing its partners of the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations, etc. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal connected transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, and receipt of gifts. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group allocates the procurement approval process to each unit, and accurately divides the list of procurement items and the main responsibility authority. It also carries out hierarchical license management in accordance with procurement category authority and approval limit. It actively adopts the Integrity Platform, promotes the deep integration of bidding and purchasing work with the Internet, and finally realizes efficient, professional, standardized, safe and low- cost bidding management. In the CR Beer Procurement Management System and the CRWH Procurement Management System, the Group clearly stipulates that suppliers must include Sunshine Undertaking as an annex in the preparation of procurement documents and contracts, requiring suppliers to cooperate in good faith; at the same time, it is clearly stipulated that the working group personnel and reviewers involved in procurement activities should sign the Commitment Letter of Integrity and Self-discipline of Procurement Personnel before participating in procurement, know the relevant regulations of the company on integrity and self-discipline of procurement, and ensure strict implementation of all commitments. In addition, we stipulate in the CR Snow Measures for the Administration of Suppliers and the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers that it is necessary to strengthen the publicity of integrity during the on-site certification of suppliers, require suppliers to read out and seal the Supplier Commitment, promising to support CR Snow to establish an open, fair and competitive business environment and respect the values and management principles of CR Snow, and at the same time putting an end to corruption and win over, so as to form a good cooperation atmosphere with a clean and positive atmosphere. During the first meeting about on-site certification of suppliers, the Group focused on promoting the culture of integrity procurement to its suppliers, creating a clean working atmosphere, and positively conveying the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations that such suppliers should know and follow, so as to promote anti- corruption and integrity to a deeper extent. In 2023, the publicity coverage of the Group towards centralized materials and suppliers of sizeable materials reached 100. 100 100 100 54 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group, taking into account the practical business, resolved to promote and implement compliance management system in the field of bidding and procurement coming with high compliance risks, organized the proposed compliance officers involved in the field of bidding and procurement to participate in the compliance training camp, actively promoted the certified compliance officers in the field to take up the post, and advanced the implement of compliance management system. In 2023, the Procurement Management Center of the Group in beer operation and baijiu business adhered to the multi-level education and publicity of business ethics, integrity warnings and anti- corruption for core members such as employees, supplier management and sales personnel at all levels through various means, such as the procurement system as the key link, supplemented by the annual central business meeting of the Procurement Center, the supplier conference, the first meeting of on-site certification, and the holiday integrity notice. Tax Risk Management In terms of tax-related financial matters, in 2023, the Group s beer business as a whole was taxed in accordance with the statutory corporate income tax rate of 25, except for companies in Sichuan, Tibet and other regions enjoying a preferential tax rate of 15 for the development of the western region, and companies in Tibet enjoying partial exemption in ethnic autonomous areas. The Group s tax risk events in 2023 have been properly handled and no significant disputes have arisen. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportAnti-monopoly and Anti-unfair Competition The Group has fully implemented the arrangements of antimonopoly and anti-unfair competition. In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group followed up the revision of the Anti- Monopoly Law real time, discussed the possible major impacts on the Company s business, made risk warnings and gave corresponding control suggestions. The Group drafted and issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alert in Anti-Monopoly Law Enforcement Cases, and analyzed the first antimonopoly punishment case of the General Administration of Market Regulation next year, so as to provide a reference for the Company s business compliance. With regard to the daily operations of the Company, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group reviewed the newly launched information system, packaging, product manual, promotion plan, channel construction and other links that might involve unfair competition, and made preventive suggestions. In addition, it carried out professional training on themes such as brand compliance system management, brand endorsement risk prevention, distribution rebate and marketing criminal warning line. In terms of risk management for marketing and anti-dumping and countervailing duty, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group conducted anti-monopoly legal risk training for the Company s senior leaders and professional training on internet business law for the company's legal team in 2023. During contract review and other business document reviews, the Group paid attention to anti-unfair competition, anti-monopoly, commercial bribery and other issues to ensure business compliance. The Group formulated model marketing contracts and model beer distribution contracts to escort business compliance. In addition, the Group formulated personal information protection compliance, data compliance and other systems to prevent relevant legal risks. In 2023, the Group has not been punished by government regulatory authorities due to monopoly or unfair competition. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to a people-oriented management and operation principle for many years. The Group not only strictly complies with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Social Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China, the Regulations on Insurance for Work- related Injury, the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Protection of Women s Rights and Interests, the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China, the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Promotion of Basic Medical and Health Care, the Prohibition on Child Labor and the Law on the Protection of Minors, but also established human resources management system and management regime, continuously improving and upgrading to properly and effectively manage all employment matters. The Group respects the rights of employees, protects their legitimate rights and interests according to law, provides comprehensive rights and interests protection services for employees, pursues an equal and non-discriminatory labor employment policy, opposes forced labor, eliminates the use of child labor, respects freedom of association, strives to provide employees with a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment, and understands and meets their various needs on work and life. The Group deeply recognizes that the staff is critical to the development of the Group s business, and is of great significance to our product quality, food safety and service reputation. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivating employees professional skills and encourages career development. I) EQUAL EMPLOYMENT The Group safeguards the employment principle of equality. Hiring information system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labor force on a voluntary basis during the site interview and other scenarios. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDuring the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labor. In term of human rights management, the Procurement Management Center of the Group stipulates in the Supplier Commitment of the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers that all suppliers must respect the human rights of employees, protect the basic rights of employees and the working hours of employees, etc., and require suppliers to read and sign the Supplier Commitment. As the Group s business presence is across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and introduced management trainee and school enrollment system to promote school-enterprise cooperation and employment. Moreover, the Group also encourages employee diversity, cares for women, advocates equal employment rights for people with disabilities, and provides employment opportunities for retired military personnel. Over 46. 9 of the staff had obtained a bachelor s degree. The Group is also employing more than 50 people with disabilities. II) STAFF REMUNERATION AND BENEFIT The Group continued to follow its well-established internal systems and guidelines, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Remuneration Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System, the Manager s Performance Entitlements and Business Expenses Management System, the Recruitment Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, safeguarding the staff s rights and interests. At the same time, the Group continuously improves and enhances the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of the management remuneration system, the Group provides long-term incentives such as deferred cash for employees to the President and Vice President, the chief and deputy heads of headquarters departments, the general managers of provincial marketing centers, the directors of core plants, and the sales general managers of provincial capitals and first-line core regions to enhance their work momentum. In respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays, in addition to strictly complying with the national and local laws and regulations, the Group also follow its internal policies on staff package and benefits, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, to protect the rights and interests of employees. The Group s business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. OA) 59 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) STAFF MANAGEMENT The Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. The Group has designated the manager in charge of labor policies to act as coordinator during employment. Whenever breaches are identified, they shall be raised to the coordinator immediately. The cases would then be delegated to be investigated and reported relevant personnel on labor policies. The coordinator shall report and make recommendation to the director of human resources department for approval after conducting the analysis. After the above process, the coordinator will confirm the results. Overall, the Group conducts a systematic internal and external risk assessment of the human resources management system on an annual basis and formulates mitigation measures. When abnormal risks occur, the relevant subsidiaries will sort out the risk-related information, including but not limited to the situation of the incident unit, the cause and nature of the incident, the basic process, the scope of influence, the development trend of the incident, the requested items and the disposal suggestions. Within 24 hours, it s necessary to report to CR Snow by telephone and CR working platform in time. At the same time, the Group has established a reflection mechanism for disputes, reflected on labor disputes in the previous year annually, formulated and implemented rectification plans, extracted excellent experiences and examined employment management risks. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise HR personnel s awareness of the risk of labor employment disputes. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labor rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees People 27, 232 24, 027 Total number of employees by gender Male People 19, 490 17, 456 Female People 7, 742 6, 571 Total number of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below People 7, 266 5, 457 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 People 10, 815 10, 473 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 874 6, 189 50 Employees with age 50 or above People 2, 277 1, 908 Total number of employees by region Mainland China People 27, 179 23, 984 Hong Kong People 53 43 Total number of employees with special care Total number of employees with disabilities People 55 83 The scope of the Group s human resources related data mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees by grade 514 809 Senior management People 466 687 Male People 48 122 Female People 2, 365 2, 379 Middle-level employees People 1, 961 1, 970 Male People 404 409 Female People 24, 353 20, 839 Junior employees People 17, 063 14, 799 Male People 7, 290 6, 040 Female People The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Voluntary turnover rate of employees 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by gender Male 11. 5 9. 3 Female 6. 4 5. 3 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below 26. 9 26. 4 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 5. 5 4. 2 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 2. 1 1. 3 50 Employees with age 50 or above 1. 8 0. 5 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by region Mainland China and Hong Kong 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate Number of employees in that category who voluntarily propose to leave (resignation, contract expiration, etc.) Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands various needs and demands from staff proactively through maintaining intimate and positive communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. The Group keeps a thorough internal communication system through various channels like visits to frontline operation, communication with the general manager and mail box. The Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership. By clarifying the functional positioning, power and responsibility boundaries and operation specifications of multi-level staff representative meetings such as group, company and business meetings, the Group effectively promotes the full play of staff representative meetings at all levels, which is conducive to promoting the all-round and multi-level participation of employees in the democratic management of the Group, promoting the cohesion and consultation between enterprises and employees, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of employees, and stimulating a strong endogenous driving force for the healthy development of enterprises. The Group respects staff s rights to participate, establish, and refusal of participation in a labor union, striving to ensure that the labor union is a qualified and exemplary home for employees. In 2023, the Group had been in full compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China to establish union with 100 rate on staff participation in the union. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTo consider and facilitate communications between staff, the Group has set up work guidance about staff care and realizes the all-round care to staff s safety, emotion and self-realization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, as well as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to build up teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through annual research on corporate culture recognition and various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, and mailbox of the general manager, so as to understand the staff s satisfaction with their roles and responsibilities. Since 2018, the Group has conducted employee surveys on corporate culture identity every year for five consecutive years. In 2023, 84 staff of CRSB participated in the survey, with an overall improved score of 81 on job satisfaction and respect. staff of Guizhou Jinsha participated in the 2023 survey, the results of which showed that the employees of Guizhou Jinsha generally recognized the company s strategic development goals and corporate culture, with an overall satisfaction score of 89. 49. The Group is dedicated to promoting the work-life balance and ensuring the physical health, safety, and well-being of its staff by providing various non-monetary benefits to motivate and encourage them. These benefits include the provision of care for female employees, parental leave, learning and training opportunities, career counselling, free body examinations, occupational disease prevention examination services, etc., which contribute to the physical and mental health and career development of employees, and ensure the long-term stable performance of employees at all levels. In terms of mental health, the Group launched psychological counselling services for employees in 2023 and established a feedback mechanism of employee voice to take care of the mental health of employees and conduct corresponding reviews. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d 200 f Case The labor union of China Resources Beer Headquarters organized employees in Beijing to carry out a team building activity with the theme of Riding the Winds and Waves for a Bright Future, and nearly 200 employees in Beijing participated in this activity. j f fCase Miss Liu Yueqin, Director of Beer Products of CRB Institute of Technology, was awarded the title of National women's Meritorious Model by the All-China Women's Feberation. The awarding ceremony of Liu Yueqin Innovation Studio was successfully held in Hebei Plant. In October, emergency rescue (AHA certification) training was held in Beijing and Chengdu, and 24 employees participated in the training and obtained the International First Aid Certificate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j FUNd f e e d 140 e f Case The networking event, Youth Gala Day, with the theme of Summer FUN, Camping Party were successfully held. Through organizing relaxed and interesting outdoor camping and youthful and active game interaction, a trendy social platform has been built for young employees with 140 young people participated in this unique thematic party. j d d 30 f Case On 16 December 2023, the Group held Snow Day event as scheduled to celebrate the 30th anniversary of China Resources Beer. In this regard, the Group has been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and is committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. The Group has a mature and systematic team of trainers, professional learning design and training operation team, and innovatively refined the organizational learning methodology and talent training mechanism with the characteristics of CR Beer and adapted to the corporate strategy, to create a number of outstanding talent training programmes that are in line with the Group s strategy and business development. The Group reaches leading level in the industry in terms of course quality, quantity and trainer quality. The Group s self- explored talent training methodology has been registered as a copyright by the National Copyright Administration, and has won series of Best Practice Award for Talent Training by Training magazine, CSTD and other well-known enterprise training platforms in China. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, CR Beer Learning and Innovation Center took the CR Beer 3 3 3 Strategy in the New Era as the starting point, the strategic management theme of Excellent Development for Success in Premiumization and the human resources strategy of Leading Change for Success in Talents, practiced the learning concept of From Business to Business and organized all functional lines, sales divisions, regional production departments and Baijiu project company of CR Beer as a whole to carry out the talent training work by category, classification and comprehensive coverage around team construction, beer and baijiu empowerment, digital learning and training management. Under the background of organizational reshaping, transformation and upgrading, the Group fully utilizes the resources of online learning platform of CR Beer Academy of Beer & Baijiu and offline training programs and workshops, to achieve the goal of strengthening the talent team, dual empowerment, online expansion and excellent management to improve the learning management mechanism, enhance the quality of talents, improve organizational efficiency, create business value, and promote premiumization development. Relevant training data contains online and offline training programs. The online training programs were carried out through the Group s self-developed online learning platform Runjiu Academy. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Strengthening the talent team 100 454 270 200 140 270 228 Leading Talent 100The Group has developed a team of senior command talents who can cope with challenges and help the Group to succeed, introduced business education with in-depth Chinese and global educational content, and built a young, professional, market-oriented and international leadership talent pool oriented to the future. The classes of 2022 and 2023 covered about 454 person-times. In 2023, about 270 person- times were covered. Purchasing talent training project It aimed to take insight into external industry trends and implement purchasing strategic intentions; absorbed external frontier practice, and improved purchasing ability by benchmarking. In 2023, about 200 person-times were covered. High-performance middle-level project in the production system It aimed to meet the needs of production system business development and intelligent transformation, effectively improve the management ability of high-performance middle-level management in the production system, and build a high-quality talent echelon for the production system. In 2023, about 140 person-times were covered. Management trainee training program of Fearless Trainees and Future Stars training camp It aimed to establish a comprehensive supporting management talent echelon to meet the training needs of the Company s business development for middle-level management. In 2023, 270 and 228 person-times were covered, respectively. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Dual Empowerment 4 ITBP ITBP 160 1 1 1 1 360 105 72 Terminal Integrated Operation Workshop Referring to terminal cost input modes of national excellent marketing centers, the Group summarized and explored a set of terminal integrated operation modes suitable for the whole country. Four workshops were held in 2023. In 2023, about 160 person-times were covered. White Bone Demon Backbone Talents Training Project of Baijiu SalesThe Group created a platform combining training with practice, trained a group of excellent middle-level personnel, developed a set of skills and knowledge maps, and established a set of experience-sharing mechanisms. In 2023, about 360 person-times were covered. Baijiu Empowering Beauty Internal Trainer Training Project Adhering to the principle of being useful and educated, putting use first, the Group helped to develop baijiu trainer sessions. In 2023, about 105 person-times were covered. Baijiu as White as Jade Baijiu Trainers Ability Improvement ProjectIt aimed to improve the training professional ability of baijiu trainers, and help baijiu project companies to carry out talent development. In 2023, about 72 person-times were covered. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Online extension 5 3 HRBP HRBP 13 35 17 200 13 Snow Lecture Hall It aimed to transform the practical experience of the leaders of each business unit into the experience and capabilities of the organization. In 2023, three business case courses were developed. CR Snow HRBP Micro-course Competition It aimed to precipitate learning resources, increase learning convenience and build a solid HRBP team. In 2023, a total of 13 professional courses and 35 video micro-courses were produced. Development of Micro-course Series on Baijiu s General Knowledge It aimed to develop micro-courses of baijiu general knowledge, start employees learning and growth, tell baijiu product stories well, and spread baijiu brand voices. In 2023, 17 micro-course series on Baijiu s general knowledge were produced, with a total learning time of 200 minutes. In 2023, 13 case courses on the best organizational experience of channel marketing were produced. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Optimizing the management Learning System Construction It aimed to improve the training system to help the training business. In 2023, 14 system optimizations of China Resources Beer were completed, including 1 first-level management system, 6 second-level management methods and 7 third-level training technology and operation guidelines. In 2023, more than 1, 000 video courseware were added to the platform, and 25 functions of three modules were optimized and developed. Learner Conference Through the sharing of internal and external experts, project competitions, and the co-creation of sub-venue topics, it broadened the innovative thinking mode of beer baijiu dual empowerment, and formed a set of excellent project design cases to help each unit carry out talent empowerment. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees trained People 27, 232 24, 027 Training coverage rate of employees 100 100 Training coverage rate by gender Male 100 100 Female 100 100 Training coverage rate by grade Senior management 100 100 Middle-level employees 100 100 Junior employees 100 100 Training coverage rate Number of employees trained in that category Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Training cost Total training cost of employees RMB 24, 222, 603 15, 736, 000 Average training cost per employee RMB 890 655 Training hours Total training hours of employees Hours 966, 066 761, 500 Average training hours per employee Hours 35. 5 31. 7 Average training hours by gender Male Hours 35. 7 32. 0 Female Hours 34. 9 30. 7 Average training hours by grade Senior management Hours 37. 6 28. 4 Middle-level employees Hours 36. 8 30. 2 Junior employees Hours 35. 3 32. 0 45 38 11 6 92 ESG Among the training, approximately 45 is for industry-related professional training, approximately 38 is for occupational general training, approximately 11 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 6 is for leadership training. Among the training, approximately 92 is related to ESG management improvement. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Average training time per employee (Total training hours of employees Proportion of employees trained in that category) Number of employees in that category 75 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 In order to motivate talents and ensure the stable development of the Group, the Group has formulated a comprehensive and well- developed talent team-building plan and management and leadership development training programs for employees at all levels to enhance the upward mobility of employees within the Company. The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the career development of the staff. In 2023, the Group actively implemented the three-year talent planning standard by continuously improving the manager management system and daily supervision system under the structure of the listed company CR Beer, so as to meet the needs of the organization, take into account the career development of employees, and continue to build up the advantages of beer talents. In addition, we continued to improve talent standards, used a variety of assessment tools to carry out talent assessment, and improved talent standards and evaluation systems. At the same time, we improved the management measures for employee career development, promote the evaluation and recruitment management of professional directors, improved the promotion path, built a strong dual channel for career development, and enhanced the skill level of talents. VI) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group has been continuously adhering to the work management philosophy of people oriented and safe development, regarding the safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursuing zero injuries and zero incidents. The Group strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and the Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and acted in diligence based on the safety-first management principle. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportUnder the guidance of relevant laws and regulations, the Group strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of a responsibility system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate s safety management level. With Zero Injuries and Zero Incidents as its management direction, the Group has set a safety production target of zero work-related fatalities. Statistics on work-related fatalities in the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 and 2021 does not. In addition, the Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a non-zero control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand employees of less than 1. 65. In 2023, the Group recorded 30 employees with work-related injuries and the number of working days lost due to work-related injuries was 906 days. The injury rate per thousand employees was 0. 84 (injury rate per thousand employees No. of employees with work-related injuries No. of employees in the company 1, 000). Unit 2023 2022 2021 Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 1. 65 30 906 0. 84 1, 000 77 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 14 400 EHS EHS EHS EHS During the reporting period, there were 14 traffic accidents among employees of the marketing system, resulting in 400 working days lost. In order to strictly control the marketing safety risks, the Group subsequently launched a three-year special campaign on marketing safety, determined the management process and standard requirements of traffic safety, and promoted and implemented it in all units within the Group. In addition, in term of the safety infrastructure of the marketing system, the Group issued a number of systems, such as the Comprehensive Management Measures for Marketing EHS (Trial), the EHS Management Guidelines for Marketing Leased Office Space, the Safety Management Guidelines for Marketing System Team- building Activities, the Traffic Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System, the Fire Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System and the Notice on Implementing Job Responsibilities of Part-time Safety Administrators in Sales Regions, in a bid to standardize the EHS management of marketing centers of CR Snow, CRWH Marketing Management Center and marketing centers of subordinate project companies in provinces, and clarified the work requirements and workflow of safety management for marketing rented office space and team-building activities as well as daily EHS comprehensive management. j d EHS d e d 30 55 f Case In June, 2023, the Group held a three-day marketing system EHS seminar and exchange meeting in Wuhan, which discussed and summarized in combination with the pain points and difficulties in the current stage of marketing safety management, and was attended by 55 marketing system principals and full-time safety managers from 30 provincial marketing units of China Resources Beer. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report External certifications Unit 2023 2022 Number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety StandardizationPlants 61 59 Certification breakdown Number of plants that recognized as the second-class enterprise Plants 29 24 Number of plants that recognized as the third-class enterprise Plants 32 35 ISO45001 Number of plants that obtained ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system certificationPlants 27 16 EHS The Group are committed to improving our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that the Group s safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company s business. Through re-identifying and re-evaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. In the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers, the Group specifies that the working environment of suppliers and employees shall be subjected to safety precautions and protection of employees occupational health. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of pre-qualification, pre-service preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group s requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group s safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. j Case Intelligent Personnel Violation Warning System of Xindu Plant Xindu Plant installs personnel identification and monitoring system in the palletizer fence of the packaging department. If personnel enter the area illegally, it will send out sound and light alarm prompts, and at the same time, the on-site and office monitoring videos will receive alarm information until the personnel leave the dangerous area, thus realizing the man-machine linkage function. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventive-oriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behaviour with full participation, focused on process control, regulated staff s safety behavior as well as innovated safety inspection methods. EHS inspection teams were set up by the EHS Department. In the third quarter, 46 production plants and 6 marketing centers of CR Snow were inspected on site, and a total of 1, 677 and 35 hidden problems were inspected respectively, most of which were rectified. The Group required all units to draw inferences from others, continuously strengthen the safety awareness of all employees, discover and eliminate EHS hidden dangers in time, and prevent various EHS accidents. In 2023, the Group comprehensively revised the hazardous operations safety management system, launched remediation projects on hot work operations, hoisting work operations, working at heights and fall protection, established an information system for hazardous operations safety management, and promoted the establishment of a full-process supervision mechanism for hazardous operations from application, approval, supervision, and acceptance to consolidate the foundation for safety management. For example, in September, the Group organized a kick-off meeting the launch of CR Beer Remediation Projects on Working-at-Heights and Fall Protection, organized training at its factories to give detail explanation on the standards, processes and management requirements for high-altitude operation and fall protection operation, and clarified the subsequent transformation of various facilities, etc. In order to enhance the safety awareness of employees, the Group has carried out a number of projects and activities on occupational health and safety, including the 100-Day Campaign for Related Parties and Hazardous Operations, the China Resources Beer Safety Production Month, the Special Training on First Aid Knowledge of Jinsha Wine Industry, etc., in order to investigate major risks related to occupational safety and deal with potential crises through training and equipment renewal. In 2023, in view of the hidden dangers that may cause major accidents in safety and environmental protection, such as fire protection, ammonia refrigeration, dust and sewage management, the Group increased the number of inspections, strengthened investment in safety production funds, and ensured the bottom line of safety production. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe relevant data on occupational health and safety management of the Group's beer business in the past two years are as follows. The data of baijiu business shall be collected and disclosed on the same basis in the next year The Group encouraged EHS managers at all levels to improve their business level, and arranged continuing education and training for those with registered safety engineer qualification certificates. In 2023, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 115 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 90 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. Unit 2023 2022 Safety check-up times Times 3, 070 1, 053 Exclusive funds for safe production purposes RMB0 000 9, 287 5, 285 Safety education and training hours Hours 425, 700 642, 000 Safety training times to employees Times 53, 215 55, 304 Safety training times to suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related partiesTimes 23, 799 24, 975 Safety and Emergency drills Times 604 600 Participants 11, 683 11, 800 Safety education training rate 100 100 Occupational disease-related health check-up rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in the workplace 100 100 EHS 115 90 82 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOCCUPATIONAL HEALTH The Group pays attention to the occupational health management of employees and improves management by setting up occupational health management institutions and allocate occupational health management personnel. The Group monitors occupational hazards in the workplace and formulate occupational disease prevention and control plans and implementation plans accordingly. In terms of the occupational health management of employees, the Group has compiled the Administrative Regulations on Occupational Health Checklist. The Group promoted health activities for all employees, advocated a healthy lifestyle, carried out employee health education, created a corporate culture that incorporates health considerations, and coordinated corporate development with employee health; built a good working environment for employees, vigorously implemented 5S on-site management, and created a comfortable and pleasant working environment for employees as much as possible. In terms of improving the working environment, the Group has implemented standards such as the Regulations on the Administration of Occupational Health in the Workplace, strengthened the management of occupational disease prevention facilities, and effectively improved the working environment. In particular, scientific measures have been taken to strengthen the treatment and control of occupational disease hazards such as noise and dust. In addition, the Group also regularly organizes employees to participate in Registered Occupational Health Specialist training and encourages employees to obtain the certificate. S 80dB(A) 1 1 7 83 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to environmental protection and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. The Group strictly follows the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, as well as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry, the Discharge Standard of Water pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boiler and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE In conjunction with the business needs, the Group set up a comprehensive environmental protection management system and established an ecological environmental protection system optimization working group to discuss the optimization of the environmental protection system framework. In 2023, the Group completed the revision of rules and regulations for water pollution prevention and control, air pollution prevention and control, solid waste management, noise pollution prevention and control, and pollutant (sewage) management measures, which covered the EHS management of the baijiu business, and unified the management standards and templates. As of 2023, the Group implemented a total of 67 EHS systems, including 40 fire safety management systems, 20 food safety management systems and 7 environmental protection systems. EHS 67 EHS 40 20 7 84 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDuring the period under review, the Group issued the CRB Six Prohibitions on Ecological Environmental Protection and included non-compliance in the judgement of significant environmental protection risks. The Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, CRWH EHS Responsibility Management Measures, Guizhou Jinsha EHS Responsibility Management System, CR Beer Three-Year Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and other rules and regulations. For the first time, it established a comprehensive EHS management system in conjunction with the construction projects in progress, and issued the Draft for Comments of EHS Management System for Construction Projects, which marked the beginning of a new phase of specialized EHS management of CR Beer construction projects in progress. The Group completed the revision and issuance of the CR Beer Measures for Supervision and Management of Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Inspection Standards for Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System and the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges to promote the systematic and standardized management of environmental protection. In 2023, the Group promoted ecological environment protection, energy conservation and emission reduction work in a solid and effective manner in accordance with the working mechanism of overall planning by the headquarters, overall responsibility by the region, and implementation by plants. The Group focused on 9 key tasks including the compliance of pollutant discharge permits, the whole process management of solid waste, strengthening environmental protection supervision and inspection, strengthening sewage source control, prevention and control of noises, environmental protection supervision of plants to be optimized. In order to actively change the EHS work situation and systematically improve the Company s EHS risk control and management capability, the Group set up an EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team in 2023, headed by Mr Hou Xiaohai, Chairman of the Board, which is responsible for researching and laying out the planning of the Company s EHS risk management and control and regularly reviewing the implementation of medium- and long-term risk control planning, accident and incident management and response to public opinion, EHS funding and implementation of work requirements of the higher level, and carrying out EHS risk management and control. CRSB, its production plants and marketing centers also set up corresponding EHS committees in accordance with the requirements. EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 8 EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 85 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group regularly organizes EHS meetings to summarize EHS work and deploy EHS tasks. In 2023, the Group held the ESG Task Force meeting and the carbon management thematic seminar for the first time and has respectively held the EHS Committee (Enlarged) meeting, the EHS quarterly working meeting, the EHS work summary and business seminar in the first half of 2023, the stage meeting of the EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team, and the summary meeting for the implementation status of the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan for the first half of 2023. The Group s President and senior management team, the heads and EHS functional personnel from each functional department center in the headquarters, from each region and each plant participated in the meetings through offline and online forms. The Group s EHS department prepares CRSB EHS Management Monthly Report every month to convey work requirements, reflect business trends, share work experience, and communicate information from top to bottom. In terms of EHS management of project companies, the Group organized and held a meeting to re-emphasize the EHS inspection and rectification of CRWH project companies in 2023, and put forward specific requirements for the rectification measures made by CRWH based on the content of the Notice on EHS Inspection Report of CRWH Project Companies, so as to rapidly promote the rectification of EHS hazards, consolidate the EHS management, and control the EHS risks of CRWH project companies. The EHS department coordinates the Production Center and its lower-level organizations (such as production zones, plants, etc.) to set annual carbon emission intensity assessment targets based on the company s overall carbon emission intensity annual plan. The assessment covers all production systems, including the head of regional production centers, regional production directors, plant leaders, EHS managers and all plant employees. The assessment also covers the Company s management team, which includes the Chairman of the board and president. In terms of environmental protection training, in 2023, the Group organized a total of 8 training and publicity sessions on environmental protection, water, air, solid waste, noise and other related systems, ecological and environmental protection statistical reporting in the Group s direct reporting system, and key inspection points of ecological environment, with a total of 1, 199 personnel from all units participating in the training and examinations. EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 100 8 1, 199 86 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOn 26 September 2023, CR Beer organized the online training on Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, focusing on the formation, principles and important requirements of Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, the latest policies and requirements of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, as well as the enterprise s paths and ways to achieve green, low-carbon and high-quality development. Meanwhile, in light of the requirements of the upcoming third round of the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection, CR Beer introduced matters that the enterprise should pay attention to in meeting the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection. A total of 413 personnel participated in the training. In order to give full play to the role of talents in the supervision and management of ecological and environmental protection work, in 2023, the Group issued the Notice on the Entry of CR Beer Environmental Protection Experts into the Talent Pool, forming the CR Beer Environmental Protection Expert Pool, which consists of three expert groups Compliance Management, Wastewater System Management and Comprehensive Management. Through multi- dimensional evaluation of qualifications, professional skills and comprehensive ability, the first batch of 5 sewage experts, 3 compliance experts and 3 comprehensive experts were introduced in the talent pool. With the full implementation of the second transformation of the organization, in order to better eliminate the blind spots of EHS management and prevent and resolve major EHS risks, combined with the need for responsible interaction, the environmental protection experts provided assistance and business guidance on the risk issues raised by more than 10 production plants in Qiannan, Dongguan, Lanzhou, Hefei, Shangqiu and Hainan. In 2023, the Group issued the Notice on Further Clarifying Reporting Standards and Reporting Requirements for Environmental Protection Incidents, further clarifying the reporting standards, reporting time limits, reporting methods and reporting processes for environmental protection incidents in combination with the CR Beer Measures on EHS Accident and Incident Management. In 2023, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. EHS EHS 10 EHS 87 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group promoted the inspection of ecological and environmental protection in units at all levels by means of plant self-inspection, regional inspection, headquarters random inspection, and look-back projects to achieve full coverage of all plants. In 2023, the Group issued investigation work requirements including Notice on Forwarding the Group s Warn to Effectively Strengthen Solid Waste Management, Forwarding Group s Notice on Carrying out Special Investigation and Rectification of Compliance Issues of Sewage and Drainage Permit Management, Notice on conducting Self-Investigation and Self-Correction of Ecological and Environmental Protection Project Inspections, and Notice on Further Strengthening Compliance Management of Environmental Protection Work. In addition, the regular verification of original accounting documents and materials on discharge data of sewage, air, solid waste was carried out in 8 plants, with Qiannan Plant being one of them. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data Step 3 On-site environmental checks The Group develops and implements inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant establishes an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, conducts self- monitoring on pollutants on a daily basis, and shares data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly entrusts third-party agencies with professional qualifications to carry out inspections on each production unit. The inspection scope covers water pollutants, air pollutants, noise, etc., and the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision would be publicly disclosed. Units at all levels of the Group inspect various environmental data regularly. By utilizing the environmental data reporting system, primary-level units (plants) report the data directly, which is subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. The plants conducted regular on-site environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. On-site checks have been conducted in all plants. Three-step management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer 89 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Unless otherwise indicated, the scope of the Group s environmental data mainly covers China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited and the production plants of subordinate units at all levels. The Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) on 10 January 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for management. The data of Guizhou Jinsha for the year 2023 has been collected, audited and included in the ESG reporting scope of the year in accordance with the relevant system, but the information for the same period in 2022 could not be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. The environmental impacts of the non-production departments (including the headquarters and regional companies, sales centers, business departments, etc.) are not material to that of the overall operation of the Group, thus are excluded from the data scope. The scope of environmental data (II) GREEN AND LOW-CARBON DEVELOPMENT Green and low-carbon operation Since 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into the Company s development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group s historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company s development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international top-tier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14th Five-Year. The Group improved the comprehensive evaluation standard system for production capacity optimization, and viewed pollutant emissions, carbon emission intensity and environmental sensitivity as important indicators for screening optimized plants. Meanwhile, carbon emission standards for relocated and newly-built plants were strictly controlled, and the carbon emission intensity of newly-built plants was required to pass the environmental impact assessment implemented by the local Ecology and Environment Bureau, so as to promote the green transformation and upgrading of bases and major plants. During the year under review, the Group ceased the operation of two breweries and established a new intelligent chemical plant in Bengbu, Anhui Province. At the end of 2023, the Group s beer business operated 62 breweries in 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in Mainland China, and 2 baijiu production plants in Guizhou Province in Mainland China. The Group promoted process upgrades to reduce carbon emissions in the production process. In 2023, the Group promoted a study on the CIP (Clean-In-Place) cold cleaning technology and formally implemented process adjustments in the fourth quarter, with process upgrades implemented in 90 of breweries. The Group promoted the transformation of equipment to reduce carbon emissions and steadily phased out high-emission equipment. In 2023, the Group replaced all high-emission equipment, all transmission devices were configured in accordance with the standards of Grade I energy efficiency, and plant- wide heat energy balance planning and layout was carried out in all of its Grade I and Grade II plants. In 2023, eight of the Group s plants successfully launched the SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition), with 26. 7 of the overall project target achieved. With respect to the intelligent upgrading of production equipment, in 2023, 10 of the Group s plants completed the implementation of the equipment intelligent upgrading project, and 14 plants have signed contracts. In terms of promoting the construction of intelligent systems, in 2023, the Group completed the system construction of intelligent projects in Zhengzhou Plant, which has been formally put into operation. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group strictly controls building energy efficiency standards and carries out building energy efficiency renovation. The Group advocates a low-carbon administrative office. In 2023, 104, 938 offline meetings were replaced by online meetings, and offline reimbursements were reduced by 15, 538 sheets year-on-year. As of January 2024, 9 of the Group s plants have been awarded the title of provincial Green Plant, among which 5 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu, Qiannan and Wuhan have been awarded the title of national Green Plant. During the period under review, the Group has completed the project approval, expert review, bidding, and invited third party organizations to complete the preliminary on-site investigation of 11 plants, and some of the plants have completed the confirmation of the Carbon-neutral Plant construction plan. Green and Low-carbon Supply Chain The Group encourages suppliers to produce in a green way and assume environmental responsibility. In the Supplier Commitment, suppliers are expressly required to use effectively existing resources and minimize negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; and to advocate to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, develop and promote environment-related technological application. The Group also encourages green logistics by actively promoting the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in long-distance freight transportation to reduce the proportion of trucks used in long-distance transportation. In 2023, the Group completed the construction of the platform for the national warehouse network planning project and put it into operation. ISO 14068-1 (PAS 2060) 2 11 (2022) 11, 940 1, 650 10, 290 92 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case Lanzhou sales region promoted the reform of the bottle recycling channel 17 13 62 Currently, the participation rate of distributors in bottle recycling is low, and the market is mostly dominated by social channels (e. g. scavengers, bottle recyclers, etc.) that recycle waste bottles in sacks and return them to the plant, with high bottle damage and poor quality. In August 2023, the Group launched a bottle recycling channel reconstruction project to flatten the bottle recycling structure, shorten the intermediate links, promote palletising of recycled bottles and improve the quality of recycled bottles. In Lanzhou sales region, a pilot region, 13 out of 17 distributors have set out for bottle recycling, 62 of the distributors have fully implemented the palletised bottle recycling mode. With the gradual follow-up of the marketing centers and sales regions, the Group will lead the beer bottle recycling industry to bid farewell to the old era of bottle recycling in sacks and cartons, and fully usher in the new era of distributor-based palletised bottle recycling. The Group optimized the glass bottle recycling model by reducing the intermediate stages such as bottle handling and washing from the design of logistics and transportation routes and the integration of shipping capacity, so as to increase the turnover rate and the recycling rate of glass bottles, and to reduce the procurement of new bottles and the impact of carbon emissions from packaging materials. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group recruited experts in the field of product carbon footprint, completed the launch, approval and expert verification of the value chain synergistic carbon reduction path research project, and initially completed the business planning for product carbon footprint. The Group promoted supply chain coupling and collaborative carbon reduction, and actively understood the carbon emission management and ESG report situation and preparation status of star-rated suppliers and group-type suppliers, and formed a research and statistical table. The Group is studying the adoption of on-site theoretical calculation methods to comprehensively sort out the total amount of Scope 3 carbon emissions and carbon emission intensity, and gradually promote the statistics on Scope 3 carbon emission data. The Group considers the risks and opportunities of low-carbon transformation from a long-term perspective, divides responsibilities by department, establishes supplier management documents at each level, and issues third-party certified CFP (Carbon Footprint of Product) and EPD (Environmental Product Declaration). In 2023, 8 of the Group s plants in Lu'an, Jilin, Harbin, Heilongjiang, Xing an, Binhai, Hebei and Ningbo were awarded the Energy Management System Certification. In terms of energy metering, the Group has achieved a complete configuration of three-level metering instruments (master meter, secondary meter and tertiary meter). In 2023, the Group initiated the construction of an intelligent plant project with a total investment of RMB53. 95 million to promote the implementation of an intelligent energy management system module for the automatic collection and analysis of energy consumption data. At the end of 2023, 25 breweries affiliated to the Group implemented automatic collection of energy data and it is planned to achieve full coverage by 2026. ESG LCA CFP EPD 8 5, 395 25 94 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Steam decoding Electricity consumption decoding Carbon dioxide recycling Saccharification steam consumption decoding; Biogas-generated steam decoding; Glass bottle packaging line decoding. Glass bottle packaging line decoding; Cans and jars packaging line decoding; Theoretical calculation of electrical consumption for packaging; Refrigeration power consumption accounting; Ice-water deoxygenation segmentation. Decoding of desirable recycling quantities; Decoding of desirable use quantities; Standardization of carbon dioxide outsourcing. The Group has fully achieved zero coal consumption since 2021, being committed to reducing the use of non-renewable natural resources such as gasoline, diesel and natural gas, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy used. The chartered vehicle business was introduced, with most of the company-owned vehicles basically cancelled in plants. Gasoline consumption of beer business decreased by 20. 4 year on year due to the reduction of company-owned vehicles. In order to reduce energy consumption and achieve low-carbon production, the Group continued to promote energy decoding. In respect of the use of steam and electricity, based on the principle of conservation of energy and taking into account the characteristics of the brewing process and the optimal operation mode, the Group studied and output the desirable values of energy consumption in key processes. The Group also actively promoted heat recovery systems to supply waste heat from brewing to packaging. In addition, the Group continued to promote multi-dimensional benchmarking management of energy consumption, including benchmarking of desirable consumption values and horizontal comparisons among plants, to identify anomalies in water heat balances, heat losses and thermal efficiency, and to identify shortcomings in the business and make improvements. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 69. 1 29 6 12. 4 Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change 1, 000 Total Energy Consumption 1, 000 kWh 1, 848, 696 1, 804, 685 2. 4 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Non-renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh 358, 313 410, 293 12. 7 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh 8, 466 7, 318 15. 7 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Electricity purchased1, 000 kWh 551, 235 565, 551 2. 5 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Imported steam1, 000 kWh 930, 683 821, 523 13. 3 1, 000 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1, 000 kWh kilolitre output0. 1708 0. 1584 7. 8 72 1, 000 The use of electric forklifts in place of diesel forklifts was actively promoted to reduce the number of diesel forklifts used in plants. Diesel consumption decreased by 69. 1 year-on-year with the outsourcing of the forklift operation business and the cancellation of diesel forklifts used in plants. The number of plants using natural gas decreased to 29, among which 6 were equipped with a dual supply system of outsourced steam lines and natural gas boilers, and can be adjusted according to the energy supply situation to ensure stable and economical energy consumption. During the period under review, natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 year on year. The energy consumption of the Group in the past two years is set out as follows Same item of consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit has been listed as on page 72 but presented in the unit of 1, 000 kWh. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The production processes and procedures for baijiu differ significantly from those for beer, so the year-on-year fluctuations arise from baijiu products with more intensive energy and resource consumption. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportRenewable Energy The Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. The project team of Research on the Optimization of Sewage Anaerobic Biogas Steam Production System was established to further improve the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield, promote good practice experience and practices, improve the biogas yield of each production plant, resulting in mature technologies and best operation models after years of research. In 2023, the Group further promoted the optimization study of the biogas-generated steam system and established the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield through a three-step action of strengthening the source control capability, enhancing the anaerobic treatment capability and improving the boiler s steam production capability, which was fully promoted among its subsidiaries. In 2023, the Group newly equipped 3 breweries with biogas boilers, bringing the total number to 38 and the deployment rate to 62, generating approximately 132, 000 tonnes of steam from biogas and saving approximately RMB35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. The Group steadily promotes photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects, increasing the amount of photovoltaic power generation and electricity consumption actively. Since the first pilot photovoltaic power generation project was launched in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang in 2019, the Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants to be built as well as plants in operation, and signed a framework agreement with China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited to promote photovoltaic project cooperation among the first batch of 24 plants. In 2023, Xiaoshan, Nanjing and Bengbu plants were put into operation and Jinan Plant signed the photovoltaic power generation contract with the project under construction. Upon completion of the project, it is expected to generate 86. 53 million kWh of electricity annually and reduce carbon emissions by 72, 800 tonnes each year. In addition, the Group continued to coordinate the procurement of green power, making use of renewable energy according to local conditions. The Group is promoting medium-to-long-term strategic procurement of green power such as wind power, hydropower, solar power, and nuclear power in an orderly manner, with timely adjustment of the proportion of procurement according to changes in local on-grid electricity prices. In 2023, the Group coordinated and promoted the procurement of green power in 21 of its plants, with some plants having achieved 100 green power. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 6, 892 12. 38 9 15 j 100 Case 100 green power direct purchase of Binhai Plant 100 In 2023, CRSB Binhai Plant actively sought external green energy channels, and signed an all-green power direct purchase agreement with China Resources (Beijing) Electric Power Sales Co., Ltd. ( ( ) ) to finalize the supply of 100 green power, which will facilitate CRSB Binhai Plant in achieving the goal of becoming a zero-carbon power plant in 2024, marking a new breakthrough for CRSB in the path of green and low-carbon development. In 2023, through the active promotion of photovoltaic power generation projects and the procurement of green power, the total electricity used by the Group from renewable energy amounted to 68. 92 million kWh, accounting for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption by the beer business. All of the Group s plants have phased out their coal-fired boilers, and the amount of coal consumption in 2023 continued to be zero. In addition, the Group reduced its consumption of fossil fuels such as natural gas by improving the efficiency of biogas recycling and utilization, and increasing the use of renewable energy. In 2023, the Group s natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 year-on-year, and the low sulphur content of the natural gas purchased by some of its plants drove down sulphur dioxide emissions by 8. 6 year-on-year. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group continued to implement low-nitrogen combustion conversion for gas-fired boilers in recent years. In 2023, 11 plants implemented low-nitrogen combustion renovation of gas (biogas) boilers, which reduced the emission of atmospheric pollutants and led to a year-on-year decrease of 10. 2 in nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions. Other odorous gases such as waste gases from yeast drying and injection moulding were also collected and disposed of simultaneously, and a cumulative investment of approximately RMB2. 4 million was made for renovation in biogas collection and utilization. The Group s air emissions was mainly generated from the burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process, data of air emissions in the past two years are set out as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. NOx) 10. 2 9 892 240 Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change (SO2) Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes 8 9 8. 6 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 60 67 10. 2 25 99 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 25 4 2025 2023 2025 Key Objectives 2023 Completion Status 2 3 3 Explore Carbon-neutral Plant construction program and carry out pilot construction of 2 to 3 carbon-neutral demonstration plants. Carbon-neutral Plant construction program for three pilot plants in Liangshan, Bengbu and Wuhan were formulated and are now being promoted for implementation. A total of 4 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu and Qiannan were awarded the title of 2023 National Green Plant; a total of 3 plants in Hebei, Neijiang and Qiandongnan were awarded the title of 2023 Provincial Green Plant. The carbon emission intensity per unit of product of CRSB in 2023 was 68. 5 kg CO2 equivalent kilolitre output, a decrease of 19. 4 compared with 2020. 9 15 6, 892 12. 38 To increase the proportion of new-energy electricity consumption in total electricity consumption to no less than 9, with a long-term goal to exceed 15. 68. 92 million kWh of new-energy electricity was used in 2023, accounting for 12. 38 of total electricity consumption. The main objectives and completion status of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan are set out as follows In 2023, the Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, which set out specific requirements for carbon emission management organizations and responsibilities, carbon emission data management, carbon asset trading, etc., and improved the carbon emission management system. In terms of the organizational structure of carbon emission management, the Group introduced domestic and foreign carbon emission management professionals, defined full-time carbon management positions, and clearly set up separate carbon emission management positions in the EHS departments of 9 plants with carbon emissions of 26, 000 tonnes or more. In addition, the Group conducted research and analysis of economic policies on carbon asset trading, completed one internal inventory estimation of carbon assets, and communicated with the finance department once; completed 6 carbon management training sessions, and trained 78 personnel with carbon inventory capabilities. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 100 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during beer production process Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from production processes Emissions from fuel combustion Milling Prote olysis Starch excipients Milling Gelatinizat ion Gelatinated starch Carbon dioxide Yeast Hops Carbon dioxide Corporate boundaries Maturation Filtration Fermentation Wort boiling Wort separation Wort coolin g Packag ing contain er cleanin g Sterilizatio n Filling Cartonning Spent yeast Condensing solid waste Malt Filter tank cleaning Wort f iltration Sacchari f icationIn 2023, the Group revised and issued the CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines to strengthen the standardized management of the monitoring, statistical and accounting processes of carbon emission information, improve the compliance of carbon emission accounting, which provides basic support for the implementation of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan and for the fulfilment of corporate social responsibility. The methodology stipulates that the scope of accounting of the Group s carbon emissions is carbon dioxide and methane emissions generated during the production process of China Resources Breweries (Holdings) Company Limited and its subsidiaries at all levels, including the beer business and baijiu business. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during baijiu production process Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from fuel combustion Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Starter making process Baijiu making process Wheat Moisturizing Milling Coarse wheat f lour Mixing Treading Stacking and incubation in the pit Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Water Ripe starter Starter powder Grinding Raw starter Storage Splitting Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Rearranging Crushing Batching Master tank Grain steaming Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Crushing Batching Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Grain steaming (roast Baijiu) Distillation into Baijiu Moisturizing Six cycles1-7 Baijiu of 1-7 roundsThe Group voluntarily and proactively discloses more information related to carbon emissions, and since 2021 the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The Company completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) in 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for coordinated management, thus the GHG emissions generated by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (including CRSB and Guizhou Jinsha) and its subsidiaries at all levels during the production process were included in the scope of statistics. The expansion of data scope reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 102 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTotal greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group decreased by 5. 2 year on year in 2023 compared to 2022, despite the effect brought by inclusion of data from the newly acquired baijiu project company, Guizhou Jinsha. Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change 1 177 202 12. 8 Total green-house gas emission (Scope 1) 1, 000 tonnes CO2 equivalent 2 629 648 2. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 806 850 5. 2 (Scope 1 2) 1 0. 016 0. 018 9. 4 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit(Scope 1) Tonnes of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output 2 0. 058 0. 057 1. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 0. 074 0. 075 0. 4 (Scope 1 2) 2023 2025 1 2 5. 2 1 2 0. 4 103 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportRegardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group s beer business recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) as compared with that of 2022, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the Group s proactive response to the call of the State to vigorously promote emission reduction and carbon mitigation measures at all levels of the value chain and its continuous promotion of the photovoltaic power generation project and the procurement of green power. In 2023, the Group actively promoted the recycling and utilization of carbon dioxide and standardized the criteria for purchasing carbon dioxide taking into account the changes in the product mix of different plants, so as to promote a balance between recycling and utilization and facilitate carbon neutrality in the production chain. In 2023, 8 of the Group s breweries achieved zero carbon dioxide procurement, and the Group s overall outsourcing ratio decreased by 0. 6 kg kilolitre output, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10. Among the packaging materials used by the Group, caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reused materials. In 2023, the Group s use of newly purchased glass bottles decreased by 5. 97 year-on-year, and 10. 69 billion glass bottles were successfully recycled, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488 kilotonnes for the year; the use of aluminium cans also decreased by 1. 78 year-on-year. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 104 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case CR Beer held the first carbon management thematic seminar EHS 51 On 11-12 April 2023, a seminar on the carbon management work of CR Beer and the kick-off meeting of the carbon- neutral plant construction project was held at CR Beer Wuhan Plant. A total of 51 participants attended the meeting, including the CR Beer management, management-level employees of the carbon management function of the EHS Department of CRH, representatives of the CRB Institute of Technology, CR Beer regional companies, CRSB Production Center Area, and key carbon emission plants. This meeting is the first thematic seminar on carbon management organized by CR Beer, and it is an important start for CR Beer to enhance its brand value and market competitiveness with green and low-carbon concepts. The meeting analyzed the situation and problems faced by CR Beer in achieving carbon neutrality, and promoted the smooth progress of CR Beer s carbon neutrality work in a scientific, reasonable and orderly manner. Mr. Hou Xiaohai, the then CEO of CR Beer, pointed out that CR Beer, as a central enterprise and a listed company, should be down-to-earth in promoting the implementation of its carbon reduction initiatives, and strive to promote its carbon management to a new level in three years. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d Case Official inauguration of CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center to boost the dual carbon initiative CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilisation and Storage) In line with the trend of green development in the wine industry, CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center was officially inaugurated on 19 January 2024. It is the only research centre in the country for different types of wines that is dedicated to carbon neutrality innovations in the field of beer and baijiu, and its research tasks mainly include Soft science research national dual carbon policy planning, analysis of the current situation of the upstream and downstream channels of the beer baijiu industry, and investigation and research on the technological research and application of key enterprises and institutions. R&D projects in the field of dual carbon tapping into innovative projects to carry out research on the efficient use of green and clean energy, low-carbon and zero-carbon industrial (commercial) process re-engineering, low- carbon buildings, green building materials, low-carbon new materials, CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage), ecological environment management and restoration in plants, ecological environment management and restoration, and ecological environment governance and restoration, eco-carbon sinks, monitoring and assessment of carbon sources and sinks, carbon asset management and development, and other technologies. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 106 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF CLIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has long-term and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on business operations. At the Board level, the Audit Committee hold semi-annual meetings, in which ESG-related business risk would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. At business operation level, the audit department and EHS department of the Group regularly review, oversee and guide the assessment, change and response of all the significant risks of the Company including climate- related risks. The Chairman of the Board of the Group is responsible for the management of issues related to climate change. As at the end of each year, the Group carries out the identification, assessment and mitigation of significant risks of the ensuing year; monitors significant risks on a quarterly basis; and forecast natural disaster risk situations on a monthly basis and issue them to all units. The Group s management processes for major risks, including climate risks, include five steps information collection, risk assessment, risk mitigation, risk monitoring & early warning, and risk management supervision and improvement. Each unit of CR Beer comprehensively and timely collects internal and external information and risk events related to climate change, including historical data and future predictions, and identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks to determine a list of major climate change risks. The Group updates CR Beer Risk Classification Framework on an annual basis, integrating contents related to climate risks into ESG- related risks. For example, acute physical risks such as heat waves, floods, typhoons and extreme precipitation are treated as production safety risks and occupational health risks, chronic physical risks in the form of sea level rise, average temperature rise and ocean acidification are addressed as environmental protection risks and dual carbon management risks. ESG EHS ESG (TCFD) 107 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportScenario Analysis of Climate Change Climate scenario analysis is a powerful tool which can help CR Beer understand the impacts of its business under different emission scenarios, identify significant climate-related opportunities and risks, understand current and future development trends, develop long- term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change, and integrate climate-related opportunities and risk factors into the Group s overall strategy. The most significant physical risks identified by the Group include Water scarcity Long-term drought caused by climate change, making it impossible to produce. Extreme heat Rising average temperatures and increasing number of hot days, making it impossible to produce. To this end, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in water-scarce areas and improved the water consumption efficiency of operating plants in these areas in recent years. As at the end of 2023, three high-risk plants in Heilongjiang, Liaoning and Sichuan had been shut down for optimization. Through quantitative calculation and qualitative assessment, it was determined that a total of 9 plants of CR Beer were at high risk of extreme heat in seven provinces in North China and Northwest China, accounting for 13 of the total plants. TCFD (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas 2050 (RCP2. 6) (RPC8. 5) 16 8 24 3 IPCC WGI Interactive Atlas 2041 2060 (RPC8. 5) 9 7 13 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 108 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThrough integration and summary, the Group identified that two plants in Hebei Province and Shaanxi Province were faced with high risks of both water scarcity and extreme heat. In future, CR Beer will strengthen the plant management and strategic adjustment in provinces with high climate risks, with a view to conducting more effective management of its climate risks such as water scarcity and extreme weather, and ensuring that production efficiency and sustainable development goals can be achieved in a changing climate environment. In 2023, the Group invited third-party organizations to verify the overall carbon emission data in 2022, issue a carbon verification report, analyse and summarize carbon emission sources of CR Beer as per ISO14064 and other standards, and formulated carbon neutrality implementation approaches according to the source, which mainly comprised energy conservation, equipment renovation, green transformation, green energy purchasing, new technology and new process exploration, etc. In order to strengthen the control of climate change risks, CR Beer plans to carry out scenario analysis based on 1. 5 2 centigrade and SBT (Science Based Target), and develop long-term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change, which will be released in due course. Response to Impacts of Significant Climate Change on Business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chains such as the import of raw materials. Once extreme weather such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. ISO14064 2050 2060 1. 5 2 SBT 109 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOn the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. In 2023, CR Beer formulated and issued the Notice on Situation Prediction of Natural Disaster Risks on a monthly basis according to actual business situations in combination with the meteorological and geological disaster information released by the relevant national meteorological departments and emergency management departments, and held an emergency meeting on the Prevention and Response to Extreme Weather Risks if necessary. The Group analysed the natural disasters in the areas where all the regional companies and units are located, and gave warnings on relevant work. The Group required all units to strengthen the risk identification of extreme disaster weather (such as rainstorm, mountain torrents, high and low-temperature weather, and geological disasters), enhance the disaster risk prevention awareness, promote the transformation from risk governance to prevention in advance, implement various preventive measures for natural disasters and self-rescue and mutual rescue skill training, and make emergency response after disasters. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 110 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water Resources Management Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerning the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. The President and Vice-President of the Company are responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management. The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy-saving technology and applied relevant technology into all operating plants to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include Lean production to reduce the frequency of CIP cleaning; Transformation of Water thermal balance for major water- consuming equipment used in the packaging process (i. e. bottle washing machine, sterilizer); Recycling steam in the saccharification process; Air cooling in winter in the north to reduce cooling water consumption; Utilizing condensed water for heat exchange of packaging machines, etc. The Group actively promotes the recycling and utilization of water resources and reduces the waste of water resources while ensuring the process and quality of beer products. In 2023, the recycled water consumption of the Group amounted to 380, 840, 000 tonnes, 13 times the freshwater consumption. The recycled water is mainly used for the following production process Recycling in the auxiliary procedures (cooling, air pressure, CO 2 recycling and boiler cooling water). CIP 38, 084 13 111 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn respect of water management of the newly acquired baijiu business, the domestic water in Guizhou Jinsha is mainly from the municipal water supply, surface water and recycled water. The production water is mainly from the underground water obtained in strict compliance with the local water withdrawal license system. Guizhou Jinsha collects bottle washing water and surrounding rainwater by building an unconventional water utilization system, and uses them for plant greening, flushing and dust prevention via pump houses and pipe network, which reduces usage of raw water and increases the utilization of rainwater and reclaimed water. In addition, it connects water measurement facilities to the electronic information platform for water consumption monitoring and management, and replaces working facilities with energy-saving appliances to control water consumption. Guizhou Jinsha has successfully passed the inspection of the Provincial Water-saving Benchmark Enterprise. In 2023, the Group started the construction of water-saving plants, encouraging qualified plants to set up advanced models and improving the efficiency of industrial water use. In 2023, five plants of the Group in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan won the title of provincial water-saving enterprise. In March 2023, Wuhan Plant was awarded the title of National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, the highest water-saving honor in China. In 2023, the amount of new water used decreased by 1. 9, and the water consumption intensity per unit increased by 3. 2 year-on-year, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. Secondly, the structure of beer products is adjusted to increase the cleaning frequency and water consumption. The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 3. 13 million cubic metres in 2022 (representing approximately 10. 1 of the total water consumption) to 2. 26 million cubic metres in 2023 (representing approximately 7. 4 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 870, 000 cubic metres. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 112 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 10, 825, 134 11, 385, 064 4. 9 Total output ( beer output baijiu output beverage output)Kilolitre 2. 80 2. 72 3. 2 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water withdrawal 1, 000 cubic metres 948 865 9. 6 Water withdrawal from surface water 1, 000 cubic metres 3. 1 2. 8 11. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from surface water 2, 260 3, 130 27. 8 Water withdrawal from underground water 1, 000 cubic metres 7. 4 10. 1 26. 4 Proportion of water withdrawal from underground water 27, 128 26, 928 0. 7 Water withdrawal from municipal water plants 1, 000 cubic metres 89. 4 87. 1 2. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from municipal water plants The water consumption and withdrawal data of the Group in 2023 and 2022 are set out as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The total amount of water withdrawal in 2022 remained unchanged, but the breakdown of water withdrawal was relisted upon verification. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportSewage Discharge Management In 2023, the Group released the CR Beer Three-year Action Plan for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, covering six tasks in terms of compliance management of online sewage monitoring, sewage warning and emergency treatment capability building, classified and hierarchical sewage management, special action in key basins areas. It also promoted three key projects, i. e. online sewage monitoring, abnormal sewage interception and environmental protection specialist training camp. In order to further implement the requirements of eco- environmental protection, strengthen the compliance management of water pollution prevention and treatment, and prevent and resolve environmental risks, the Group has set the following objectives in terms of sewage discharge management No excessive sewage discharge or water pollution discharge in violation of laws and regulations; 100 compliance of sewage discharge in the internal control; Sewage standardization index rose to 90. In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complies with the national or local sewage discharge standards, and formulates the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges and the Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, with all plants equipped with sewage treatment systems. The Group also formulates the internal control index in compliance with regulations and requirements, effectively controlling sewage discharge risks. Devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at all plants, which are connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for real-time data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. The application has been launched in the first batch of 14 pilot plants. COD) pH 14 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 114 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, CR Beer implemented the abnormal sewage interception project to prevent discharge exceeding standards, organized investigations on current conditions of the facilities used for warning and interception of abnormal sewage discharge in production plants, and made an investigation list of production plant renovation contents and expenses. It also formulated the overall renovation plan for abnormal sewage discharge warning and interception, establish unified standards and requirements for renovation, and coordinate equipment selection and inspection standards. As at the end of 2023, 43 plants had completed the bidding for excessive sewage interception project. As at the end of 2023, 246 problems had been found, all of which were basically rectified. In 2023, the Group strengthened management of the baijiu business in terms of water quality in water source and pollutant discharge, formulated and issued secondary regulations such as the CR Beer Management Measures for Pollutant Discharge (Water) Permit and the WH Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, as well as other systems such as water-saving management system, recycled water management system and water pollution prevention and control plan. The Group regards the environmental performance of operating plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, the Group continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. As of the end of 2023, the Group had only 2 beer plants (Tibet and Dongguan) and 1 baijiu plant (Guizhou Jinsha) that discharged sewage into natural waters. During the period under review, only 2. 8 of the sewage was discharged to natural waters (after preliminary treatment by the plants), and the remaining 97. 2 was discharged to municipal sewers such as municipal pipe networks. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 19, 719, 807 18, 901, 871 4. 3 Total amount of sewage discharge Tonnes 19, 166, 471 18, 673, 132 2. 6 Amount of sewage discharged into municipal sewers Tonnes 553, 336 228, 739 141. 9 Amount of sewage discharged into natural waters Tonnes Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change (COD) 789 892 11. 5 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) Tonnes 765 886 13. 7 COD (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 25 6 323. 5 COD (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 82 90 9. 2 Total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonnes 82 89. 9 9. 2 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 0. 17 0. 2 25. 6 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 1. 0 The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In 2023, the Group s total amount of sewage discharge had year-on- year increase due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The sewage discharge (into natural waters) had a significant year-on-year change, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The location of Guizhou Jinsha lacks supporting municipal sewers for sewage treatment, therefore, the plant adopts higher standards for sewage treatment to discharge sewage into natural waters upon satisfaction with relevant emission requirements. The Group actively promotes the resourceful utilization of beer wastewater in accordance with the national Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry and Discharge Standard of Water Pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, and enters into legally valid written contracts with downstream sewage treatment facilities to agree on the indirect discharge concentration limit of organic wastewater. As at the end of 2023, 16 beer plants subordinate to the Group had implemented negotiated discharging limit. The self-monitoring data of relevant pollutant indexes are promptly shared with the competent department for ecological environment and downstream sewage treatment plants for effective supervision by law enforcement departments and the public. By sorting out the beer production process steps, improving water efficiency, increasing water recycling, strengthening water-saving renovations, the Group strives to achieve industry-leading in terms of water consumption performance. In addition, it will focus on improving sewage treatment system management and sewage online monitoring capabilities, strengthen comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater, and promote the mutual benefits in terms of economy and environmental protection. V) PACKAGING MATERIAL AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the resources used in areas such as packaging design, production, logistics and retailing. The waste generated during the Group s operation mainly includes spent grains and spent yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, aluminum cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, the Group have formulated a series of management regulations such as the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CRWH Solid Waste Management System and the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB. COD) 5. 9 68. 9 COD 16 117 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportPromote the Concept of Green Package The Group s packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, ceramic bottles, aluminum cans, cartons, paper bags and plastic films. On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been striving to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows In 2023, the Group continued to implement the concept of green and sustainable development, coordinated the ecological construction of supply chain, actively promoted the research and development of recycled aluminum and lightweight beer bottles and strategic cooperation for cans. Light cans 0. 010mm Promote reduction of can body thickness by 0. 010mm; 0. 016mm Reduce can cap thickness by 0. 016mm; 0. 35 Reduce can weight by 0. 35g can; Predicted to be available at the end of 2024; 3, 300 Estimated as per the annual quantity purchased in 2023, the Group will reduce the use of aluminum by 3, 300 tonnes every year by purchasing light cans after the project implementation Light glass bottles250 20g Taking 250mL Heineken light bottle for example, one light bottle is 20g lighter than one ordinary bottle; 83 The Group reduced the use of glass by approximately 83 tonnes by purchasing light glass bottles in 2023; 500 580 10g Further research and development of 500mL and 580mL light bottles to reduce the weight by 10g bottle at least Glass bottle recycling mechanism Optimize the glass bottle recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast; Conduct continuous research and development on light glass bottle and increase the purchase of light bottles, in order to reduce weight, energy consumption and carbon emission; 106. 9 4, 488 The Group successfully recycled 10. 69 billion glass bottles in 2023, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 118 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group continued to carry out the R&D and application of lightweight beer bottles during the year, which can reduce the weight of different bottle types by 0 to 5 while ensuring quality and performance. Approximately 4. 15 million lightweight bottles were purchased in 2023, reducing use of raw materials by approximately 83 tonnes. The Heineken lightweight bottles will be comprehensively promoted in 2024. During the year, the weight reduction project of Snow glass bottles was launched with a view to reducing the weight of 500mL and 580mL bottles by 10g bottle, which will be completed within 2024. During the year, the CRB Institute of Technology of the Group, together with the Procurement Management Center and the Technical Quality Department of the Production Center, carried out research and application project for the reduction of the thickness of crown caps and localization of granules, aiming to reduce the thickness of iron materials and replace gasket raw materials with domestic materials while ensuring the quality and sealing performance of caps, thus reducing cost and enhancing efficiency while reducing the quantity and carbon. The replacement of imported gasket raw materials with domestic materials can not only tackle the instability and risks of imported raw materials, but also reduce the carbon footprint of overseas transportation. In addition, considering that the carbon emission during the processing with recycled aluminum ingot only accounts for 11. 3 of the processing with raw aluminum ingot, the Group s CRB Institute of Technology has launched the Research Project on the Quality Assurance of Open and Applicable Recycled Aluminum Cans. g 415 83 500 580 10g 0. 23mm 0. 20mm 4, 030 11. 3 119 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 5, 818 6, 182 5. 9 Glass bottles-new bottles 1, 000 tonnes 1 4, 488 4, 734 5. 2 Glass bottles-recycled bottles11, 000 tonnes 4 Ceramic bottles 1, 000 tonnes 158 160 1. 5 Aluminum cans 1, 000 tonnes 2 331 342 3. 3 Paper packages21, 000 tonnes 12 14 13. 0 Plastic films 1, 000 tonnes 1 2 The data on the Group s consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are set out as follows 1 Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, the Group increases the recycling of glass bottles and reuse them after cleaning and disinfection. In 2022 and 2023, the paper packaging reported by the Group was mainly cartons from the beer business. The paper packaging reported by the Group in 2023 includes cartons, boxes, handbags, etc. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials. The glass bottles are reusable materials that the Group cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, and the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group s strategic promotion of high-quality product, the Group focuses on building a recycling glass bottle system along the supply chain making full use of recyclable beer bottles in compliance with regulations. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 120 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn order to promote the resourceful utilization of packaging materials, the Group completed the audit of the bottle recycling pipeline renovation plan in 9 regional companies across the country in 2023, achieving an annual bottle recycling rate of 80 in 2023. The completion rate of the non-renewable resource recycling project reached 100 and the overall completion rate was 80. Meanwhile, the Group completed the comparative analysis of recycled aluminum- base materials, raw aluminum-base materials and manufactured cans, conducted three-month testing and follow-up of canned products, and finally released the group standards of recycled aluminum when it was found that there was no difference between recycled aluminum cans and the control group of cans. In addition, the Group conducts quality control on all incoming packaging materials and returns or destroys packaging materials that fail to pass internal quality control. All discarded cans, glass slags and waste cartons from the production process shall be 100 recycled and treated, which could be put back to use later, achieving zero waste in the production process. The Group is actively adjusting the structure of the product package and production capacity to lower its carbon emissions. By phasing out production lines of beer in glass bottles with outdated technology and high energy consumption, while adding more production lines of beer in cans with advanced technology and energy consumption reaching the international advanced level, the Group shall gradually increase the proportion of product in cans and reduce the use of glass bottles which is of higher carbon footprint. Green packaging refers to external packaging materials that can be sold as waste materials and recycled as green and environment-friendly materials. As at the end of 2023, the Group had fulfilled the objective, with the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging reaching 100. The Group also actively encourages suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, the Group requires upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. At present, the malt of CRSB mainly adopts bagged transportation and bulk transportation. In 2023, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group s imported malt using individual packaging was approximately 42. The automobile bulk transportation can effectively reduce inventory cost and funds occupation, save labor cost, improve working efficiency, reduce environmental pollution, etc. In 2023, it was estimated that a total of about 7. 23 million packaging bags were saved. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group also strengthens environmental protection cooperation with upstream material suppliers in terms of packaging. In addition to the popularization of Heineken lightweight bottles, the Group also accelerates weight reduction projects for glass bottles of other brands including Snow Opera Mask, Jiangxin Yingzao, Old Snow, and L wen White Beer. Solid Waste and Hazardous Waste Management The Group implements whole process standardized management on hazardous waste and solid waste with a green operation model covering the entire process from procurement to sale, following the principles of reduction, resourcefulness, and harmlessness. In terms of hazardous waste management, in 2023, the Group formulated the Working Plan for Whole Process Standardized Management of Hazardous Waste, established the working team, and selected Nanjing Plant as the pilot plant to implement the working plan. At present, all the plants have developed renovation plans in accordance with the standards. The Group requires all units to entrust hazardous waste to qualified units for disposal, so as to ensure that the process of transferring hazardous waste meets the requirements of national standards. The Group also requires all units to take relevant measures to prevent proliferation, loss and leakage, and shall not allow to dump, pile, discard or scatter hazardous waste without authorization, so as to prevent or reduce the pollution of hazardous waste to the environment. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 122 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThere is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group s production process in 2023. All the hazardous waste generated by the Group was entrusted to external professional agencies for harmless treatment and disposal in accordance with relevant national regulations. In terms of solid waste management, the Group revised and issued CR Beer Solid Waste Management System in 2023, stipulating the management requirements for the identification, collection, storage, utilization, and disposal of solid waste such as general industrial solid waste, hazardous waste, domestic waste, and construction waste; issued the Notice on Giving Risk Alerts on General Industrial Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control, giving risk alerts on the red line of solid waste pollution prevention and control and existing problems in solid waste management processes; issued the Notice on Forwarding the Group s Warnings on Strengthening Solid Waste Management, organizing all units to conduct risk investigation on solid waste compliance management, during which 192 problems were found. In order to standardize the solid waste treatment qualification, the EHS Department of CR Beer, jointly with the Legal Compliance Department of the beer business and Snow Procurement Management Center, specified solid waste utilization and disposal management processes, and determined management responsibilities of EHS supervision and management departments at all levels; provided assistance in the formulation of criteria for qualification and technical capability of utilization and disposal units, as well as pollution prevention and control requirements. EHS EHS GPS 123 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 98. 0 99. 9 Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 1, 482. 5 1, 525. 2 2. 8 General solid waste production 1, 000 tonnes 1, 480. 3 1, 519. 8 2. 6 Integrated use of solid waste utilization 1, 000 tonnes 99. 9 99. 6 0. 2 General solid waste integrated utilization rate 0. 14 0. 13 2. 2 General solid waste production intensity per unittonnes kilolitre output 0. 239 0. 229 4. 5 Hazardous waste production 1, 000 tonnes 7. 8 The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14th Five- Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2023, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group reached 99. 9, with a slight rise as compared with the corresponding period of last year, mainly due to reduced landfilling of sludge and domestic garbage by plants. The relevant data are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. In 2023, all the by-products and waste materials generated by the Group in brewing process were recycled, collected and reused as renewable resources in accordance with relevant national regulations. In addition, as for the by-products generated in the production process, the Group focuses on the research, development and utilization of new technology, new products and new purposes. Currently, the Group is conducting development and utilization of spent grains for protein, dietary fiber or leather products. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 124 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group s Procurement Management Center mainly sells the by- products in accordance with the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB, etc. In addition, the Group implements the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes should be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, the Group can meet with the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling spent grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. The Group also encourages the vendors to install drying equipment, so that spent grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried temporarily to prevent pollution of the environment. The data on the Group s recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows The output of dried spent grains from Baijiu business is estimated based on the output of wet spent grains with a assumed water content ratio at 60. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 206 191 7. 7 Output of dried spent grains 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 17 17 0. 0 Output of dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried waste yeasts 3 Output of spent yeast grass 1, 000 tonnes 100 Recycling rate of spent yeast grass 60 125 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1, 135 (VI) PROTECTION OF ECOSYSTEM AND BIODIVERSITY Committed to protecting the ecosystems and biodiversity, the Group has been fulfilling its environmental protection responsibilities in terms of ecological restoration through a series of policies and measures. It is stipulated that units at all levels should carry out new, reconstruction or expansion projects, plant site selection and equipment and facilities layout according to relevant requirements, avoid the eco-environment sensitive areas, explore and adopt alternative solutions with less ecological impacts, in order to reduce negative impacts of production and business activities on the surrounding eco-environment. Meanwhile, eco-friendly technology should be actively adopted in combination with relevant supporting policies to reduce the direct, indirect and accumulative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem. During raw material procurement, resource consumption and comprehensive utilization, as well as pollutant generation and treatment, etc., priority should be given to clean production technology and processes that can reduce environmental load, and efforts should be made to continuously promote innovation in pollution control equipment and technology, select advanced intelligent equipment and the best feasible pollution prevention technology, and control the duration, intensity and scope of pollutant emission. In addition, natural resources should be reasonably developed and utilized, and ecological protection and governance restoration plans should be formulated in accordance with the law and then effectively implemented. The Group also issued the Notice on Conducting Self- Inspection and Self-correction of Ecological and Environmental Protection Inspections, organizing plants to conduct self-inspection and self-correction. During the period under review, it inspected and rectified 1, 135 ecological and environmental protection problems. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 126 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group organized a working conference on the deployment of rectification action for ecological and environmental protection projects in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin, deeply inspecting ecological and environmental protection problems such as sewage standard discharge, rain and sewage diversion, online monitoring, sludge and other solid waste disposal in compliance with regulations in accordance with the Key Points of Special Rectification Action for Ecological and Environmental Protection of the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin of Central Enterprises and CR Beer General Inspection Key Points of Ecological and Environmental Protection. During the period under review, the Group repaired and restored the damage to the ecosystem and biodiversity during the production and operation process, accumulatively completing the rectification of 31 projects. VII) EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group actively carries out series of events, cultivates the green and low-carbon culture of all employees, and publicizes the green consumption concept at all levels within the Group. For example, all plants organize environmental protection publicity and education events such as 5th June Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Low-carbon Day on a yearly basis. It publicized the theme of Environment Day in various forms including films, posters, slogans, publicity films, bulletin boards, photos, essays, knowledge contests and open day activities, and advocated for all employees to jointly adopt the green and low-carbon lifestyles and actively publicize and implement the ecological civilization concept. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group has been enthusiastic about community investment and actively participated in environmental protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion, the fight against the pandemic, rural revitalization, etc., to send a message of love and bring greater good to the society. During the reporting period, the Group s community investment funds (including donated materials) amounted to RMB2, 665, 000. Specific activities are as follows (I) SUPPORTING EMPLOYMENT AND REVITALIZING RURAL AREAS As an influential national beer company, the Group strives to promote the local economy and improve the employment of locals to achieve joint community construction. In order to provide assistance in the cattle breeding industry in Leibo County, Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China, the Group cooperated with Leibo County to support the implementation of the industrial support plan of basic cattle bank mode in local regions by donating spent grains and other materials. During the period under review, we recruited 4 native university graduates, and related business units employed more than 20 local citizens. In addition, the Group dispatched the 12th batch of members for poverty alleviation in Kangba Village, Tuoba Town, Karuo District, Changdu City in active response to the Key Working Requirements of Changdu Municipal Government on Comprehensively Promoting Rural Rejuvenation. The Company actively recruited university graduates who are natives of Tibetan counties of Sichuan, Yunnan and Gansu, and employed local people. During the period under review, it had 26 incumbent local employees from Ganzi Prefecture and Aba Prefecture, including 6 local employees and 3 ethnic employees. Trailwalker is an annual fundraising hike organized by Oxfam since 1986 to support poverty alleviation, disaster relief and initiatives in Hong Kong, China, the mainland China, Africa and other regions of Asia. Music for Our Young Foundation 6 21 VI Rainbow Foundation SEN 15 Since 2013, CR Beer has supported the Music for Our Young Foundation for several consecutive years, in order to encourage young students to make unremitting efforts for great progress by cultivating the musical attainment of the young people ranging from 6 to 21 years old. In addition to monetary donations, the Group also actively participated in the Explore science with SEN Charity Walk Towards 15th Anniversary held in November 2023 to support the Foundation and underprivileged groups in Hong Kong. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 26 6. 1 20 65 (MUFG Bank, Ltd.) 120, 000, 000 In June 2023, the Group donated funds to the Sham Shui Po Neighborhood Care Association to sponsor its public welfare activity Celebrating the 26th Anniversary of the Handover of Hong Kong to the Motherland and Offering Small Gifts on 1st June International Children s Day, bringing joy to children in Sham Shui Po and sharing the joy of the handover with them. III) BUILDING CR HOPE TOWN In May 2023, the Group donated RMB200, 000 to Zunyi CR Hope Town in Xishui County, Zunyi City, Guizhou Province, which the payment to the Tucheng County Government has been completed, and mainly used to renovate the sewer system in the service center of the residential area, add cultural publicity boards, install football and basketball field facilities, and add equipment to CR Kindergarten, and improve the living environment of Zunyi Hope Town. In 2023, the Group supported the construction of Nanjiang CR Hope Town in Nanjiang County, Bazhong City, Sichuan Province, and donated approximately RMB650, 000 for the construction of Road to Brave the World and a brewing workshop. Through cooperation with CRH in gradual planning and donation for the construction of Milan Hotel, Longquan Taste Rural Restaurant, Hope Tea House, Youth Hostel, rural collective guesthouses and other tertiary industry service supporting buildings, the Group effectively stimulated revenue generation by the rural collective economy and further increased villagers income. IV) GREEN FINANCE The Group actively participates in and supports sustainable finance to promote green development for both society and businesses. During the reporting period, the Group proactively engaged in and fully supported Mitsubishi UFJ Bank s Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB120, 000, 000, which demonstrated the Group s commitment to promoting and implementing sustainable development goals and issues such as renewable energy, energy saving and efficiency improvement, green buildings, emission reduction, environmental and resource management, and biodiversity conservation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 130 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C2 (GRI) 2021 GRI 2021 GRI GRI 2021 GRI 3000 GRI 2021 GRI VERIFICATION STATEMENT SCOPE AND OBJECTIVE Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency ( HKQAA ) performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability disclosures stated in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 (the Report ) of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ( CR Beer ) for the period from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2023. HKQAA s responsibility is to express an assurance conclusion on the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the sustainability data and information stated in the Report. The objectives are to verify the fulfillment in addressing all mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; review the referencing of the selected GRI Standards of the GRI Standards 2021; evaluate the accuracy of the selected data and information presented in the Report; and review the reliability of the data and information management mechanism for preparing the Report. LEVEL OF ASSURANCE AND METHODOLOGY The process applied in this verification was based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our evidence gathering process was designed to obtain a limited level of assurance for devising the verification conclusion. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the ESG Reporting Guide and GRI Standards 2021 (Selected GRI Standards). About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report GRI 2021 The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. INDEPENDENCE CR Beer is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information presented. Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Connie Sham Head of Audit March 2024 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 132 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C2 Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A A Environmental A1 Emission General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. GRI306 GRI306 Waste179 180APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT IN THE APPENDIX C2 OF THE MAINBOARD RULES GOVERNING THE LISTING OF SECURITIES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements133 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A1. 5 Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3 3 3 3(c), 3 3(d) 3 3(e) GRI305 GRI305 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c), 3 3(d) and 3 3(e) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions)GRI305 Emissions72, 145 161 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI303 GRI303 Water and Effluents168 A2. 3 Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3 3 GRI302 GRI302 302 4 302 5 GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 302 Energy)GRI302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 572, 149 151 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themGRI3 3 GRI303 GRI303 303 3GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 372, 166 172 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 134 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. GRI3 3 GRI301 GRI302 GRI303 GRI304 GRI305 GRI306 GRI303 303 2GRI304 304 2GRI306 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI301 Materials, GRI302 Energy, GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI304 Biodiversity, GRI305 Emissions, and GRI306 Waste)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 2GRI304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2GRI306 Waste Disclosure 306 3(c) and 306 5139 144, 181 182 A4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI201 GRI2 12 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance)GRI2 12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts162 165 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social B1 Employment General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI401 401 1(b) GRI401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)118 B2 Health and Safety General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI403 GRI2 27 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety)GRI2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations131 137 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI403 403 2 GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2132 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 136 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI404 404 1GRI404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1129 130 B4 Labour Standards General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI408 GRI409 GRI2 27 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI408 Child Labour and GRI409 Forced or Compulsory Labour)GRI2 27 GRI2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations112 113 B4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI2 6 GRI2-6 Activities, Value Chains and Other Business Relations101 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI308 GRI414 GRI308 308 1 308 2 GRI414 414 1 414 2 GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308 1 and 308 2GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103 B5. 3 Description of practises used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI303 GRI308 GRI414 GRI303 303 1(c)GRI308 308 1 308 2 GRI414 414 1 414 2 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303-1(c)GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308-1and 308-2GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 138 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI306 GRI308 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI306 Waste and GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment)100 B6 Product responsibility General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI416 GRI417 GRI418 GRI416 416 2GRI417 417 2 417 3 GRI418 418 1GRI2 27 GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI417 Marketing and Labelling and GRI418 Customer Privacy)GRI416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2GRI417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosure 417 2 and 417 3GRI418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations87 93 B6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. N A93 B6. 2 Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with. N A78 83, 91 92 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI418 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI418 Customer Privacy)91 95 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements139 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B7 Anti-corruption General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI205 205 3GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205 3107 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI205 GRI205 205 2GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI205 Anti-corruption)GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205-2108 B8 100 General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI203 203 1(a)GRI203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)183 185 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GRI201 201 1 a-ii GRI201 Economic Performance Disclosure 201 1(a-ii)183 185 Incorpor ated in Hong Kong with limit ed liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportEnvironmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j8 52-2360-9722 j8 52-2874-0280 jwww. Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE ABOUT THE REPORT2 3 ABOUT THE REPORT MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN BOARD STATEMENT ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT4 6 8 9 14Strengthening Compliance Operations 01 03 05 02 04 06Focus on Excellent QualityDeeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field Improving Employee WelfareBuilding a Low- Carbon Future Fulfilling Social Responsibility INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX FEEDBACK FORMGovernance Structure Risk Control Business Ethics Information Security20 22 24 27 104 10750 52 5578 80 84 86 91 32 42 4660 63 70 7496 99 100Product Quality Customer Service Intelligent EcologyBreast Milk Research Nutritional Achievements Innovation Capability The Rights and Interests of Employees Employee Development Health and Safety Caring for EmployeesEnvironmental Performance Climate Change Environment Protection System Resource Utilization Emissions Management Responsible Procurement Health Care Charity Activities 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE4 5 This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2023, with some parts earlier or later than the time above. It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries. Data in this report comes from internal statistics, documents, reports, third- party investigations and interviews. The report is prepared based on the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited ( HKEX ). It responds to and complies with the non-compliance interpretation requirement in the Guide in relation to the materiality of issues, the quantitative nature of data, the balance of data and the consistency of disclosure. Unless otherwise specified, this report uses the same data statistics method as that adopted for the 2022 Feihe ESG Report without any significant changes. Reporting Period Reporting Scope Data Sources ReferencesABOUT THE REPORTThis report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, and promote balanced and sustainable development. The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the traditional Chinese version as it shall prevail. The digital version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www. For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report. Form of Report Access to this ReportReporting Entity4 5ABOUT THE REPORT 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE6 7 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Time serves as a testament to progress, while years reflect the resilience of our endeavors. As China's economy continues its upward trajectory, Feihe pursues a steadfast strategy focused on long-term growth, fortified by an unwavering dedication to building our capabilities. Throughout our six-decade journey, we have consistently aimed for the stars, shouldering significant responsibilities, and embodying the ethos that Customer Comes First, Actions Speak Louder than Words. Our culture of Mutual Achievement, Continuous Improvement, underscores our relentless pursuit of excellence, navigating from one triumph to the next with unwavering resolve. Throughout the past year, we have actively pursued strategies and initiatives aimed at ensuring Feihe's sustainability, consistently championing the integration of social, economic, and environmental benefits. Our efforts have contributed to China's carbon neutrality objectives, facilitating the modernization of harmonious coexistence between humanity and the natural world. Acknowledging the significance of stakeholder demands and concerns, we prioritize open communication through diverse channels to ensure alignment with their requirements and objectives. Feihe's dedication to environmental, social, and governance principles was underscored by the accolades received in 2023, including the prestigious titles of ESG Pioneer Enterprise, ESG Development Impact Enterprise, and 2023 Business Power - ESG Green Pioneer Enterprise. A robust corporate governance framework is fundamental to ensuring the long-term sustainability of a company. Guided by a philosophy of sustainable development, we have fortified our risk management systems and monitoring mechanisms, leveraging internal control measures to mitigate potential risks. Furthermore, we have intensified our focus on business ethics and anti- corruption management, laying the foundation for the Company's pursuit of high-quality development. Simultaneously, we have seamlessly integrated ESG principles into various facets of corporate governance. This includes the establishment of an ESG management team under the purview of the board of directors, the formation of dedicated environmental, social, and governance committees, and a deliberate effort to enhance board diversity, thereby safeguarding the Company's long-term sustainability. Our core mission revolves around supporting the healthy development of Chinese infants. Through the implementation of state-of-the-art systems like the Manufacturing Management System (WCM) and a digitalized Quality Management System (QMS), we maintain a meticulous approach to product quality management. We are proactively addressing the risks posed by climate change and actively participating in the national dual carbon initiative. With a clear commitment to achieving comprehensive carbon neutrality by 2050, we are implementing scientifically sound emission reduction measures. This includes conducting thorough carbon footprint assessments for our products and verifying greenhouse gas emissions. Several of our factories have been recognized as green factories at both national and provincial levels. In parallel, we are dedicated to combating pollution by continually developing environmentally friendly production methods. The concept of green development is ingrained into every phase of our manufacturing and operations, reflecting our unwavering commitment to environmental stewardship. Internally, we prioritize the well-being of our staff members, providing them with a nurturing work environment and ample opportunities for growth and development. By significantly enhancing the quality of education in resource-poor areas and supporting the wealth-sharing industry chain, we fulfill our duty as a responsible enterprise and demonstrate our patriotism. We are committed to implementing the goals outlined in the 20th National Congress and the 14th Five-Year Plan. Collaborating with various stakeholders, we advocate for development philosophies centered on green, low-carbon, and circular economies. Leveraging Feihe's strengths, we aim to contribute to the creation of a new development pattern and a modern industrial system. Through rapid advancement, we endeavor to establish Feihe as a prominent national brand, poised to thrive in the forthcoming era of national enterprises. Leng Youbin Chairman March 20247MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 8 9 Feihe attaches high importance on sustainable management and has established and continues to improve its environmental, social, and governance (ESG) framework. We are committed to creating a sustainable corporate governance structure, actively addressing the concerns of shareholders and other investors, customers, suppliers, employees, and the public, and effectively safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders, including shareholders and other investors, customers, suppliers, employees, and the public. This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2023 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2024. For 60 years, Feihe has been dedicated to research on Chinese babies constitution and breastfeeding nutrition, leading the industry in developing various technologies, formulas, and processes to enhance the adaptability of infant formula to Chinese babies' constitution. The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children. In the future, Feihe will continue to adhere to its strategic positioning as Smart Babies Drink Feihe. Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. Company Profile Corporate Culture Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Bring joy and health to familiesPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceVision Mission Values BOARD STATEMENT8ABOUT FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE10 11 2023 Rewards Products and services Awards at the 2023 MONDE SELECTION Gold Silver Bronze MONDE SELECTIONExcellent Service Award from the Good Life Alliance JD RetailCertification of China Milk SourceLongbiao Quality Assessment Report Technology R&D Second Prize of Technological Progress Award Application of Membrane Sterilization and Aseptic Addition Technology in Ambient Temperature Milk with Active Lactoferrin China Dairy Industry Association China National Committee of the International Dairy FederationChinese Dairy Industry Technological Innovation Exemplary Enterprise China Dairy Industry AssociationSocial Responsibility Title of National Advanced Private Enterprise in Employment and Social Security All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce All-China Federation of Trade Unions Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of ChinaTop 100 Pioneers among China's ESG- Listed Companies China Central Radio and Television StationEmployee Management 51job Outstanding Employer Award 2023 51jobBest Employer Management Practice Award 2023 Beisen Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. Digital Ecology 2023 Annual Advanced Demonstration Case of Digital Transformation in the Consumer Goods Industry China Light Industry Information Center2022-2023 TOP 10 Vanguard Enterprise Supply Chain Digitization Award Blue Whale Hunwater Information Technology Co., LtdChina Certification & Inspection Group (CCIC) Heilongjiang Branch Heilongjiang Branch Heilongjiang Province Brand Strategy Promotion AssociationChina Dairy Industry Association Discovery ChannelQuality Gold Award in the Infant Formula Milk Powder Quality Competition Nomination Award in the China Quality Award Outstanding Rural Revitalization Cases 2023 China Newspaper Industry ESG Development Impact Enterprise of the Year 2023 HexunResponsible Enterprise of the Year 2023 China Corporate Social Responsibility Forum Business Power - ESG Green Pioneer Enterprise of the Year 2023 Shijie Economic Weekly Market Research Institute of ShijiePeople's Corporate Social Responsibility Award-Rural Revitalization Award people. cn People's Daily Typical Cases of Green, Low- Carbon, and Sustainable Development in China's Dairy Industry China Dairy Industry AssociationOutstanding Responsibility Report of the Year 2023 China Enterprise Social Responsibility Annual Conference (South Weekend)ESG Pioneer Enterprise of the Year 2023 NetEase Public Welfare Project Assisting Rural Revitalization Plan 2023 Loving Enterprises Communist Party Committee of Samzhubz District, Xigaz City, Tibet Autonomous Region People's Government of Samzhubz District Xigaz City Tibet Autonomous Region2023 Rewards 2023 Campus Recruitment Excellence Practice Award Yonyou Dayee Cloud Recruitment, Digital HR Summit 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE12 13 Key Performances in 2023 Strengthening Compliance Operations Marketing-related reports with a completion rate of 100 Supplier anti-corruption clause contract signing rate 100 Conducted a total of 17 anti-corruption training sessions for distributors With cumulative learning exceeding 400 participantsOrganized employees to watch the Trust and Integrity Enterprise Alliance live courses more than 20 Organized 2 information security training sessionsWith over 3, 000 participants engaging in information security drillsReceived 0 corruption-related legal proceedingCarried out anti-corruption training sessions covering 100 staff Deepening in the Nutrition Field Building a Low-Carbon FutureTotal research investment reached RMB 0. 61 billion Conducted testing for over 9, 800 types of active components in breast milkThe breast milk database has incorporated over 2, 300 breast milk samplesPublished 5 SCI papers related to breast milkApplied for 4 invention patentsAccumulated 226 authorized patentsWith 130 authorized patents obtained in 2023Over 700 Participants With a cumulative duration of 30 hoursConducted 11 intellectual property training sessions512 trademarks under application Conducted Environmental Protection Day activities, reaching 631 participantsTotal water savings of 75, 000 tonnesTotal environmental investment of RMB 3. 5368 million COD reduction amounting to 28. 71 tonnesThe proportion of recyclable materials in the packaging materials used in production is 96 With no penalties incurred due to environmental violationsApplied for 1, 939 trademarksIncluding 1, 427 registered trademarksFocus on Excellence in Quality Customer complaint closure rate within 72 hours reached 91. 4 Product recall incidents occurred NoThe total membership of the Star Mom Club has exceeded 65 millionWith a 55 increase in user activity compared to the previous period6 laboratories have been accredited by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS)With the highest number of accredited items being 104Covering 71 testing standardsOrganized 153 quality and food safety training eventsWith a cumulative training duration of 514. 4 hoursOver 95 of raw material suppliers have passed ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, and ISO 22000 certificationsAll factories have achieved ISO 9001 Quality Management System and FSSC 22000 Food Safety Management System certification, achieving 100 certification coverage Enhancing Employee Well-being Carrying Out Social ResponsibilitiesRecruited 10 mid-to- high-level digital talentFemale employees account for 43 of the total workforce With 100 coverage in safety training65 Key position talents Over 95 of raw material suppliers have obtained ISO- related certificationsEngaged in 6 visits with senior executives of distributors Invested over RMB 65 million in the Longjiang Education Charity Action Benefiting more than 280, 000 in-service full-time teachersOver 3. 3 million StudentsConducted over 100 business exchanges Donated a total of RMB 27 million in cash and goods in 2023 Covering 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang ProvinceAverage safety training per employee is 8 hours The occupational health examination rate for employees in hazardous positions is 100 Employee training coverage reached 100 6 Factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certificationSupported over 500 employeesWith an average of 53 hours of training per person With an investment of RMB 3. 3736 million in safety productionProviding gifts and condolences amounting to over RMB 15 millionTimely pre-employment, during- employment, and post-employment health examinations reached 100 Occupational disease suspected occupational disease detected 0Key performances in 2023 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE14 15 ESG Governance Communication with StakeholdersFeihe integrates corporate responsibility and dedication into its core values, prioritizing sustainable management and actively championing sustainability across five pivotal domains quality innovation, industry prosperity, ecological balance, people-centric initiatives, and care and accountability. The Company's Board of Directors serves as the highest authority and decision-making body for ESG matters, ensuring robust oversight of ESG-related policies, objectives, and disclosures to establish effective ESG risk management and internal control systems. This committee oversees ESG issues that may impact the Company's business or operations, as well as the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. The Company's management team is entrusted with setting ESG goals and action plans, while relevant executive levels are assigned to coordinate the implementation of these plans and drive progress across various ESG initiatives. Major stakeholders Expectations and demands Our response Governments and regulatorsOperate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on timeAccept supervision and assessment Participate in meetings and training organized by government and industry associations Shareholders and investorsImprove returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market valueConvene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular announcements Organize investor relations activities ConsumersProduce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication channelsConduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualized traceability across the industry Industrial chain partnersAbide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growthCommunicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peersEngage in fair competition Boosting the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research with universities EnvironmentalistsProtect the environment Use resources responsiblyBuild green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions EmployeesSafeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balanceBuild a multi-tiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees CommunitiesBoost local economies Engage with the community Help those in needProvide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babies SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENTSUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE16 17 Materiality Assessment To prepare this report, we followed the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, identified ESG issues and made materiality assessment to ensure comprehensive coverage of the information disclosed in the report and the concerns of stakeholders. In 2023, the Company reviewed material issues, reassessed, analyzed and adjusted them based on issues in the industry, media monitoring results, and changes in ESG development trends to further identify Feihe's 2022 ESG material issues in better response to sustainable development trends and stakeholders' demands. The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2023 are determined as follows Identify relevant issues Research signifcance Evaluate impact on operations21 issues concerning environment, society and, corporate governance were identifed. They were col-lected from a broad range of sources, including the HKEX ESG Guide, GRI Standards, internal policies and strategies, peer practices and an ESG rating system. Senior management assessed the impact of the identifed issues on our core business segments. The issues were ranked based on their signifcance to stakeholders and to Feihe. This ranking was represented in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclosure. High Medium Low 1 GHG emissions and energy management 2 Green procurement of raw materials 3 Green packaging and recycling 4 Employee rights and welfare 5 Food quality and safety 6 Responsible marketing 7 Service quality management 8 Opportunities for nutritional innovation 9 Compliant operation and production10 Waste management 11 Water resource management 12 Response to climate change 13 Occupational health and safety 14 Career development and training 15 Intellectual property protection 16 Supplier management 17 Customer privacy management 18 Business ethics and anti- corruption 19 Risk mangement20 Ecological conservation 21 Charity activitiesSustainability Activities Feihe's Participation in ESG Standard FormulationIn 2023, Feihe participated in multiple international conferences on sustainability, effectively communicating our experiences and accomplishments in sustainable development to the global community. Notably, we showcased innovative solutions for implementing circular economy practices in livestock farming within cold climate regions, as well as strategies for fostering low-carbon development in the dairy industry. In addition, throughout 2023, Feihe actively engaged in the development of various ESG standards and guidelines, offering professional support for ESG education and the establishment of ESG evaluation standards. Enviromental Issues Social Issues Governance Issues Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2023 Rank the issues 01 02 03 04LowMedium High Table Attendance at International Conferences by Feihe in 2023 Feihe was invited to participate in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Seminar on Collaborative Transformation and Development of Digital Greenization. Feihe was recognized for its outstanding case study titled Promoting Transformation and Upgrading of China's Dairy Industry through Collaborative Transformation and Development of Digital Greenization. Feihe shared its sustainable innovation practices and committed to the Business in Action - Consensus on Sustainable Industrial Development initiative. This initiative encompasses areas such as resource utilization, renewable energy adoption, technological innovation, inclusive development, and sustainable international cooperation. Representing Chinese enterprises, Feihe was invited to attend the China Pavilion High-level Side Event at the United Nations COP28. Feihe showcased concepts and achievements such as the Ecological Circulation Model in the Whole Industry Chain, demonstrating China's corporate ingenuity and determination in carbon reduction efforts. In June 2023 In September 2023 In December 2023 Feihe collaborated with units such as the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC) to compile the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Basic Course Materials. Feihe participated in the formulation of the China Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting Guidelines 5. 0 (CASS-CSR 5. 0). Each committee is responsible for offering decision- making references and suggestions on major management matters, collaborating effectively to fulfill their respective functions, to ensure the efficient operation of the Board of Directors. Our Border consists of 11 directors, including 4 executive directors, 3 non- executive directors, and 4 independent non-executive directors, who operate independently from the controlling shareholder in terms of management, operation, and finance. During the reporting period, the Company's Board of Directors held four meetings, with a director attendance rate of 95. Board MembersGovernance StructureFeihe has diligently complied with national laws and regulations, domestic and overseas regulatory requirements, including all relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Cayman Islands Companies Law, and the Corporate Governance Code of Appendix C1 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Executive directors 4 Nonexecutive directors 3 Independent non-executive directors 4The Company's Board of Directors held meetings 4With a director attendance rate of 95 Structure of the Board of Directors ESG Committee Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Audit CommitteeBoard of Directors Feihe strictly adheres to its internal regulations, granting the Board of Directors a variety of important rights, including but not limited to implementing resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders, formulating development strategies and investment plans, evaluating our governance, risk management and internal controls, ensuring the Company's compliant operations and sustainable development. By utilizing internal control measures effectively, we can play a preventive role in risk management. The Audit Committee of Feihe is responsible for risk management and oversees the implementation of the risk control system comprehensively. Under the Committee, a crisis management team is established to swiftly and effectively address various crises, minimizing potential risks to the greatest extent possible. In the event of a crisis, our crisis management team works to assess the damage caused comprehensively and draws lessons to avoid similar issues in the future. In 2023, Feihe updated its risk framework in response to changes in the Company's internal and external environment, further strengthened the effectiveness of closed-loop management, and ensured that risk response measures were effectively implemented and achieved the expected results. During quarterly evaluations of risk identification and control effectiveness, we conduct targeted one-on-one Q&A sessions to ensure that every employee is well-versed in risk awareness. This approach aims to build a robust barrier against potential risks. Risk ControlFeihe consistently upholds that sustainable growth hinges on the establishment of a comprehensive and responsible risk management framework. We prioritize our core business activities, elevate corporate management standards and awareness of risk prevention, advocate for the establishment and upkeep of robust internal control systems, and actively participate in internal audit processes. These efforts serve as a solid defense, safeguarding the Company's stable operation and facilitating its long-term growth trajectory. Audit and SupervisionThe Company has formulated the Feihe Dairy Group Audit System, the Reward and Punishment Management System of Feihe Dairy, which outlines the audit and supervision scope for directors, senior management, various functional departments, and wholly-owned or holding and participating companies with significant influence. Specific departments or personnel involved in compliance incidents are directly linked to individual performance assessments, guiding employees to actively fulfill their job responsibilities. In 2023, we conducted six comprehensive audits to ensure the compliance of our Company's operations, covering the authenticity and reasonableness of business operations, the compliance of system processes, and the effectiveness of internal management. These audits spanned across various departments and units, including the supply chain, production, IT, and research and development. Additionally, we conducted special reviews focusing on fixed asset management, information system continuity, intellectual property, and IT. These initiatives were aimed at comprehensively enhancing the Company's governance level and bolstering our capabilities in risk prevention. We conducted subsequent reviews to assess the effectiveness of the corrective actions, ensuring the consistency and reliability of the Company's management practices. Feihe Special Audit We conducted a comprehensive review of the annual inventory of company fixed assets, with a focus on inventory scope, discrepancies between accounting records and physical assets, and assessed the suitability of the fixed asset management system. Simultaneously, we conducted checks on the daily management of assets, identified any issues or deficiencies, and implemented improvement measures to ensure the security and appreciation of assets. Special assessment of fixed asset management We developed business continuity management regulations, clearly defined responsibilities, risk management requirements for system upgrades and maintenance, emergency management plans, etc. Risk identifcationPatent analysis We conducted a comprehensive review of company patents, assessed their market value and technological advantages, and established an intellectual property system. Trademark protection We evaluated the Company's trademark registration, usage, and protection status, and enhanced the trademark system. Intellectual property risk prevention We analyzed potential risks the Company may face in terms of intellectual property and proposed risk prevention measures. System security We conducted security assessments of the Company's IT systems to ensure their security. Account permissions We reviewed permissions for internal and external personnel, effectively reducing system security risks and management costs. Project management We evaluated the effectiveness of project management, covering aspects such as project planning, resources, and costs. We identified potential risks and management issues, and provided targeted improvement suggestions to ensure the smooth implementation and operation of projects. It is tasked with comprehensively overseeing and implementing daily anti-fraud measures within the Company and its subsidiaries, ensuring adherence to laws, regulations, and ethical standards in all business activities. The Company takes a firm stance against fraudulent activities that undermine its economic interests or result in improper economic gains. Investigation outcomes pertaining to business ethics and anti-corruption matters are directly reported to the Company's CEO and Chairman for review. If illegal activities are suspected, they are promptly referred to judicial authorities as required. During the reporting period, the Company did not face any legal proceedings related to corruption. This ensures a comprehensive approach to integrity management. In 2023, the Company continuedly conducted a total of 30 anti-corruption-related training sessions, targeting the Board of Directors, management, and ordinary employees, with a training coverage rate of 100. Additionally, we prioritize integrity management among distributors and conducted a total of 17 special training sessions on anti-corruption and integrity for them. Feihe's anti-corruption external lecturer training sceneBusiness Ethics Feihe has always regarded professional ethics and integrity building as core elements of corporate development, imple- menting them in every aspect of corporate governance. The Company complies with the Company Law of the People's Re - public of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and other national policies and regulations, as well as the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China. Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures for Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy and other internal policies continuously improve compliance performance and business ethics management. Anti-corruption-related training coverage rate of 100 The Company continuedly conducted a total of anti- corruption-related training sessions 30Reporting Process and Whistleblower ProtectionTo effectively prevent and combat fraudulent behavior, we have explicitly prohibited all levels of personnel from disclosing whistleblower information or engaging in retaliatory actions against whistleblowers within the Feihe Dairy Group Audit Management System. Special teams have been formed to conduct comprehensive investigations into reported matters and compliance risks revealed during regular assessments, with clear punitive and control measures outlined accordingly. Throughout the investigation and handling of reported matters, we strictly adhere to the confidentiality system to fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of whistleblowers and investigators, striving to foster a compliant and healthy business environment. Marketing-related reports with a completion rate of 100 Report Processing Process Preliminarily examine the re- porting, e. g. whether the in- formant has evidence, clues, and sources, to judge the fea- sibility to investigate and audit. The task force analyses the key evidence, determines the inves - tigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval. The task force verifies and in - vestigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evi- dence. Preliminary examinationInitiating complaints Collecting evidence Investigation reportFeedback to senior levels02 050301 04 Strengthening Compliance Operations26 27 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe is committed to fostering an open and transparent procurement environment, ensuring fair and orderly cooperation with suppliers. In 2023, Feihe achieved a 100 signing rate for supplier contracts containing anti-corruption clauses. This initiative focuses on comprehensive risk control throughout the department's processes, accompanied by advocacy and training endeavors. In 2023, Feihe officially became a member of the Sunshine Integrity Alliance, spearheaded by leading enterprises across diverse industries and the Criminal Law Science Research Center of Renmin University of China. Through this alliance, we engage in idea exchange and advocate for a culture of integrity and compliance, actively cultivating a transparent and ethical business environment. Throughout the reporting period, we took part in events such as the 2023 Enterprise Investigation Practice Seminar and the 6th (2023) Corporate Integrity and Compliance Summit, actively contributing to the steadfast development of the industry. Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Feihe conducts regular integrity training sessions focusing on procurement matters. Enterprise Investigation Practice Seminar SiteFeihe achieved a signing rate for supplier contracts containing anti-corruption clauses 100 In 2023 With over participants benefiting 400We organize viewing sessions for the Sunshine Integrity Alliance live courses, totaling more than sessions 20Information SecurityFeihe prioritizes the protection of customer privacy and information security. We have implemented an information security management reporting mechanism, mandating all levels of information security management organizations to routinely consolidate information security efforts and report to higher-level organizations. Feihe Information Security Management System Information Security CommitteeSenior leadership of the Company and heads of information security-related departments Professional staff from the Information Technology Center Designated personnel from each departmentInformation Security Management Team Information Security Representatives in Each Department Formulated and supervised information security policies and strategies, guided information security work; Hold quarterly meetings to review and guide the reports of the Information Security Committee, assessed the Company's information security status, and plan the work of the next phase. Conducted daily information security management tasks such as risk assessment, vulnerability management, and compliance checks; Hold weekly meetings to report and handle information security incidents, summarize and arrange daily management work, and report the information security work of their department to the head of the Information Security Management Team. We have constructed a comprehensive information security system. In 2023, we revised existing management systems by amending the Information Security Management System and the Security Vulnerability Management Regula - tions. These revisions include clarifying the overall policy and main objectives of the Group's network security management, further defining responsibilities for vulner- ability management, and enhancing code inspection management requirements. Feihe follows ISO 27001 Information Security Management System and network security level protection guidelines for construction, actively conducting clas- sification and filing of information system network security levels, and promptly implementing rectifications for network security level protection assessment is - sues. In 2023, the Company completed the level protection assessment of level three systems such as the Feihe Dairy Online Operation Platform and the Feihe Dairy Big Data Platform. Throughout the reporting period, the Company did not encounter any significant network security incidents. In 2023, the Company conducted audits on the basic security, network architecture security, data security, information security risk management, information security emergency management, and information security management systems of public cloud platforms, private cloud platforms, and internal production systems. These audits were instrumental in effectively preventing information security risks. Information security system training Feihe's Information Security Management Measures The Company implemented physical access controls and physical security monitoring for the production environment to ensure that only authorized personnel can enter critical areas. Strict access restrictions are imposed on data to ensure that only authorized personnel can access sensitive data and resources. Key information encryption measures are adopted to protect important data. In 2023, four security checks were conducted, resulting in the identification and rectification of 258 vulnerabilities. We developed emergency response plans and recovery plans to ensure timely response and data system recovery in the event of security incidents. In April 2023, Feihe conducted a 5-day attack-defense drill involving more than 3, 000 employees to enhance their emergency response capabilities. During the drill, one group of participants attacked the production system, identifying system vulnerabilities and gaining access to system data permissions. Meanwhile, another group monitored the attack situation and promptly handled any attack events. This exercise uncovered security vulnerabilities and risks within the organization, leading to the implementation of effective measures for repair and improvement, ultimately achieving the desired objectives. In 2023, we introduced a range of quality management procedure documents, such as the Emergency Preparedness and Response Management Procedure, Production Line Shutdown and Restart Release Management Procedure, Foreign Object Prevention Visual Inspection Equipment Verification and Confirmation Management Specification, Quality Training Management Specification, and others. Additionally, we updated documents including the Management Review Control Procedure, Complaint Investigation and Analysis Management Procedure, Group Quality Award Management Measures, and standards for raw material risk monitoring. These efforts aim to elevate quality standards across all stages of production and distribution, while further standardizing quality inspection processes to ensure the integrity of raw milk sources from pastures. Product QualityFeihe upholds the quality management policy of customer- centric, all-inclusive, earning trust, pursuing excellence, and steady progress. These measures guarantee that our products consistently meet the highest quality standards. Full-cycle Quality Management Process Consumer demandMarket research Regulatory compliance New raw material review Raw material standards InspectionNew product initiation Satisfaction surveys Complaint handlingConsumers Transportation vehicle management Product protectionLogistics Customer service User experienceSales Storage condition management Product protectionWarehousing Accuracy of quality management system verification Release management based on process, conditions, and verificationVerification release User requirements Sanitary engineering 4Q verificationProject design Self-controlled milk source management Supplier management Raw material risk monitoring Incoming acceptance Deviation managementSupply chain management Product formula design Stability studies Product trials Equipment process compliance Packaging safety assessment Transportation experimentsResearch and development design Quality control plan HACCP food safety control system Food defense and food fraud management Microbial control Chemical pollution control Foreign object control Pest control Cleaning and disinfection control Change, verification Deviation managementProduction 1 PDCA Cycle The quality management process is divided into four stages, namely Plan, Do, Check, and Act. Work is organized according to planning, implementation, checking the results of implementation, and incorporating successful practices into standards while addressing unsuccessful ones in the next cycle. Focus on Excellent Quality34 35 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Milk Quality Inspection Processes In addition, we place great importance on the implementation of WCM (World Class Manufacturing). These pillars are instrumental in continuously enhancing equipment efficiency and personnel management capabilities, thereby fostering the ongoing improvement of Feihe's product quality. In 2023, Feihe optimized the QM pillar pathway by refining the management process of pre- indicators at various stages in the factory, streamlining change processes, and implementing sensory evaluation systems. The goal is to consistently prioritize risks and complaints, establishing a zero-defect system. Among these initiatives, we introduced a digitalized Quality Management System (QMS) that integrates quality management throughout the entire process, from supplier evaluation, material procurement, receipt, storage, production, and inspection, to release. This ensures precise data analysis, automatic deviation alerts, and the closed-loop management of deviation prevention measures validation. During the reporting period, Feihe has consistently exceeded EU standards in the quality of fresh milk, with total bacterial counts controlled to 1 20 of the EU standard and somatic cell counts controlled to 1 2 of the EU standard. This ensures the creation of optimal conditions for maintaining product quality stability. During the reporting period, our domestic factories have achieved ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system certification. These certifications encompass the production processes of baby formula milk powder, milk powder, liquid milk, and other related products. Additionally, the Kedong and Shaanxi factories have obtained HACCP8 Certification and GMP9 Certification which encompass the production processes of baby formula milk powder, milk powder, and liquid milk. The Kedong and Gannan factories have obtained FSVP10 certification and CGMP11 certification with the certification scope covering the production of baby formula milk powder. Process inspection On the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10766, GB 10767, and GB 19301, we monitor the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspect each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards. Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process. The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems and reinforces good practice. Environmental inspection Third-party appraisal Identification and improvement 2 FI pillar Focused Improvement pillar effectively control costs, reduce switch ing, improve efficiency, shorten the lead time for delivery, better completion of deliveries and support the fresh strategy. AM pillar Autonomous maintenance pillar-organize front-line operators to participate in early-stage checks for abnormal problems and simple maintenance tasks. HACCP A food safety control system that identifies critical control points th rough hazard analysis. Focus on Excellent Quality36 37 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We prioritize the professional development of personnel within our quality system by implementing comprehensive competency improvement plans tailored to employees in various positions. These plans encompass training sessions that address system standards, professional technical knowledge, inspection skills, and the sharing of experiences in quality and food safety management practices. Throughout the reporting period, we conducted a total of 153 quality and food safety training sessions, accumulating a duration of 514. 4 hours. These sessions were attended by over 4, 000 employees across functional groups, factory quality, and key production positions. The seminar focused on discussing and exchanging ideas regarding quality control issues, including consistency checks on records, on-site parameter verification, and personnel question and assessment. The aim was to ensure effective implementation of quality control across all factories. During the seminar, 27 execution highlights were identified at the Longjiang factory and shared with other factories. Additionally, over a hundred discussion items were raised during the QMS rationality comparison process, providing direction for further updates and implementation of QMS across factories. Feihe's inaugural QMS training seminar Feihe's inaugural QMS training seminar In April, 2023, Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar was held at the Longjiang Factory with the aim of addressing issues related to synergy, innovation, and consistency in the operation of the quality pillar. The seminar reviewed the practical results achieved in pilot factories, clarified the direction and focus for future development, discussed the importance of WCM quality pillars in addressing challenges, and improving quality management and consumer satisfaction. Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar In January 2023, Feihe organized a specialized training session aimed at enhancing sensory skills. During this event, sensory inspectors from various factories underwent training sessions that included explanations of sensory evaluation methods, practical exercises, and discussions to address operational inconsistencies and ambiguities in standards. Through this training, participants gained hands- on experience with sensory evaluation workflows and improved their overall competency in sensory inspection. Feihe's inaugural sensory skill enhancement training Feihe sensory skills enhancement training Focus on Excellent Quality38 39 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We have established a product testing laboratory that encompasses over 200 testing items throughout the entire industry chain, ensuring precise examination of nutritional components, trace elements, and harmful risk factors in milk powder. Notably, six of our laboratories have obtained accreditation from the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS), covering 104 items across 71 testing standards. These standards include various categories such as dairy products, infant and toddler foods, animal and vegetable oils, and nutritional fortifiers. Additionally, our laboratories actively participate in proficiency testing programs organized by FAPAS12 LGC13and ACAS14, amounting to a total of 946 assessments. Each of these assessments has received satisfactory evaluations, underscoring the accuracy and reliability of Feihe's testing laboratories. This endeavor involves the construction of pastures, exclusive pastures, and feed processing plants, alongside reinforcing veterinary medicine management and on-site supervision. Our pasture is strategically situated in the Golden Milk Source Belt at 47 N latitude, forming a specialized industry cluster that integrates grass planting, dairy cow breeding, production processing, and after-sales services. The self-owned pasture achieves 100 self-sufficiency in milk sources, encompassing dairy cow breeding, health care and prevention, milking, and fresh milk transportation. The Company has implemented a product traceability system that provides customers with essential details such as the product's origin. Additionally, through visualized projects, we have achieved full-chain traceability, enabling users to observe the live production process of milk powder via remote cameras. Every month, Feihe factories inspect the pastures on-site, checking for issues with withdrawal period control, feed management, veterinary medicine management, and fresh milk microbiological indicators. An audit team is established annually to carry out in-depth examinations of supplier pasture environments and system architecture. Furthermore, we prioritize animal welfare by using TMR15 feeding to ensure a balanced diet for our animals, trimming their hooves, and safeguarding them from diseases and parasites. Milk Source Management Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650. 1-2022 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limits for 41 Veterinary Medicines in Food and has developed a risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to the risk early warnings of chemical contaminants in milk and dairy products issued by the EU, WHO, FDA, Canadian Food Inspection Agency, and other international organizations. This plan is used to strictly manage veterinary medicine and cattle health. The pasture regularly conducts veterinary medicine inventory to determine the use, inventory, and amount of incoming medicine to ensure that veterinary medicine are used accurately with detailed classifications. It is strictly prohibited to cross-use veterinary medicines between lactating and non-lactating cows. Furthermore, prescription medicines must be administered by a qualified veterinarian in each pasture. The third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiotic residues in raw milk. Managing Veterinary Medicine6 our laboratories have obtained ac - creditation from the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) 12 FAPAS determine the capabilities of food testing and analysis laboratories can verify inspection methods for chemical components, microorganisms, etc., in food items such as meat, edible oils, baby food, vegetables, and so on. LGC The LGC Laboratory Capability Verification Program covers professional areas such as food, beverages, and the environment. It provides solutions for laboratories worldwide to conduct measurement comparisons with international standards, self-monitoring of laboratories, and improvement of measurement quality. TMR Total Mixed Ration (TMR) is a feeding technique that involves thoroughly mixing roughage, concentrates, minerals, vitamins, and other additives to provide sufficient nutrition to meet the needs of dairy cows. Focus on Excellent Quality40 41 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Daily Management Quality TrainingEvaluation and AssessmentWe implemented an extensive internal control system for quality to guarantee rigorous oversight in all areas, ranging from procurement to production. We identi- fied and prevented potential risks, effectively avoiding and controlling potential risks of chemical pollutants and pathogens entering finished products, thereby ensuring product quality. In 2023, we optimized the supplier quality manage- ment process, which improved the level of supplier quality and food safety management. Outstanding suppliers were given priority in procurement and offered increased order quantities. For suppliers with poor delivery quality, we conducted investigations, implemented corrective actions, and eliminated suppliers whose performance improve- ments did not meet requirements. In 2023, more than 95 of Feihua's raw material suppliers have been certified with ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, and ISO 22000, covering all raw material suppliers and core packaging suppliers. Supplier Quality Management Supplier Quality Management Measures Quality Access and Audit We conducted systematic evaluations of the suitability, adequacy, and effective- ness of suppliers' food safety manage- ment systems. Suppliers that did not pass the audit were not permitted to enter Fei - he's qualified supplier list. We revised documents such as Supplier Access and Reassessment Procedure and Supplier Audit Procedure, conducting comprehensive assessments of suppli - ers' quality and food safety management systems during the qualification access phase to ensure suppliers meet required standards. We referenced domestic and international standards to establish risk control stan- dards for raw materials and packaging materials, requiring suppliers to provide third-party quality testing reports and conduct monitoring of these materials at each factory. Feihe has always adhered to the bottom line of food safety, strictly abiding by relevant laws and regulations such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China and the Food Recall Management Measures. Moreover, the Company conducts regular simulated recall drills each year to ensure that the recall procedure can be promptly initiated in the event of any food safety hazards. Feihe places great emphasis on product safety risk management, with a professional team conducting risk assessments and conducting rigorous testing on every batch of products before they leave the factory. If any abnormality is found during these inspections, we immediately investigate any deviations, and determine the best disposal plan to legally dispose of non-conforming products. In 2023, we reported no product recall. Product Recall Focus on Excellent Quality42 43 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe places customer satisfaction at the forefront and has established various platforms including roadshows, events, apps, and hotlines. Through platforms such as Star Mom, we provide personalized nutrition and health services, along with scientific parenting advice. With a remarkable 55 increase in user activity, Star Mom boasts over 65 million members as of 2023. Throughout the year, we successfully hosted over ten online events, facilitating in-depth communication with customers and fostering trust. Feihe values the management of customer service personnel and has established customer service systems and standards, including the Customer Feedback Incentive Program and Performance and Monthly Reward Program, to enhance the overall quality and service level of after-sales service personnel. Moreover, each customer service representative holds advanced certificates in infant care and nutrition, ensuring the delivery of professional and high-quality after-sales service to customers. Customer CommunicationCustomer ServiceFeihe attaches great importance to meeting the needs of our customers. We are dedicated to delivering an exceptional service experience by establishing diversified channels to safeguard consumer rights and interests. Feihe's customer communication channels 400 care hotline Regular care from nutrition consultantsParenting workshops Online consultation through Star Mom platformApp terminal app Parent-child activitiesSocial media interactionPregnancy lectures Roadshows Feihe has innovated its customer service model through the Star Mom preferred platform, introducing an in - novative online and offline integrated service model for maternal and child retail stores. This has helped mater - nal and child stores smoothly tran - sition into comprehensive family life experience stores. The baby online event in Zhengzhou, Henan Prov- ince, serves as a successful practi- tioner of this model, having operated its family consumer business as an independent business line, greatly enhancing the shopping experience for consumers. Innovative customer service model Baby Online event scene In May 2023, Feihe held the 528 Baby Day event. Through a user- generated content (UGC) video voting selection format, the event attracted over 30, 000 new members within 20 days and actively engaged more than 540, 000 participants, receiving over 10, 000 video submissions. Feihe 528 Baby Day Event Feihe 528 Baby Day Event pageParticipants in Brain Development Strategy activities 24. 65 millionParticipants of 528 Baby Day activities 540, 000 Focus on Excellent Quality44 45 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We devised strategies in accordance with the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations. This includes the establishment of the Product Packaging Design Process and the standardization of product promotion and responsible sales systems to ensure the authenticity and efficacy of product packaging information. This process encompasses marketing slogans, advertisements, posters, and promotional event content, ensuring thorough scrutiny before publication. Additionally, we collaborated closely with the China Advertising Association and jointly initiated the No promotion for Stage 1 formula, no advertising for Stage 1-2 formula initiative. These seminars covered topics related to market, brand, and channel marketing, thereby standardizing employee responsibilities in marketing behavior. To this end, we have implemented the Distributor Management System and the Distributor Star Management Program, which delineate the rights and obligations of both parties, ensuring fairness, justice, and transparency throughout the cooperation process. This ensures that distributors meet the requirements for brand development, and allows us to adjust cooperation strategies promptly when necessary. In our commitment to enhancing the professionalism and sales capabilities of distributors, we conduct regular training activities. These sessions feature industry experts and internal professional teams who provide training on product knowledge, sales skills, and market trends for our distributors. Distributor Management In August, 2023, we held the mid-year distribu - tor conference for network distribution in Beijing. The main topics covered marketing incentive mechanisms, reward systems, product review systems, and transparent factory traceability. Through sharing and exchanges at the distrib- utor conference, we continued to optimize its network distribution business, providing distrib- utors and consumers with more efficient and high-quality services. Feihe mid-year distributor conference for network distribution Distributor Conference Scene In August, 2023, we invited the core distributors to participate in the Douyin Traceability Season event on our Douyin platform. The goal was for distributors to gain a better understanding of our manufacturing process and quality assurance, as well as to establish a closer relationship with Feihe, thereby increasing their trust and sense of belonging to the products. Douyin Traceability Season Event Feihe and distributors participated in the Douyin Traceability Season event Feihe has always adhered to a responsible approach towards consumers, employing systems like the Complaint Verification and Reporting Process to swiftly identify and track complaint risks, ensuring timely issue resolution. In 2023, our closure rate within 72 hours reached 91. 4, marking a 4. 6 increase from the previous year. Moreover, we successfully identified and improved 46 complaint risks related to products, sales, and services in 2023, resolving 34 risk issues with a closure rate of 73. 9. Our customer satisfaction rate has reached an impressive 98. Consumers' Rights and Interests Our customer satisfac- tion rate has reached an impressive 98 We had a total of partner distributors 2, 811 Focus on Excellent Quality46 47 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe Smart Manufacturing ModelIntelligent EcologyFeihe is advancing its digital transformation by implementing the 3 2 2 16 digital development strategy. This strategy focuses on leveraging the business middle office and information middle office to facilitate vertical and horizontal integration among diverse systems, thereby encompassing the entire business process with big data and algorithm applications. This transformation marks a shift in the supply chain system from business support to data intelligence, thus fostering the advancement of information technologies and management based on data intelligence. Through a unified interface (such as OPC 19 UA20 and according to the transmission protocol (such as industrial Ethernet transmission protocol), we connect to the automation control system. Industrial equipment layer Through equipment monitoring and control systems (e. g. SCADA21 HMI22, etc.), we realized functions such as data acquisition, equipment control, measurement, parameter regulation and various types of signal alarms. For example, SCADA is a computer-based automatic control system and automatic monitoring system that monitors and controls the network of operating equipment on site. Automation control layer With a remarkable intelligent supply chain and world-class manufacturing capabilities, Feihe has garnered recognition from both domestic and international authorities. Additionally, Feihe attained the highest-level certification as one of the pioneering 3-star enterprises in digital transformation maturity nationwide, underscoring its exceptional accomplishments in the concerted advancement of digitalization and green initiatives. This consists of production execution systems such as MES, LIMS23 and WMS24 that meet different industrial requirements and are responsible for tasks acquisition and assignment, and process execution. In this process, it is necessary to request the various parameters, variables, states, and data required from systems or industrial equipment layer devices in the automation control layer to communicate with the field equipment, to realize automated data collection or even intelligent collection as well as reverse control via networks and various interfaces. Business execution layer Through the enterprise data bus, the production system works together with the Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management system (PLM), Customer Relationship Management system (CRM), and Quality Management System (QMS) to enable collaborative management of the entire production process. Operation management layer After layers of data collection, processing, storage, analysis, and utilization, it can finally provide data foundation for the business decision layer (data middle office). The business decision layer effectively integrates the existing data in the enterprise, and comprehensively displays and analyzes lean production data and smart supply chain data, which can be used to guide production and supply chain management and support enterprise business decisions. Business decision layerIn 2023, our information middle office made significant strides in data asset closed-loop management, categorizing high- frequency usage indicators, and enhancing data quality. Concurrently, the business middle office spearheaded innovation in the digital terminal product sales model, bolstered the overall capabilities of the settlement center, and improved after- sales and customer service processing capabilities, resulting in heightened service efficiency. Feihe is implementing full-process automation control in production, effectively establishing an information-based and digitalized management mode for product quality control, thereby enhancing production efficiency. Throughout the reporting period, the Company has successfully implemented MES17 in seven major factories including Kedong, Gannan, Longjiang, Qiqihar, and Harbin. This enables full-process management from raw material receiving to finished product warehousing, ensuring automated control throughout the production process. These advancements contribute to improved production efficiency and ensure the stability of product quality. The 3 2 2 strategy refers to our core capabilities in digital factory intelligent manufacturing, ERP-based business system construction, and the digitized and intelligent unified office platform. Through the business middle office and information middle office, the Company achieved vertical and horizontal integration among various systems, covering the entire business process with big data and algorithm applications. HMI Human Machine Interface a medium for interaction and information exchange between the system and users, converting information from internal form to a form that humans can accept. LIMS Laboratory Information Management System, an information management system that combines database-centric information technology with laboratory management requirements. WMS Warehouse Management System, a real-time computer software system that efficiently manages information, resources, behaviors, inventory, and distribution operations according to operational rules and algorithms, thereby improving efficiency. As of December 31, 2023, our breast milk database has amassed over 2, 300 samples and has conducted tests on over 9, 800 active components, including proteins, lipids, oligosaccharides, metabolites, ions, peptides, flavor substances, and exosomes, positioning us as leaders in terms of component variety within the industry. Simultaneously, the Company has achieved significant milestones in breast milk testing technology, developing 17 testing methods capable of detecting 579 nutritional indicators. This technological advancement provides a more precise and scientifically sound basis for the development and production of infant formula. By adhering to Feihe's methodology, breast milk testing now requires only 11. 6 milliliters of samples, significantly enhancing sample utilization efficiency compared to the industry's typical requirement of over 100 milliliters. In 2023, Feihe conducted extensive research on various aspects of breast milk, including casein phosphopeptides, flavor substances, mineral patterns, and vitamins specific to Chinese breast milk. This research culminated in the publication of 5 related SCI papers and the filing of 4 invention patents. This program aimed to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the active nutritional components found in breast milk that are associated with brain and neurodevelopmental psychology. The goal was to establish a solid foundation for the development of infant milk powder formulas tailored to meet the requirements of infant physical and brain development. In October 2023, Feihe intensified its focus on brain development and nutrition research, making it the core of its research and development innovation efforts. Leveraging scientific research platforms, the Company embarked on a brain development strategy aimed at systematically studying key nutritional components crucial for brain development. Additionally, we participated in writing and publishing the scientific review Evidence of Early Life Brain Development and Nutrition Science in the First 1, 000 Days of Life. This publication comprehensively elaborates on the scientific evidence pertaining to nutritional substances essential for brain and neural development during early life. It offers a thorough overview of the process of early life brain development, the corresponding functional milestones, and the significant influencing factors involved. Feihe initiates brain development research ProgramOur breast milk database has amassed over samples 2, 300As of December 31, 2023Feihe adheres to the recommendations of the World Health Organization and UNICEF, with a particular emphasis on advancing breast milk research. Through our independent research initiatives and thorough data analysis, we aim to gain a comprehensive understanding of the characteristics and distinctions of Chinese breast milk, providing a theoretical basis for product formulation design. Feihe conducts clinical feeding trials In 2023, we launched a clinical research project titled Feihe Cognitive Formula Stage 1 and Stage 2 Infant Formula Double- Blind, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study, which was effectively completed within the year. This study involved the recruitment of 330 volunteers to partake in feeding trials, aimed at assessing the impact of Feihe's cognitive formula infant formula, enriched with components such as phospholipids polyunsaturated fatty acids, on infant cognitive abilities. The evaluation outcomes revealed that infants in the cognitive formula group exhibited superior cognitive performance compared to those in the control group, approaching levels observed in breastfeeding scenarios. These findings offer compelling scientific evidence in support of our product development endeavors. This study involved the recruitment of volunteers to partake in feeding trials 330In 2023 25 Cross-sectional sample Refers to a sample of breastmilk collected from the same lactating mother once during the lactation period. Queue sample Refers to multiple milk samples collected from the same l actating mother during the lactation period. Our aim is to empower users to explore healthier lifestyle choices. As part of our commitment to advancing national nutritional initiatives, we actively engage in research aimed at reducing sugar, fat, and sodium, and enhancing nutrient content to minimize the need for artificial additives. Feihe develops special medical use formula foods We have completed the research and development of 10 special medical use formula foods targeting specific life cycles and physiological states where nutritional needs vary. For premature or low birth weight infants, we have strengthened the protein energy ratio, added medium-chain fatty acids, reduced the proportion of lactose in carbohydrates, and fortified vitamins A, D, iron, zinc, and polyunsaturated fatty acids. This helps premature infants maintain nutritional and metabolic balance, aiding in rapid catch-up growth. For infants with milk protein allergies, we have developed special medical use amino acid formulas to help babies quickly alleviate milk protein allergy symptoms, promote growth and development, and reduce the risk of allergies during growth. For children and adults with malnutrition, we have developed comprehensive nutritional foods, fortified with energy, protein, vitamins, minerals, and other nu - trients, to provide comprehensive nutrition needed for full recovery after illness. Vitamin World nutritional packs for men and women of different age groupsFIRMUS chewable milk powder cheeseAiben premium middle- aged and elderly formula milk powder Vitamin World offers gen- der-specific nutritional packs tailored for different age groups. Each pack contains over 40 essential nutrients carefully formulat- ed to precisely supplement the specific nutritional needs of each age group. These packs are suitable for indi- viduals who prioritize dietary nutrition, especially those with inadequate intake of vi- tamins and minerals. We have also developed the FIRMUS Children's Formula Liquid Milk, fortified with vitamins A, D, E, as well as calcium, iron, zinc, and other essential nu- trients, aiming to supplement children's daily nutrition, ensuring they receive an adequate in - take of nutrients. Aiben high-end formula milk powder focuses on low glycemic index (GI) as its core concept. The product is designed from a nutritional health perspective, adhering to the principles of 0 added sugar, 0 preservatives, 0 artificial colors, and so on. The research and developmen special medical use formula foods targeting specific life cycles 10We have completed Feihe develops various nutrient ingredient preparation technologies We independently developed and overcame the technical challenges of osteopontin (OPN) extraction, establishing a pilot line for bone bridge protein extraction, with the purity of the trial product reaching over 50. We collaborated with units such as the national alliance for dairy sci-tech innovation to jointly formulate the Determination of OPN in Infant Food and Dairy Products by High-Performance Liquid Chromatography group standard. This solved the problem of the lack of detection methods for OPN in dairy products and infant formula foods. The technology has been successfully implemented in the Feihe Super-Premium Astrobaby Zhuoyao product line. This addressed the core ingredient challenges of infant formula, including core whey powder, lactoferrin, and OPN. Feihe conducts infant and child body constitution classification research We successfully finished the Chinese Infant and Child Body Constitution Classification Research Project in 2023, in collaboration with Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. For the first time, this initiative linked traditional Chinese medicine constitutional theory with paediatric nutrition, categorizing infants and toddlers aged 0 to 3 into different constitutional types and providing tailored nutritional recommendations. This study established a theoretical framework for personalized and customized nutrition. The study resulted in two scientific research publications in SCI journals, three articles in Chinese core journals, a copyright for constitution recognition software, and two books. Scientific research publications in SCI journals 2In 2023We have applied for invention patents for this technology 12 Patents already granted 6 Deeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field54 55 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe is deeply invested in the development of organic products, offering a range of high-quality options to address nutritional needs more scientifically. For instance, our focus on researching and utilizing specialty fresh corn varieties, along with the application of specialty soybean trait enhancement technologies, has yielded significant results. This includes the development of eight new corn varieties, two sets of fresh corn cultivation technologies, three high-quality forage varieties, and other notable achievements. Additionally, we have introduced organic milk powder products such as the Super-Premium Organic Zhenzhi infant formula, Zhenzhi organic children's formula, and Organic Chunrui infant formula, all of which have received organic food certifications. This initiative aims to reduce food waste while simultaneously catering to the diverse dietary preferences of our customers. Notably, over 89 of our R&D staff hold postgraduate degrees, including 8 individuals with PhDs. Many team members have gained valuable insights from their experiences studying and working overseas. This high-caliber R&D team is integral to Feihe's efforts in technological innovation, providing a solid foundation for the Company's long-term growth. In 2023, Feihe's total investment in research amounted to RMB 0. 61billion, covering a wide spectrum of areas including basic research, product innovation R&D, resource assurance for R&D, as well as the development of infant formula products, specialty medical products, children's products, and adult nutrition products. This significant investment underscores our unwavering commitment to driving innovation and excellence across all aspects of our operations. These measures outline the management, usage, and protection of our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property. We prioritize the protection of our intellectual property rights while maintaining a zero-tolerance stance towards infringement of others' rights. Through demand research, database selection and learning, custom field setting, and system construction, we successfully integrated over 700 publicly available patents, forming over 1, 000 data tags. This initiative laid a solid foundation for the exploration and expansion of the value of patents. Innovation Capability Intellectual Property Protection Feihe's Patents in 2023Feihe places a strong emphasis on technological research and development (R&D) to enhance its independent innovation capability and drive innovative and high-quality development. Children's snack products packagingDairy products packagingVitamin World products packaging The Zhuoran Chew Milk Pow- der Cheese series adopts a unique independent mini packaging bag packaging design, ensuring freshness even after opening. Lady iron calcium rich milk powder and gold zinc rich multivitamin student milk powder are packaged in 25g specifications. Vitamin World Men's and women's Age Nutrition Packaging are composed of white cardboard outer boxes and paper-aluminum inner bags, ensuring convenient supplementation of daily required nutrients. Vitamin World x Feihe joint lactoferrin children's modulated milk powder continues to use 3g pack mini packaging, ensuring children's daily intake of lactoferrin. Obtained New Corn Varieties 8Fresh Corn Cultivation Techniques 2High Quality Forage Species 3 Deeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field56 57 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe actively promotes external cooperation, enhancing the integration of industry, academia, and research to establish a unified research platform. This approach allows us to leverage and integrate scientific research strengths, fostering an environment conducive to innovation. This initiative is designed to create an internationally leading platform for neuroscience research. Feihe brain development research exchange event Feihe conducts trademark knowledge training In December, 2023, Feihe invited a former national examiner to conduct a trademark basic knowledge training session. The training focused mainly on the basic rules of trademark examination, avoidance of prohibited trademarks, and proper use of trademarks, accompanied by case studies for analysis. Feihe Trademark knowledge training session site Feihe's commitment to technological innovation has been recognized by the China Dairy Industry Association, which honored us with the title of China Dairy Industry Technological Innovation Model Enterprise. Moreover, we were awarded the second prize for technological advancement by the association and the China National Committee of the International Dairy Federation for our project titled Application of Membrane Sterilization and Aseptic Addition Technology in Active Lactoferrin Enriched Ambient Temperature Milk. These accolades underscore Feihe's leadership in technological innovation within the dairy products industry. Leveraging the distinctive technology of Jiangnan University's academic team, Feihe has initiated the Chinese Infant Gut Microbiota Atlas Project to gain in-depth insights into the composition and functions of infant gut microbiota. The aim is to research the application of Chinese infant-derived probiotics in infant formula products. Feihe's collaboration with Shanghai Jiao Tong University Feihe leverages the stem cell research expertise of Shanghai Jiao Tong University to establish a developmental platform for organoids. By simulating human-like organs such as the infant's small intestine and brain, we conduct research on the absorption, metabolism, and nutritional effects of infant formula milk powder. This research aims to identify effective components found in breast milk, leading to the creation of formula milk powder that closely mimics the nutritional composition of breast milk. Feihe leverages the stem cell research expertise of Shanghai Jiao Tong University to establish a platform for the development of Feihe-like organs. By simulating human-like organs such as infant intestines and brains, we conduct research on the differences in absorption, metabolism, and nutritional effects of infant formula milk, discovering effective components in breast milk and creating formula milk that is closer to the composition of breast milk. Feihe and Northeast Agricultural University conducted collaboration Feihe and Northeast Agricultural University are collaborating to research key technologies in milk-based ingredient production. This collaboration aims to address the bottleneck issue of major nutritional ingredients in infant formula milk in China, including lactoferrin and whey products. During the reporting period, the Company organized a total of 11 intellectual property training sessions, with a cumulative duration of 30 hours, and attracted more than 700 participants. Through comprehensive background checks on all employees, we ensure the elimination of any form of child labor and the prevention of forced labor. In the event of any such occurrences, we take immediate and serious action in accordance with the law, and if necessary, involve judicial authorities for accountability. Our recruitment policies prioritize transparency and fairness, providing equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination based on gender, ethnicity, region, religious beliefs, or cultural background. Our aim is to cultivate a workplace environment that is harmonious and inclusive for all. Through equitable negotiation between the Company and the trade union, we have established collective contracts to safeguard employees' legal rights and foster harmonious labor relations. During the reporting period, the coverage rate of the Collective Contract of Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co., Ltd. reached 100. During the reporting period Composition of Full-time Employees in 202327 (Unit Person)The Rights and In- terests of EmployeesWe strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People's Re - public of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Pro - tection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to the place of operation Our human resources management framework encom- passes 16 comprehensive policies and measures that address employee relations, recruitment, training, per- formance evaluation, remuneration, and benefits. These policies and measures are designed to ensure the full protection of our employees' legal rights and interests. Employees by gender Male employees Female employees2, 948 3, 863 6, 811 Full-time employees Part-time employeesEmployees by type Turnover of employees in the Chinese mainlandTurnover of employees aged below 30Turnover of employees aged 30 - 50Turnover of employees aged above 50Turnover of male employeesTurnover of female employees Employees overseas Employees in Hong Kong Employees holding master's degree or above Employees holding bachelor's degree Employees holding associate degree Employees holding a high school diploma or below Employees in Chinese mainland Turnover by gender 22. 44 21. 88 35. 79 15. 26 13. 10 22. 20 Turnover by age Turnover by regionTurnover Rate in 2023 (Unit ) Employees aged below 30 Employees aged 30 - 50 Employees aged above 504, 324168 2, 319Employees by age Employees by region 2, 9931, 281 2, 307230Employees by edu-cation background Improving Employee Welfare61 Total employees 7, 165 person6, 811350 4 The coverage rate of the Collective Contract of Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co., Ltd. reached 100 27 The number of employees by gender, employment type, age and education does not include the number of overseas and Hong Kong employees of Feihe. In 2023, we conducted in-depth analyses of talent profiles and market dynamics, aligning our recruitment efforts with evolving business needs. We vigorously pursued talent acquisition activities, successfully onboarding 65 key position talents and 10 mid-to-high-end talents. Our recruitment processes incorporate stringent and professional screening standards to support the Company's digital development strategy. Emphasis is placed not only on candidates' qualifications but also on their alignment with Feihe's organizational culture, ensuring a seamless fit and long-term contribution to our digital transformation endeavors. Additionally, we actively participated in campus recruitment activities, tailoring our approach to match job requirements with the strengths of different universities. Utilizing comprehensive assessment methods such as evaluations, structured interviews, leaderless group discussions, and case analyses, we aim to enhance assessment accuracy and ensure optimal alignment between campus recruits and the Company's needs. In 2023, Feihe conducted campus recruitment activities, precisely matching needs with universities. Through seminars, job fairs, and other forms, we visited universities such as China Agricultural University, Northeast Agricultural University, and University of International Business and Economics, attracting student attention and receiving resumes. During the reporting period, Feihe hired 140 recent graduates through campus recruitment. Our approach involves implementing a dif- ferentiated compensation structure tailored to employees' job roles within our comprehensive compensation and performance management sys - tem. This includes clearly delineating the proportions of fixed and varia- ble income components. Through a dynamic and periodic performance evaluation system, we closely tie employee compensation to performance outcomes to enhance work motivation. Every year, we conduct industry salary surveys to gauge the compensation levels for various positions in the industry, ensuring that our employee compensation remains competi - tive externally. Our performance management practices are intricately linked with annual strategic goals, ensuring alignment between departmental and individ- ual objectives with the Company's overarching strategic objectives. This approach not only effectively motivates internal dynamics within the organization but also facilitates continuous improvement in employees' personal abilities and qualities. Ultimately, it provides robust talent support for Feihe's long-term development. Remuneration and PerformanceEmployee Develop - mentFeihe prioritizes the career development needs of our employees and consistently enhances our remuneration and performance system to nurture talent pipelines. Performance EvaluationOrganizational performance assessment is conducted on a quarterly basis using a combined approach of evaluation plus assessment. The primary focus is on performance goal assessment, supplemented by evaluating the per - formance of responsibilities not covered by core indicators, and contributions beyond duties (such as the completion of significant projects). Results ApplicationThe performance results are refected in the current remunera-tion, as well as value allocation considerations, including medium and long-term stock incen - tives, grade adjustment, remuneration adjustment, training, merit evaluation, etc. Comprehensive examination Internal referralRefusal of employee's relatives Internal priority Suitable jobsEqual opportunity Fair competition and recruit on a selective basisFeihe's Seven Principles in talent recruitment Improving Employee Welfare64 65 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe performance assessment system Corporate StrategyStrategy BreakdownStrategy Breakdown Objective SupportObjective SupportOrganizational Performance ManagemenIndividual Performance Management Corporate Mission Vision Corporate Strategic Objectives Sub Strategy 1Sub Strategy 2Sub Strategy 3Process Manage- ment Perfor- mance Evalua- tionobjective Manage- ment Results Applica - tionObjective Management Performance EvaluationProcess Management Results Application In 2023, in our ongoing effort to boost employee enthusiasm and creativity, we embraced the principle of sharing, creating together, sharing responsibilities, and achieving mutual success. We revamped our income distribution mechanism by introducing a Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) plan. This long-term incentive tool is designed to benefit employees at various levels and positions within the Company. Feihe's employee incentive system Incentives Material incentive Cash Wage Performance Bonus Long-term incentive OthersGrowth, achievement and signifcanceSense of belonging, honor, and recognitionNon-cashSpiritual motivationTo uphold fairness, impartiality, and transparency within our internal competitive framework, Feihe has implemented a promotion mechanism grounded in qualification standards. At the same time, we have refined the evaluation criteria for qualification at each level, placing significant emphasis on pressure response, value contribution, and developability when assessing candidates for promotion. During the reporting period, we promoted 31 people to the manager level and above. of middle-level managers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 24 of business department managers and above were newly promoted. Valuing performance and output Comprehensively evaluate the personnel structure at all levels of departments and adjust the proportion of outsiders and internal talents according to the structure and business needs. Promoting internal talents and outsiders Encourage the adoption of a zigzag growth path, which involves vertical development leading to horizontal development before returning to vertical development, gradually achieving promotion after job rotation. Job transfer through promotion Comprehensively assess employees' performance and ability on the basic job qualification and promote and demote them. Promotion and demotion In principle, employees are promoted in sequential order. However, employees making contributions or possessing excellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings. In addition, we offer employees more accessible and efficient learning opportunities and resources through the online training platform Shining Star Feihe Academy. This platform provides personalized learning plans and recommendations tailored to employees at different hierarchical levels, granting access to over 1, 400 internal knowledge courses and over 1, 700 external knowledge courses. Employee Training Feihe 3 2 4 employee training system Three-tier Leadership Devel- opment System Management and control A goal Two roles Brand-building Employee development advisor For Management Level-1 trainingFor Professionals General skillsBusiness partner Three-stage, Two-tier Profes- sional Development System Tailored for senior, mid-level, and frontline managers, this system operates across three stages - succession planning, incumbent leadership, and new leadership. It aims to cul- tivate talents in business man- agement for the enterprise. It includes company-level and depart- ment-level components to devel- op professional technical talents for the enterprise. Establishing a training guality control and e ect assessment mechanism andap- plying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmo- sphere with the help of new mediaOnline learning resources; online training managementSupport Constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing- competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsTwo-level manage- ment Four guaranteeThree skills improvedPool talents sharing the samevision at all levels, and build a powerful organization In-house experi- ence sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer' straining Platform construction Selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesThe system standardises thelearn- ing, and the process upgrades e ciencySystem and process Enriching resources In 2023, the Company conducted targeted training related to professional capabilities based on the systematic division of three major work areas. The training programs and performance are as follows Management training The Man- agement Training Program (MTP) was conducted for a total of 12 sessions with 480 participants; Quarterly themed trainings on Secrets of Growth and Lean Practices for Production Manag - ers were conducted, with a total of 150 participants. Management training Eight courses were held with 303 par - ticipants. Professional training In total of 11 offline marketing professional trainings were conducted, with 713 participants, and 7 online live courses were held with 4, 974 participants, achieving a course completion rate of 96. 38. Young Talent Pipeline Train- ing Covered 25 reserve per- sonnel in the talent pool, with a total of 313 learning hours com- pleted. FBIF Innovation Food Forum event Managers learn a scientifically effective management lan- guage and method tool sys- tem Achieve team growth together Promotes managers to design organizations from a customer- centric perspective Scene from FBIF Innovation Food Forum event Improving Employee Welfare68 69 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In March 2023, to effectively consolidate organizational wisdom and promote efficient collaborative information sharing, Feihe conducted the Fresh Harvest of Active Nutritional Knowledge live online course. The lecture covered departments such as production, marketing, and func - tions, with over 1, 500 participants. Training scene for Feihe's Great Experience and Insights' Training scene for From Service to Enjoyment - Achieving Win-Win In 2023, Feihe launched several talent reserve projects, including the Youth Talent Pool, the Elite Regional Manager Training Camp for the Marketing System, the Talent Pool for Production System Managers Deputy Managers, and the Gold Bull Project for the Livestock System. These initiatives are geared towards enhancing practical work capabilities by assigning challenging tasks such as project implementation and job rotations to participants. Feihe also actively monitors talent performance, key performance contributions, and other indicators to facilitate rapid growth and strengthen our talent reserve. Functional Young Talent Pool Expansion Team Building ProjectTalent Pool Project Management Practical Methods Training Production MTP Management Efficiency Improvement Project Closing Ceremony Training for Full-time Employees in 202329 Training Percentage ( ) Average Training Hours per Employee Employee rained by gender Male 100 53. 10 Female 100 53. 10 Employee rained by type Senior management 100 25. 60 Middle management 100 75. 60 Engry-level employee 100 58. 20In 2023 Employees in Feihe received a total of training opportunities 6, 811 person Training coverage 100 Were trained for in total 361, 664 hours On average 53 hours 29 Employee training data does not include training data for overseas and Hon g Kong employees of Feihe. In 2023, we updated management measures such as the Environmental Protection, Health and Safety Incident Accident Reporting and Investigation Procedures, the Risk Identification, Risk Assessment, and Control Measures Determination Proce - dures, and the Temporary High-Risk Operation Management System. These updates enhanced safety incident risk assessment methods and temporary high-risk work management processes. Additionally, we implemented new management measures such as the Labor Protection Articles Management System. We have also intensified safety manage- ment responsibilities and awareness among all employees by requiring annual safety responsibility agreements to be signed by all staff. During the reporting period, six of our eight factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification, and we invested RMB 3. 3736 million in safety production. The lost time injury rate per million work hours (LTIFr) was calculated at 0. 66, and no fatal accidents occurred. Additionally, all employees in positions with potential occupational hazards underwent occupational health examinations, achieving a 100 coverage rate. Safety Management System Indicator Target Value Actual Achievement Serious injury and fatality rate 0 0 Safety education coverage rate 100 100 Safety hazard rectification rate 100 100 LTIFr301. 1 0. 66 Timely pre-post-employment and post-employment health examination rate 100 100 Occupational disease suspected occupational disease detection 0 0 Occupational Health at Feihe31 Indicator Unit 2021 2022 2023 Number of work-related fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 Number of working days lost due to work-related injury Day 646 64 356. 5Health and SafetyFeihe regards health and safety as a top priority in business management. During the reporting period Factories obtained ISO 45001 occu- pational health and safety certification 6 Invested RMB in safety production 3. 3736 million In 2023, Feihe successfully achieved the following safety and health management goals as planned Based on the ISO Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) method and in compliance with national laws and regulations concerning occupational health and safety, Feihe has established a robust dual prevention mechanism. This mechanism encompasses risk grading and control, as well as hidden danger investigation and management practices. This system includes daily safety patrols, weekly on-site inspections conducted by departments, and monthly factory-level inspections led by the plant manager. Additionally, prior to each extended holiday period, we conduct comprehensive safety risk assessments covering various aspects such as the utilization of personal protective equipment, fire safety, and temporary electrical safety. In accordance with national laws and regulations and industry standards, Feihe has established the Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards, the Feihe Dairy Safe and Civilized Construction Management Measures, and other internal management standards. Prior to high-risk operations, we conduct advance risk predictions and verify on-site operational norms to minimize production risks and safeguard employee safety. Adopting a proactive management approach, we conduct annual risk identification and assessments. Over 150 employees participate in this activity annually. For extreme weather conditions, we issue alerts to remind employees to prioritize travel safety, arrange work schedules sensibly, and make necessary preparations. During the reporting period, the coverage rate of annual employee physical examinations reached 100. Dual Prevention Mechanism Workplace Safety Management During the reporting period The coverage rate of annual employee physical examinations reached 100 30 LTIFr Lost time injury frequency rate. Fire Control Day Activities Occupational health-related data does not include data on Feihe employees in overseas and Hong Kong regions. In 2023, the average safety training hours per employee at Feihe totaled eight hours, with a safety training coverage rate of 100. Enhancing Safety Awareness The average safety training hours per employee at Feihe totaled 8 hours With a safety training coverage rate of 100 In 2023Safety Month Activities Emergency DrillOccupational Health Week Activities Improving Employee Welfare74 75 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe established the Love Foundation in 2003 and organizes warmth-giving activities annually to care for and assist employees facing economic difficulties, such as those with a per capita income below the local minimum remuneration level, immediate family members suffering from serious illnesses, or those affected by major disasters. In 2023, Feihe assisted a total of 6 families of employees in need, providing them with consolation funds totaling over RMB 200, 000. As of December 31, 2023, Feihe has assisted over 500 employees, disbursing over RMB 15 million in gift consolation funds. Feihe organizes various employee care activities imbued with corporate characteristics, actively fostering a warm and harmonious working environment. For female employees, Feihe has established Baby Care Rooms in the office area for their use. Additionally, every year on International Women's Day (March 8), Feihe organizes themed activities to care for the physical and mental health of female employees. In 2023, we held the Marching Together, Embracing Spring themed Women's Day event, with interactive activities both online and offline, offering exquisite and abundant prizes to show care and joy to female employees. Over 1, 200 people participated in the event. Caring for Employees Feihe Mid-Autumn Festival Event Feihe Movie Night Feihe Sports Competition Marching Together, Embracing Spring themed Women's Day eventCaring for EmployeesFeihe prioritizes the well-being of its employees, actively organizing a diverse range of enriching activities and providing effective assistance to employees in need, demonstrating its commitment to corporate humanitarian care. Additionally, the Company maintains open communication channels with its employees, ensuring timely responsiveness to their voices and enhancing their sense of identification and belonging with Feihe. An open and effective communication mechanism serves as the foundation for ensuring employees' equal participation in decision-making and management processes. Feihe is dedicated to facilitating internal information flow, ensuring employees' rights to know, participate, express, and supervise, thereby enhancing their cohesion and sense of belonging. Upon receiving feedback, we conduct prompt situation assessments and provide initial responses within 24 hours, with final responses for complex issues delivered within 3 days. During the reporting period, we successfully resolved feedback from 21 employees. In 2023, we regularly convened company-wide staff meetings to review completed work, plan the direction of future projects, and commend outstanding teams and employees. Additionally, for systems and management methods affecting employee interests, we organized periodic meetings to gather feedback from employee representatives. The average satisfaction score was 4. 3 out of 5 points, indicating positive organizational culture and employee engagement levels. The assessment results indicated positive organizational culture and employee engagement levels. Furthermore, the survey highlighted areas for improvement in Recognition and Praise in the Past 7 Days. In response, we conducted an Effective Motivation course to enhance managers' awareness and skills in motivating employees. Employee EngagementNon-monetary Benefits for Feihe Employees Love Foundation Major illness assistance Charity support Holiday gifts, welfare products for internal purchaseWeight loss competition Annual comprehensive health check-upPension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, occupational injury insurance, maternity insurance, Commercial insurance Housing provident fundWelfare and CareHealth AssuranceInsurance coveragePre-employment health check Onboarding trainingHoliday events and themed activities Sports competitions Movie screeningsMaternity leave, paternity leave, etc. Baby care room Maternity formula welfareOnboarding CareEnriched LifeMaternity Support Employee Feedback Resolution Rate 100 During the reporting period 32 Gallup Q12 assessment method is designed to measure employee engagement and work environment as leading indicators, reflecting indicators such as employee retention, profitability, efficiency, and customer satisfaction. Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People's Republic of China. After adjustment, we traced and updated some of the data for 2021 and 2022. 3. Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption GB T 2589-2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages, and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission. Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Notes on the statistical method In 2023, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from eight factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co., Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, Tailai Factory, Shanxi Factory and Harbin Factory, with Harbin Factory being the newly added statistical unit. Due to the expansion of the statistical scope, some data showed a certain year-on-year increase. Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficient and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (For Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environment Protection of the PRC. Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including coal, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages, and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels combustion and emissions from wastewater treatment and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Regulatory agencies are con - tinually refining carbon emission management mechanisms and is- suing relevant policies, which place higher demands on the accuracy of environmental data disclosure reported by enterprises. Market risk With the widespread adoption of sustainable development con- cepts, customers and consumers are increasingly inclined to invest in enterprises that practice environ- mental protection and choose green, low-carbon products. Tech- nology risk Transitioning to a low-emission, high-efficiency economic system through technological improve - ments or innovations may lead to a gradual decline in production efficiency within the reporting pe - riod for enterprises. Climate ChangeFeihe recognizes the extensive impact of climate change on business operations and has systematically conducted climate change risk identification and response efforts. We are dedi- cated to collaborating with the entire industry chain to reduce carbon emissions and contribute to the national goals of peaking carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and achieving carbon neutral- ity by 2060, thereby contributing to the dairy industry's endeav- ors. Feihe focuses on addressing climate risks in two main aspects transformation risks and physical risks encountered in its operations. Feihe has completed initial identification and response efforts for climate risks and intends to further evaluate the impact of these risks in the next phase, integrating response measures into a systematic plan. Climate Change Risk Identification and Response Physical riskAcute physical risk Extreme weather conditions such as typhoons, floods, and heavy rainfall threaten the water environment, stimulate cows, damage production equipment, disrupt production processes, and impact various stages of production manufacturing. Chronic physical risk Global climate warming affects the product quality of fresh milk products, posing potential food safety risks. Indicators and Goals In addition, Feihe has formulated goals related to carbon neutrality, aiming to achieve Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 carbon neutrality by 2050. Feihe's Climate Risk Response Goals and MeasuresReduce greenhouse gas emissions Enhance natural disaster response Advance sustainabilityPromote clean energy sources, improve energy efficiency, and effectively reduce emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. Feihe's emission reduction targets at various stages Stage 1 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions ab- solute emissions reduced by over 10 (based on 2021 baseline year)Stage 2 Scope 1 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 30 (based on the 2021 baseline year) Scope 2 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 50 (based on the 2021 baseline year) Scope 3 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 15 (based on the 2021 baseline year)Stage 3 Achieve carbon neutrality in Scope 1, 2, and 3 202520302050 Scope 3 Ensure 100 green procurement of raw materials in Scope 3, and implement green management in production, logistics, recycling, and other processes Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions ab- solute emissions reduced by over 25 (based on 2021 baseline year) Building a Low-Carbon Future84 85 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe strictly comply with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment and other laws and regulations. In 2023, Feihe updated and revised the Procedures for Reporting, and Investigation of Environment Protection, Health and Safety Accidents, and the Risk Identification, Risk Assessment, and Control Measures Determination Procedure, further enhancing environmental management compliance for relevant stakeholders. Feihe is firmly committed to upholding environmental management systems. Each year, we diligently enhance our environmental management system following the ISO 14001 environmental management model (PDCA). With a focus on our production processes, we regularly update and assess the significant environmental factors impacting each of our factories. This meticulous approach allows us to refine our environmental risk control measures and emergency plans continuously, ensuring a high standard of scientific and systematic management across all aspects of our EHS operations. As of December 31, 2023, 6 out of Feihe's 8 operational factories have obtained ISO 14001 environmental management system certification, while another factory has passed the external audit and is awaiting certificate issuance. Additionally, the Kedong Factory and Jilin Factory were newly recognized as national-level green factories within the current year. Feihe conducts an annual carbon emission audit in accordance with ISO 14067 Greenhouse gases - Carbon footprint of products - Requirements and guidelines. This process involves inspecting, calculating, and verifying carbon emission data for each manufacturing facility to produce greenhouse gas emission reports. Feihe's Application for Green Factory Certification National Green Factory Certification Kedong Factory, Jilin Factory Provincial Green Factory Certification Gannan FactoryEnvironment Protection System Certificate of Carbon Footprint for Feihe Milk Powder Zhuo Rui Stage 3 Feihe maintains a vigilant watch over the environmental impact of its manufacturing processes, project developments, and day-to-day operations. Utilizing a scientifically rigorous scoring methodology, we analyze environmental impacts, considering eight key aspects such as water, air, natural resources, and waste. In 2023, our total investment in environmental protection amounted to RMB 3. 5368 million, and we incurred no penalties for environmental infractions. Total investment in environmental protection amounted to RMB 3. 5368 million Feihe Environmental Management Objectives Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of output by 3 annuallyEmission Management Reduce hazardous waste per unit of output by 2 annually Achieve a recycling rate of over 80 for non-hazardous wasteWaste Management Attain a water reuse rate of 20 for production waterWater Efficiency ManagementDecrease energy consumption per 10, 000 yuan of output by 1. 5 annuallyEnergy Use ManagementFeihe continues to optimize its environmental management system and advance institutional construction. This ensures the practical im- plementation of environmental protection efforts. We are committed to gradually phasing out outdated equipment and processes that consume excessive energy and emit pollutants. Feihe actively promotes the adoption of clean energy and environmentally friendly equipment. Our approach includes extensive utilization of recyclable packaging materials and the promotion of refined resource and energy management practices. Through these efforts, we effectively implement energy conservation measures. Achievements of New Energy Applications in Feihe Factories in 2023 Tailai Factory generated a total of 1, 932. 87 MWh of electricity using solar photovoltaic. Approximately 2 MWh of electricity are saved daily, resulting in a total annual reduction of about 1, 500 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions. Kedong Factory utilized 5. 3169 million cubic meters of biomass biogas. Gannan Factory utilized 0. 3464 million cubic meters of biomass biogas. The total annual reduction in carbon dioxide emissions amounted to about 11, 116. 80 tonnes. Solar Photovoltaic Biomass Biogas Utilization of Energy Resources in Feihe's Production Processes in 2023 Recovery of condensate water produced by boilers, which is then used for steam generation after heat deoxygenation, resulting in water and heat energy savings. Recovery of 2nd and 3rd effect condensate water, treated through membrane processes, used for refrigeration and boiler replenishment, with daily water savings of nearly hundreds of tonnes. Recovery of residual heat from boiler flue gas for heating and boiler replenishment, expected to achieve a one-time temperature recovery of 20 C, resulting in an annual natural gas saving of 220, 400 cubic meters and operational cost savings of RMB 771, 400 per year. Steam condensate water Process condensate water Boiler flue gas heat Dry tower environment air heat Feihe's headquarters and its various factories continuously enhance management regulations concerning the consumption of resources such as water, electricity, natural gas, and gasoline. Utilizing specialized statistical ledgers and on-site management models, we implement scientific and meticulous resource utilization management. Additionally, through an assessment mechanism linking energy usage with departmental performance, every employee is incentivized to participate in energy conservation and emission reduction initiatives. This approach effectively eliminates all forms of energy wastage, leaks, and inefficiencies while implementing measures for water and electricity conservation. In early 2023, Feihe formulated an annual energy-saving and emission- reduction plan based on annual production planning and a review of past energy consumption losses. By the end of 2023, various factories had established a total of 25 special teams. These teams collectively achieved impressive results, including a reduction of 1, 236. 2 MWh in electricity consumption, savings of 75, 030 tonnes of water, and a decrease in natural gas usage by 413, 868 cubic meters. Notably, the Gannan Factory's tonne powder electricity consumption reduction team alone reduced power consumption by 1, 044 MWh, equivalent to a reduction of 811. 08 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions. In 2023, the Harbin Factory implemented the factory within factory model for procuring packaging materials, following the successful experiences of factories such as Gannan, Longjiang, Kedong, and Tailai. The Harbin factory collaborated with suppliers like COFCO and APTAR to set up packaging material production lines within the factory premises, thereby greatly reducing the transportation distance of packaging materials. In 2023, the Harbin Factory accumulated savings of 11, 425 kilometers in transportation distance, resulting in a reduction of approximately 9. 06 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from transportation vehicles. Various factories had established a total of special teams 25 Reduction in electricity consumption 1, 236. 2 MWhSavings of 75, 030 tonnes Decrease in natural gas usage by 413, 868 cubic metersBy the end of 2023 Harbin Factory adopts factory within factory model to sig- nificantly reduce carbon emissions from transportation Building a Low-Carbon Future88 89 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe strictly abides by the Water Law of the People's Republic of China and consistently strengthens water conservation management across all stages of water sourcing, extraction, and utilization in production units. In our daily operations, we actively implement measures such as multiple uses, water recycling, and process adjustments to continually reduce water consumption per unit and enhance overall water resource efficiency. In 2023, Feihe's various factories vigorously implemented water-saving measures, with most factories establishing dedicated teams focused on reducing water consumption per tonne of product. Water Resources Management Highlights in Water Conservation Measures of Feihe's Factories Kedong Factory Tailai Factory Longjiang Factory Implemented improvements in cooling machine and air compressor cooling tower replenishment, by cutting off and sealing the outdoor cooling tower replenishment pipelines. In 2023, Feihe's Longjiang Factory implemented a series of measures to carry out water conservation projects. The factory upgraded facilities such as energy gas furnace sensors, pretreatment RO33 water pipelines, and softening water pipelines. They adjusted the pretreatment CIP34 parameters and evaporator acid cleaning flow rate and utilized first-stage concentrate water for cooling tower replenishment, achieving a comprehensive daily water savings of 173. 45 tonnes. Since the initiation of the water conservation project, Longjiang Factory has saved a total of 37, 291 tonnes of water during the reporting period. Significant progress in water conservation at Longjiang Factory Feihe maintains strict control over the construction vehicles employed in our project engineering endeavors, ensuring compliance with emission standards through rigorous tail gas testing and qualification certificate acquisition. We prioritize the adoption of electric-powered vehicles whenever feasible, aiming to curb automotive exhaust emissions at the source. Furthermore, our commitment extends to the regular maintenance and repair of construction equipment, such as cranes, and transport vehicles like concrete mixer trucks, to mitigate additional exhaust gas and particulate matter emissions resulting from overload work. Vehicle Management Feihe emphasizes the environmental benefits associated with product packaging within the social context. This approach enhances the utilization rate of packaging materials and minimizes packaging waste. Additionally, we prioritize the use of recyclable materials for primary packaging materials used on our production lines. In 2023, 96 of the packaging materials utilized in Feihe's production were recyclable. Packaging Recycling Feihe's Highlights of Optimizing Packaging Material Usage in 2023 Lightweighting of E-commerce packaging Non-dry adhesive label replacement Exploration of recyclable logistics box applicationClassified express paper boxes by specifications, reducing the thickness of small-sized boxes from 5 layers of corrugated paper to 3 layers. Utilized laser coding technology to print consumer QR codes on easy-to- tear milk powder can covers, reducing the thickness of double-layer non- dry adhesive labels used for printing QR codes to a single layer. RO Reverse Osmosis, which refers to a membrane filtration reverse osmosis water treatment system. Furthermore, Feihe installs energy-saving signage in office locations, implements a duty management system to monitor office electricity usage, and integrates energy-saving components into morning meetings and other events. These efforts actively cultivate a green mindset and office habits among employees. Feihe is dedicated to creating an environmentally responsible firm that values both practice and ideology. The Company's headquarters and various factories actively responded and combined local conditions, demonstrating subjective initiative by conducting environmental day activities in diverse forms such as environmental theme training, knowledge competitions, and more. In 2023, Feihe conducted a total of 14 sub-events during the environmental day series, involving 631 employees. Each of our factories is equipped with independent sewage treatment plants, connected to municipal sewage pipelines. In 2023, Feihe achieved a significant reduction of 28. 71 tonnes in Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD). We have implemented internal management systems such as the Solid Waste Discharge Procedure Document, following the prevention and control principles of reduction, recycling, and harmlessness. Our commitment ensures effective management of various types of waste in full compliance with regulations. Feihe establishes classified garbage collection bins and recycling procedures to appropriately handle general solid waste generated during production operations. Feihe places particular emphasis on the management of hazardous waste. This is achieved through the continuous improvement of manufacturing processes and the adoption of innovative technologies. Our unwavering commitment guarantees that all emissions are properly handled. The hazardous waste storehouse custodian of the storage and transportation supply department will sort and place the hazardous waste according to the labels, fill in the Hazardous Waste Entry and Exit Ledger before storing the waste. The EHS department conducts monthly on-site inspections of the ledger with the custodian of the hazardous waste depot of the storage and supply department to update the company-level hazardous waste list. Once the amount of recycled waste reaches a certain level, it is uniformly sent to the storage and transportation department's hazardous waste storage room. When the storage of hazardous waste reaches 80 of the storage capacity of the depot, the depot custodian submits the Hazardous Waste Transfer Plan Form to the EHS department and applies for hazardous waste transfer treatment. The EHS department will entrust a qualified third-party company to transport and dispose of the hazardous waste after the local environment protection bureau handles the hazardous waste disposal forms, and the solid waste will be treated harmlessly on a regular basis. Feihe strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment and complies with regional atmospheric emission standards. We have installed online monitoring equipment for gas boilers with a capacity of 20 tonnes or more, enabling automated sampling, analysis, and data upload to identify and control various waste gases emitted during production processes. This ongoing effort is aimed at bolstering our atmospheric pollution management practices company-wide. These monitoring reports provide unbiased and objective oversight of our waste gas emission practices. In 2023, Feihe maintained a clean record with no violations of emission standards. Waste Gas Management Feihe employs a comprehensive approach to managing dust control throughout its construction projects. Our dedicated site security personnel inspect anti-pollution coverings and ensure the cleanliness of construction vehicles, particularly those transporting soil, to prevent incidents of environmental pollution such as carrying mud onto roads. Through these proactive measures, Feihe minimizes the impact of dust in all construction areas, safeguarding the ecological environment beyond the con- struction scope. Dust ManagementFeihe is committed to effectively managing noise generated during construction and production activities to minimize its impact on the environment. We prioritize the use of low-noise construction equipment and incorporate noise reduction features into machinery whenever possible. In addition, we implement a dual-control approach, managing both the location and timing of construction operations with significant noise emissions. Our aim is to conduct noisy production activities within designated areas within our facil - ities to mitigate disturbances to the surrounding environment. In cases where continuous or nighttime operations are necessary, we implement pre-approved noise reduction measures and engage in proactive communication and coordination with local communities to maintain environ- mental harmony. Noise Management Fulfilling Social Responsibility94 95 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Fulfilling Social Responsibility06Feihe upholds its dedication to social responsibility by extending these principles to our suppliers. We prioritize the enhancement of supplier ESG management practices, ensuring that our supply chain operates in alignment with our values. Responsible Procurement Health Care Charity Activities Fulfilling Social Responsibility96 97 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe has developed and continuously improved supplier management systems such as the Potential Supplier Management Process, the Basic Agreement Signing Process, and Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement. Responsible Procurement The Whole Process of Supplier Management The whole process of supplier management By the end of 2023, Feihe had a total of 162 suppliers, with 122 suppliers based in mainland China. We prioritize the strengthening of risk assessment and management processes for our suppliers while fostering improved communication and cooperation with them. Our aim is to cultivate a sustainable supply chain. Total of suppliers 162By the end of 2023Supplier WithdrawalAccording to the Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement System, Feihe incorporates a positive incentive mechanism for suppliers demonstrating good performance. Suppliers in need of improvement are encouraged to make necessary changes, with the possibility of initiating meetings and providing supervision and support as required. Subsequently, a dedicated supplier withdrawal team will be established to develop a phased-out plan following a comprehensive evaluation process. Supplier GradingFeihe has developed the Supplier Grading Management Process, which encompasses the establishment of supplier grading standards. We classify existing suppliers in our supplier list into three main categories strategic, core, and general suppliers. Each category receives differentiated management and guidance tailored to their respective importance and contribution to our operations. Monthly performance indicators encompass quality, delivery, and service metrics, while the annual assessment includes four components regular monthly performance, problem resolution (closure and reevaluation of issues), special audits (routine inspections, spot checks), and positive negative incident evaluations. Supplier AccessFeihe has implemented the Potential Supplier Management Process, which mandates suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements. Our approach involves conducting comprehensive surveys and analyses of potential suppliers, utilizing preliminary supplier questionnaires to assess factors such as reputation, supply risk, and willingness to cooperate. Overseas supplier 40Suppliers from the Chinese mainland 122Distribution of Feihe's suppliers in 2023 Ensuring a stable supply chain is one of Feihe's key focuses in supplier management. Supplier Risk Management Feihe Supplier Risk Management Measures Management approachManagement action Optimize supplier layout Adjust supply models in a timely manner to diversify and mitigate risks based on changes in the dairy product supply-demand market and international economic and political situations. Hydrolyzed egg yolk powder and OPO have been domestically produced and fully meet product requirements. Supplier resource integration Deeply participate in the operation and integration of upstream resources to optimize supply and increase profits. Supplier risk assessment Conduct annual supplier risk identification and assessment, including environmental risks, labor health and safety risks, and ethical risks. Supplier audit Establish a dedicated team to conduct supplier audits covering raw material quality, factory management, etc. Audit formats include field inspections, on-site visits, regular audits, etc. Supplier compliance management In 2023, the Company conducted 2 procurement compliance audits, covering procurement matters, bidding and quotation procedures, contract signing, acceptance, and payment, etc. Fulfilling Social Responsibility98 99 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Main topics in the Supplier Code of Conduct Feihe places great importance on com- munication and training with our suppliers, conducting ongoing multi-level engag-ement through various activities, including high-level mutual visits and business exchanges. These interactions encompass discussions on topics such as product quality enhancement, supply chain mana-gement optimization, and ESG factory construction. Supplier communication and trainingFeihe is committed to strengthening supplier ESG management through various measures, including guidelines, regulations, and cooperative efforts. Additionally, the establishment of the Green Supply Chain Management Regulations further reinforces our commitment to sustainability, requiring suppliers to comply with standards related to sustainable cooperation, raw material production, data information transparency, recall management, and more. Feihe has integrated ESG management content into procurement management procedures, supplier management procedures, and other procurement process documentation, ensuring that sustainability considerations are embedded throughout our operations. Supplier ESG Management Environment Health and Safety Occupational disease prevention Safe and healthy working environmentLabor Rights Anti- discrimination Human rights guarantees Eliminate child labor Prohibit forced laborBusiness Ethics Anti-corruption Anti-unfair competition Anti-commercial bribery Gifts and hospitalityFeihe continues to focus on the needs of various social groups and actively leverages its influence with the belief of lighting up happiness with love. One of the highlights was the performance by the Tianjin Little Dolphin Hearing Disabled Children's Choir, who sang the parent-child duet Wake Up Your Ears, allowing the public to witness the miraculous life of these little dolphins stepping out of the silent world, thereby promoting social attention and support. On that day, the program's online viewership exceeded 100 million, making it the top-rated program on Hunan Television & Mango TV and ranking first on the variety influence chart. This contribution received high recognition and strong support from the Shigatse Municipal Committee and Government. During the event, Wang Dongyue, Executive Deputy Secretary of the Sangzhuzi District Committee and Executive Deputy District Chief of the Government, presented Feihe with the Compassionate Enterprise honorary plaque. Feihe donates milk powder to Shigatse District, Tibet In December 2023, we learned about Xinyu Charity Home in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, which provides free food and accommodation to impoverished families visiting for medical treatment. This charitable initiative garnered enthusiastic responses, with over 100, 000 netizens applauding Feihe's goodwill gesture. Donates supplies to Xinyu Charity Home with over netizens applauding Feihe's goodwill gesture 100, 000 Charitable initiative garnered enthusiastic responses 2023 12 10 Feihe Cares for Veterans Action Feihe has established public welfare institutions such as the Feihe Dairy Retired Military Personnel Service Center and the Feihe Dairy Retired Military Personnel Volunteer Service Corps to provide social care for veterans. In recent years, Feihe has successfully placed over 2, 000 retired military personnel (and their dependents), earning multiple honors including the Advanced Unit for Service Guarantee for Retired Military Personnel, National Cooperative Enterprise for the Employment of Retired Military Personnel awarded by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs and the Political Work Department of People's Republic of China Central Military Commission. Heilongjiang honorary veterans rehabilitation hospital donation ceremony Comforting scene for retired veteransCompliance with environmental laws and regulations Environmental management Resource conservation Waste management Fulfilling Social Responsibility100 101 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In response to significant natural disasters, Feihe has consistently demonstrated its commitment to social responsibility by developing comprehensive disaster emergency plans and promptly engaging in disaster relief efforts. Flood ReliefCharity ActivitiesFeihe adheres to the philanthropic philosophy of Doing one's best to give back to society, taking tangible steps to support rural revitalization, conduct social welfare activities, and foster educational development In 2023, Feihe donated goods and funds totaling approximately RMB 27 million. Upon receiving this news, Feihe immediately activated its emergency plan and urgently allocated infant formula and Aiben adult milk powder, swiftly transporting them to Zhuozhou. The supplies were then distributed in an orderly manner at the relocation sites, providing nutritional support to the children and adults in the disaster-stricken area. Feihe's assistance to the flood disaster in Zhuozhou In August 2023, multiple areas in Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province, including Shuangcheng District, Shangzhi City, and Wuchang City, were affected by severe flooding caused by the super Typhoon Khanun. Since the onset of the flood, Harbin branch has been following a unified arrangement to organize its employees to be stationed in Xiqin Township 24 hours a day. After the floodwaters receded, Feihe donated RMB 1. 5 million worth of supplies to Shuangcheng District, Shangzhi City, and Wuchang City in Heilongjiang Province to support post-disaster reconstruction efforts. Feihe Assists in flood relief and post-disaster reconstruction in Heilongjiang ProvinceZhuozhou flood rescue vehicle Shangzhi flood rescue vehicle Feihe places special emphasis on the advancement of education and is dedicated to supporting impoverished students in accessing high-quality education opportunities. We have joined hands with the Heilongjiang Provincial Department of Education to launch the Feihe Supporting Longjiang Education Charity Action and jointly implement the Heilongjiang Basic Education Teacher Elite Training Program (2023-2025) to enhance the quality of teachers in basic education. Through organizing the Feihe Cup provincial competition for the enhancement of primary and secondary school teachers' abilities, we promote training through competition and learning through training. We have also introduced renowned teachers from Beijing Normal University, East China Normal University, and other universities to conduct specialized training courses for seed teachers and principals. Feihe has invested more than RMB 65 million in this project for three consecutive years to support the improvement of the quality of teachers' abilities in the province's basic education system. Educational Charity Opening Ceremony of the Heilongjiang Basic Education Teacher Elite Training Program Workshop In July 2023, Feihe sponsored the first summer research and learning trip of the Excellent Teacher Programme for normal students, which began in Beijing. The event drew about 60 normal students from ten universities across the nation. The programme includes a variety of activities such as observation visits, subject discussions, teaching training, and research trips to Beijing, Daqing, and Qiqihar. Feihe supports the Excellent Teacher Program summer research and learning trip for normal students Excellent teacher program event site Fulfilling Social Responsibility102 103 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Company launched a theme public welfare campaign titled the Return to Northeast China Series, highlighting our efforts in rural revitalization through real-life success stories of local workers and farmers. As of December 31, 2023, Feihe has cumulatively created 170, 000 job opportunities, boosted the income of 150, 000 farmers, and added value to over one million acres of farmland in Heilongjiang Province. Boosted the income of farmers 150, 000 Added value to over of farmland in Heilongjiang Province one million acresCumulatively created job opportunities 170, 000As of December 31, 2023We are committed to transforming the industry chain into a wealth-sharing chain to facilitate comprehensive rural development. Through the integration of agricultural and pastoral industry clusters, we have adopted a model that encompasses factory ranch cooperative farmers, aiming to stimulate rural employment and income growth through initiatives such as land transfer, job creation, and technical training. This approach aligns with our goal of fostering sustainable development and ensuring that Industries enrich the farmers, industries retain the population. Rural Rehabilitation 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE104 105INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX EnvironmentalAspect A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) The policies; and (b) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and Generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, Hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations. P78-P79 A1. 5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P82-P83 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Note Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in buildings, electronic equipment, etc. P78-P79 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P86-P90 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P88-P89 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P80-P93 Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate- related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P80-P93 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P80-P93 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Page Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Page SocialAspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P61 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P70-P73 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years includ - ing the reporting year. P70 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are imple- mented and monitored. P69 Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. P96-P97 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE106 SocialAspect B6 Product Re - sponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P41 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P32-P41 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are imple - mented and monitored. P42-P45 Aspect B7 Anti-corrup - tionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P25 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P24 Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the commu - nities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the commu - nities' interests. P100-P102 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. Which type of stakeholder do you belong to for Feihe? Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report About This Report Reporting Period Organizational Coverage Abbreviations Data Sources Language Versions Report RequestPublication ReferencesThis report covers the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, with some content and data going back to previous years as appropriate. Unless otherwise specified, the disclosure scope of this report is consistent with the scope of the 2023 annual report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited, including China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its subsidiaries. For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its subsidiaries are also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, and We in this report. All information and data quoted in this report are from official documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Group. The material in this report has been provided by Mengniu employees and partners, and is only used for the disclosure of Mengniu's sustainability management progress, not for commercial purposes. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail. comChina Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2023) is the twelfth non-financial report issued by the Company. This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix C2 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ). This report responds to and adheres to following Report Principles. Materiality The report has identified key stakeholders and their ESG topics in the preparation process and making targeted disclosures in this report according to the relative importance of their concerns. Quantitative This report adopts quantitative information to disclose the key performance indicators ( KPI ) in the environmental and social aspects. The measurement standards, methods, hypothesis and or calculation tools, and the source of conversion coefficient used for the KPIs are explained in their respective paragraphs. Consistency The data disclosed in this report follows the same statistical method as previous years, and explanations have been made for individual changes to ensure the principle of consistency. As an industry-leading enterprise, we remains committed to promoting the strategy of Creating A New Mengniu, and put forward a more nutritious, smarter and greener development philosophy with an aim to accelerating the building of a world-class dairy company. Over the years, we have devoted ourselves to basic research, independent research and development of core technologies, constantly explored new fields and created new products to provide consumers with more nutritious options. In the past year, we selected seven probiotics suitable for Chinese people and won the top patent award of Chinese dairy industry. The self-developed HMOs have been approved and certified by the two authorities in China and the United States, which broke the industry bottleneck. We launched a series of new nutritious and healthy products to meet the nutritional needs of the entire life cycle and all consumption scenarios. We launched the world s first full intelligent dairy factory, lightening up a new lighthouse for digital intelligence transformation of the dairy industry, and made known to the public the world s first nutrition and health large language model Mengniu GPT, making the dream of hundreds of millions of families enjoying all-day, customized nutrition and health services a reality. Through these endeavors, we will achieve the mission of every drop of nutrition makes every life thrive with science and technology. Safeguarding the health of the earth in a greener manner We are well aware that Mengniu s products come from the gifts of nature, as such the Group insists on green and sustainable development, and drives the green transformation of the whole industrial chain. We have formulated the GREEN sustainable development strategy with a commitment of reaching carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, and set the goal of zero deforestation in the whole industrial chain by 2030 to lay the foundation for Mengniu s high-quality development. At the World Dairy Industry Conference, we released net-zero emission initiative for the global dairy industry together with global enterprises in the ecosystem, advocating the creation of a green and low-carbon sustainable development community and building a platform for carbon reduction exchanges and cooperation for the global dairy industry. Nevertheless, under the increasingly urgent earth crisis, Mengniu needs to put more efforts to create a more sustainable dairy production and consumption model that protects the health of the planet in cooperation with upstream and downstream industrial chain partners and consumers. Jeffrey, Minfang Lu Director March 26, 2024 07 08 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Statement of the Board Mengniu recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues for the long-term and stable operation of the Group, highly values sustainability management, and has established an effective ESG governance mechanism. The Sustainability Committee participates in the evaluation of the identification results of ESG important topics, regularly reviews the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy of Mengniu, and guides the undertaking of the GREEN strategy and the Group s overall strategy. This year, in response to the ESG topic of green packaging, the Group set up a cross-departmental Working Group and regularly reported to the Sustainability Committee on the progress of its work, along with other ESG important issues such as low-carbon development and responsible sourcing. The Sustainability Committee periodically monitors and reviews the achievement of relevant ESG goals in the GREEN strategy. Mengniu attaches great importance to the potential significant impacts that ESG risks and opportunities may have on the Group, continuously evaluates the possibility and extent of such risks and opportunities, and develops plans and measures to mitigate ESG risks associated with the business operations. The Board of Directors participates in the evaluation of ESG risks and opportunities, and oversees the effective operation of the Group s ESG risk management and internal control systems. This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of Mengniu s ESG work in 2023, which has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on March 26, 2024. Statement of the Board 09 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Corporate Profile Corporate Culture China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (Stock Code 2319) is a leading dairy company, ranking among the top eight dairy companies in the world. Mengniu products have also entered more than ten countries and regions in Southeast Asia, Oceania, North America and other regions. In 2023, the Group's revenue reached RMB 98. 62 billion, with a profit of RMB 6. 17 billion. Mengniu also actively deploys high-quality milk sources overseas, owning raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic infant food seller Bellamy's in Australia. The Group continuously improves its quality management system of the entire industry chain from pasture to milk cup, covering breeding, production, processing, logistics and other links with digital and intelligent means, with full closure monitoring of production and dynamic inspection of the whole process, to ensure that every product is of excellent quality and superior quality. Mengniu's first-class quality and brand value are widely recognized at home and abroad. Mengniu aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has gradually improved its GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, focusing on five directions Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net-Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, and Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, to comprehensively promote GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, to boost the revitalization of the dairy industry, to assist rural revitalization and realize common prosperity. Mengniu firstly releases industry-leading dual-carbon strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030, carbon neutrality in the whole industry chain by 2050, and set a target of zero deforestation by 2030, actively helps the country achieve its dual-carbon goals, and promotes the sustainable development transformation of the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain. During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a digitalized Mengniu. Every drop of nutrition makes every life thriveMission The Mengniu Spirit Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Integrity and honesty support our continued successBorn to excel, constantly strive for self-improvementVision Core ValuesFrom the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the world Total of 51 production bases worldwideCombined annual production capacity of 14. 04 million tonnesCorporate Profile Corporate Culture 10 11 12 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu has always taken Promise a Healthier World as its vision, and taken More Nutritious Products, A Better Life, A More Sustainable Planet as our sustainability mission. In order to better promote the implementation of the strategy, all departments of the Group are collaborating efficiently. Guided by the 2023 to 2025 goals and annual goals, we benchmark against international best practices and continuously perform 26 strategic actions to ensure the implementation of the GREEN strategy. Governance- Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics With the strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability, Mengniu aims to enhance the Company's risk management and control capabilities, enhance corporate governance capabilities, to protect the rights and interests of shareholders and promote the healthy and sustainable development of the Company. Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good services With the strategic pillar of Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive, Mengniu is committed to meeting the diverse healthy needs and providing global consumers with more nutritious and healthier products and better services. Responsibility- Common Prosperity Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity With the strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity, Mengniu focuses on enhancing the social value, benefiting Mengniu's employees, caring for the people in underdeveloped areas and undeserved groups in society, to help to achieve common prosperity. Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation With the strategic pillar of Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable, Mengniu focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, driving sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation through responsible procurement and initiatives. Environment- Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle With the strategic pillar of Environment- Carbon Net-Zero, Mengniu focuses on improving Mengniu's environmental performance, making cleaner and lower- carbon production, and proactively dealing with climate change issues. Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 13 14 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report 2023 Performance HighlightsJoin the Global Initiatives Mengniu joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) to support and comply with the ten principles of the Global Compact, adopted a more responsible operation and continuously developed innovative solutions to achieve greater public benefit with business. Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net-Zero (PDNZ) global climate initiative jointly launched by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Dairy Federation (IDF) and the Global Dairy Platform (GDP). Mengniu is committed to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the dairy industry, and systematically building a low-carbon dairy industry worldwide. Mengniu joined the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and actively participated in promoting key issues in the consumer goods industry such as food safety, social and environmental sustainability, nutrition and health, and end-to-end value chain, contributing Chinese wisdom to the sustainable development of the consumer goods industry. Mengniu joined the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (Sedex) platform, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by reference to international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain. MSCI ESG rating was upgraded from A to AA, the only comprehensive dairy enterprise with AA rating in China Selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index for four consecutive years Ranked No. 1 among Chinese companies in the Coller FAIRR Protein Producer Index Included in the first issue of S&P Global s Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition), and recognized by S&P Global as the Most Progressive Company in the Industry Selected for the SASAC ESG Pioneer 100 Index of Central Enterprises, ranked No. 1 in the food and beverage industry Selected as the ESG Best Practice Case for Listed Companies in 2023 by the China Association for Public Companies Received six awards, including Best Company Board, Best Environmental, Social and Governance, and Best Investor Relations Program, issued by the leading financial magazine Institutional Investor Obtained 2023 Bloomberg Green ESG 50-Enterprises Won honors of the Most Influential Enterprise of the Year and the ESG Pioneer Enterprise of the Year from NetEase Selected as one of the first batch of national Creation Units of Standardization Demonstration Base for High- quality Development of Agricultural Industry issued by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs Awarded the Compliance Management System Outstanding Effectiveness Award by the China Quality Certification Center Selected as 2023 China s Best Employer and 2023 Best ESG Practice Employer by Forbes Selected in the Ministry of Ecology and Environment s 2023 Casebook of Corporate Climate Action Selected as Classic Case of Rural Revitalization by China Top Brands Rural Revitalization Research Center The patents related to its Yoyi C and Just Yoghurt have successively won the 24th China Patent Silver Award and the first Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Patent Gold Award, becoming the first dairy enterprise in China to win the China Patent Silver Award Honors Mengniu participated in the UN COP28 Conference. As a representative of Chinese enterprises, we participated in the Dialogue on Sustainable Development between Chinese and foreign famous entrepreneurs, and the side event themed by Memory of Glaciers Witnessing the Climate Crisis, etc., to share the practical experience of China s dairy industry in promoting the green, low-carbon and sustainable development, and to inform the world the green practices of China s dairy industry. Mengniu hosted the Sixth Global Dairy Forum during the Sixth China International Import Expo, with the theme of Together for A Sustainable Future. We discussed with domestic and foreign politicians, businessmen and industry experts on hot topics such as sustainable development of dairy products and net-zero emissions in the dairy industry. Mengniu organized the World Dairy Industry Convention Sustainable Development International Cooperation Forum, with the theme of Working Together Towards Net-Zero Emissions, Building a Sustainable Global Dairy Industry. Focusing on International Cooperation on Sustainable Development, Mengniu advocated the creation of a green and low-carbon global dairy industry sustainable development community, promoted international exchanges and close cooperation, and initiated a low-carbon and sustainable transformation, to work together towards net-zero emissions. Performance Highlights Governance-Sustainability SDGs We Focused in this Section ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsMengniu strives to create sustainable corporate governance. Guided by the GREEN strategy, Mengniu integrates ESG concepts into the whole business decision-making and implementation process, and promotes the high-quality development of the whole industrial chain. Under the Governance-Sustainability pillar, we build an efficient ESG operation mechanism starting from the three topics of ESG governance, risk management and business ethics set to deepen the construction of risk management system, abide by the highest business ethics standards, and effectively protect the rights and interests of the majority of shareholders. employees have passed the assessment and obtained the certificates of compliance internal auditor and corporate compliance officer, to improve compliance management organizational effectiveness and performance capabilities. Granted ISO 37301 and GB T35770 compliance management system certification, indicating that Mengniu has become the world s first dairy company that obtained the SGS Compliance Management System Certificate. Signed the Belt and Road Corporate Integrity Initiative, and a total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitment. Conducted trainings for directors and supervisors of subsidiaries and holding companies comprising the Group on Compliance Guide for Directors and Supervisors, clarifying their rights, obligations and legal status, to ensure compliance performance. Highlights in 2023 Business EthicsRisk ManagementESG Governance Governance-Sustainability17 18 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report ESG Governance Board Independence and Diversity Sustainability Governance SystemMengniu strictly adheres to applicable laws and regulations in the place of its operation and the listing rules, and continuously optimizes its ESG governance structure in combination with the Group s development, in order to improve the level of business management and achieve sustainable business value. The Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Group is responsible for formulation of the Group s overall strategies and policies, setting of performance and management targets, evaluation of business performance and supervision of management s performance. The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Committee, to support the Board in areas requiring specific time commitment, independent inspection and expertise. The Board currently consists of 9 directors, including 3 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors and 3 independent non- executive directors. Independent non-executive directors account for one-third of the total number of the Board of the Group, and gives full play to the role of checks and balances and provides independent and objective opinions for the decision of the Board. The Board includes 1 female director. The Board of Directors has professional capabilities in marketing, human resources, finance, investment, legal affairs, corporate governance, corporate stakeholder relationship, evaluation of innovation mechanism, responsible business and sustainable development, etc. The Sustainability Committee is responsible for assessing the Group s GREEN sustainable development strategy, objectives and risks, and reviewing ESG-related disclosures. The Secretariat of the Sustainability Executive Committee incorporates relevant personnel from 7 departments, including the Strategic Management Department, the Safety and Quality Management Department, and the Procurement Management Department, etc., who are responsible for coordinating the planning, promotion and implementation of ESG work. The Mengniu Sustainability Promotion Office covers 24 first-level departments of the Group, and comprises 24 sustainability officers and 24 sustainability liaison officers. In response to key sustainable development topics, the Group has set up Working Group on Responsible Procurement Green Packaging and Working Group on Green Packaging to further improve the performance of the topics. The Sustainability Promotion Office undertakes the sustainable development requirements of the Group, discusses and formulates the annual sustainable development goals and plans with all departments, maintains communication with internal and external stakeholders, and actively responds to inquiries from relevant parties. Governance ManagementExecutionIn 2023, Mengniu invited experts in the field of sustainable development to carry out one-to-one interviews with senior management to communicate the external development trend of sustainable development and the sustainable development situation within the Group, to provide guidance for GREEN sustainable development strategy iteration and the priority directions of sustainable development work. In recent years, Mengniu has included ESG factors in the Group s investment strategy. While constantly promoting green financing, Mengniu has deployed high-quality projects in the early stage and growth stage. By means of investment and incubation, Mengniu has also deployed green industries to continuously enhance its sustainable development capabilities. In 2023, we promoted the implementation of projects such as precision nutrition, life science, synthetic biology and green packaging through investment, with an aim to build a sustainable development ecosystem with complementary advantages and close relations. Board of Directors Sustainability CommitteeConsists of the highest decision-making level of the Company and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainable development strategies, objectives and risks Consists of core executives and is responsible for sustainable development management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy execution Consists of sustainability officers and liaison officers of each department, undertakes the requirements of sustainable development work, formulates corresponding work and plans in the department, and implements corporate strategyResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management on responsible procurement and report the progress of the work to the Sustainability Executive CommitteeResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management on green packaging and report the progress of the work to the Sustainability Executive CommitteeResponsible for coordinating ESG daily work and promoting the implementation of the Group's ESG strategySustainability Executive Committee Sustainability Promotion OfficeWorking Group on Responsible ProcurementWorking Group on Green PackagingSecretariat of the Sustainability Executive Committee Combined with the business characteristics and sustainable development goals, we incorporate the sustainable development KPIs into the annual performance contract of the management, including nutrition product development, green benchmark factory building, carbon emission intensity decline, responsible product marketing, etc., and formulate differentiated sustainable development performance assessment weightings based on the relevant responsibilities of senior management in various sustainable development matters. The Group evaluates the performance of senior management every year, and optimizes and updates the sustainability KPIs of senior executives based on the evaluation results and the actual development of the Group, so as to effectively motivate the management to promote sustainable development. Governance-Sustainability19 20 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report In 2023, Mengniu held 2 Sustainability Committee meetings, 2 Sustainability Executive Committee meetings and 1 Sustainability Conference to report the progress of sustainable development to the directors and senior management of the Group, and discuss and make decisions on key ESG issues. In January 2024, the Group held the annual Sustainability Conference, and granted annual recognition and awards to departments and project teams with outstanding performance in sustainable development in 2023. We released the Sustainable Development Course training video on Worth-It online platform, with around 9, 000 times of people participation by the end of 2023. 12 young employees of the Group participated in the SDG Innovation Accelerator for Young Professionals project organized by United Nation Global Compact (UNGC), identified business challenges related to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and designed innovative solutions. In September 2023, Mengniu held the second Sustainable Value Co-Creation activity to encourage all departments to broaden their thinking and build consensus on sustainable development. The activity covered industry exchanges and visits, ecological farm experience, expert roundtable discussion, environmentally friendly artwork creation, sustainability solutions roadshow and other innovative sessions. Participants and industry experts co-created for value and experienced in an immersive way, learned and practiced ESG concepts, to motivate practice of the sustainable development strategy of Mengniu through concerted cooperation and innovative exploration of the departments. Mengniu Sustainable Value Co-CreationStakeholder Communication Based on the nature of business, industry development and operating conditions, we identified stakeholders including employees, consumers, shareholders and investors, government and regulatory bodies, suppliers, distributors, and communities. Mengniu abides by relevant laws and regulations to regularly issue reports, disclosing its major dynamics in a timely and compliant manner, while maintaining fully communication with investors. In 2023, Mengniu actively communicated with the capital market in diverse forms such as emails, teleconferences, and face-to-face meetings. Mengniu held over 200 investor meetings and sell-side analyst meetings throughout the year, and 32 ESG-themed meetings with ESG-themed investors and rating agencies, effectively delivering the high-quality development achievements, business strategy, ESG strategy, ESG practice and long-term value of Mengniu to the capital market. Mengniu actively communicates and interacts with stakeholders to enhance the transparency of the Group s sustainable development management. In 2023, Mengniu invited 50 institutional investors, brokerage analysts, ESG rating agencies and media to visit the organic pasture in Dengkou Desert and Bameng factory. The Group s senior management had in-depth exchanges with external stakeholders and attached great importance to their suggestions on the management of Mengniu s ESG issues, and conveyed the sustainable development strategy of the whole industry chain and milk source strategy map to boost investment confidence of the capital market and external recognition of Mengniu s ESG practice. Global Investors Exchanges with Mengniu Governance-Sustainability21 22 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Stakeholders Topics Communication and Response Channels ConsumersNutritious and healthy products High quality products Perfect customer service Smooth communication channels Diversified product selectionInformation disclosure and dissemination Transparent factory Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Shareholders and investorsBusiness risk prevention Asset preservation and appreciation Responsible procurement Low-carbon development Water management Biodiversity conservation Corporate governance New markets and new opportunities Steady increase in return on investmentEnterprise annual report and announcement Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulatory agenciesCompliance operation Paying taxes in accordance with the law Business ethics Low-carbon development Environment protection Biodiversity conservation Helping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Contributing to local economic developmentGovernment Consulting Regulatory assessment Special meetings EmployeesHealth and safety Diversity and inclusion Career development Wage and welfare security Work and life balanceManager's mailbox Congress of employee representatives Training exchange SuppliersOpen, fair and just procurement Honesty and trustworthiness Information confidentialitySupplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training DistributorMutual benefit and win-win Growing togetherDealer conference Dealer satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platform CommunityHelping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Anti-epidemic and disaster relief Overseas responsibilities Driving local economic developmentProviding employment opportunities Promoting the development of local related industries Improving local infrastructure development CharityMateriality Analysis In 2023, under the guidance of the Sustainability Committee, Mengniu analyzed the impact of various ESG issues on the Group's sustainable development and the degree of stakeholder concern according to the four steps of material topic identification, research interview, screening and evaluation, and audit confirmation. Identification of Material Topics Stakeholder EngagementPrioritization Validation Based on Mengniu's strategic priorities, industry characteristics, business priorities, relevant sustainability frameworks (including GRI), stock exchange requirements (including the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), rating agency focuses, domestic and foreign policies (sustainable development goals), and combined with the advices form external stakeholders, the Group determined a list of material issues. Through various forms such as communication interviews with executives and other relevant parties, and questionnaires, we can better understand the key concerns of stakeholders. Mengniu's Sustainability Committee and experts review and select the material topics to be disclosed. Mengniu 2023 ESG Materiality Matrix Materiality to MengniuMateriality to StakeholdersQuality Control Nutrition Inclusive Consumer Service Information ProtectionResponsibility MarketingESG Governance Risk GovernanceEmployee Benefit Talent Development Rural RevitalizationAnimal Welfare Regenerative Agriculture Management Green Procurement of Raw MaterialsBiodiversity ConservationSupply Chain Responsibility Management Occupational Health & Safety Diversity & Inclusion CharityGreenhouse Gas ManagementRecycling Green PackageWater and Wastewater Management Climate Risk Identification Green Workplace Waste ManagementBusiness Ethics & Anti-Corruption Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment-Carbon Net-ZeroEcosystem-Collaborative & AccountableNutrition-Supreme & InclusiveHighly material Generally material Generally material Highly material Governance-Sustainability23 24 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Risk Management Mengniu strictly complies with laws and regulations related to the Company s operation, and establishes a risk management system with full participation. Risk Management Framework With reference to the internationally accepted COSO1 risk management framework and according to the business needs of the Group, Mengniu has continuously consolidated the three lines of defense of risk management, and clarified hierarchy and corresponding responsibilities of risk management work, wherein the Audit Committee of the Board supervises the overall risk management procedures. The Risk Management Department is a daily operational agency established by the Risk Management Committee, and regularly reports to the Audit Committee of the Board on the operation effectiveness of the risk management system and control of important risks. Mengniu adheres to conducting top-down risk assessment with full participation in the way of business self-assessment identification, professional risk prediction, and overall evaluation by senior executives to ensure the objectivity, accuracy and focus of the Group s judgment on major risks. Every year, we evaluate the effectiveness of risk response through three dimensions of self-evaluation by the project team, evaluation by the service party and special evaluation by the risk management department, so as to provide a basis for the subsequent risk management work. The internal audit supervises and evaluates the Group's risk management and internal control systems and gives improvement suggestions; the discipline inspection and supervision department accepts multi-channel reports and promptly follows up the investigation of events. Of defense is composed of the Risk Management Committee, risk management department and the Group's functional departments, which are mainly responsible for planning and supervising risk management work and improving the risk management system. The first line The third line The second lineIn terms of audit supervision, we adhere to the principle of key control, important risks and effective coverage, sort out key business areas and key management modules from three perspectives that are strategy, operation and support, and carry out supervision and inspection in an orderly manner to effectively promote the Group's risk management level. This year, Mengniu adjusted the Group s major risk areas into seven major aspects strategic risk, financial risk, market risk, supply chain risk, legal and compliance risk, quality and food safety risk, and sustainable development risk. Meanwhile, in light of the changing internal and external environment, we identified emerging risks with greater impact on future business, such as food safety risks caused by nuclear wastewater pollution and industry public opinion risks brought by aspartame. Every year, we communicate with all the directors of the Group on the risk management principles and policies, publicize the risk management concept and listen to the opinions of the directors, assess the major risks and formulate countermeasures. Recorded over 20, 000 times of people participation of online training on risk management for new employeesCarried out targeted risk management practical training, covering 136 core management personnelSelected 6 excellent risk management practice cases Governance-Sustainability25 26 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Business Ethics Our integrity and honesty support our continued success is one of the core values of Mengniu. The Group follows the requirements of the laws and regulations related to business ethics, and has developed the Integrity and Compliance Manual, the Corporate Governance Compliance Manual, the Compliance Manual on Duty Performance of Directors and Supervisors, the Environmental Protection Compliance Manual, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Manual, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Manual, Code of Conduct for Business Partner, the Business Partner Compliance Manual, the Handbook of Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection and other internal compliance guidelines, and launched the Regulations on Management of Personal Information Protection, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, the Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations, and other internal management regulations to standardize behaviors of Mengniu and stakeholders and jointly create an honest and compliant business environment. The Compliance Management Committee shall coordinate the compliance management of the Group, review the Group s strategic planning for compliance management, and investigate the responsibility of violations and personnel committing violations or propose handling suggestions. This year, a total of 32 employees of the Group have passed the assessment and obtained the certificates of compliance internal auditor and corporate compliance officer, which vigorously promoted the improvement of compliance commissioner s performance ability and compliance governance ability. In addition, we consistently implemented the Management Measures for Compliance Assessment, Evaluation and Commendation, linking compliance assessment with senior executives KPI. Mengniu adopts a zero tolerance attitude towards any form of commercial bribery and corruption. Adhering to the principle of audit first, discipline inspection follow-up, the Group has established a joint supervision system of discipline inspection, audit, finance, compliance, human resource and other departments, and improved the working mechanism of information communication, clue transfer and achievement sharing to form a joint supervision force. Our special supervision and inspection of business corruption risk has covered the Group, all subsidiaries and all businesses. In 2023, Mengniu formulated the Work Plan for Discipline Improvement and Anti-corruption in the Sales Area to carry out special governance in maintaining market order and create a fair market environment for competition. In addition, we strengthened special supervision over key areas and key links such as procurement, sales, marketing, research and development, and expanded the scope of supervision and inspection to overseas business departments, by taking various measures such as special supervision of sales and administrative expenses and procurement bidding, to find out integrity risks, analyze deep-seated causes, and accurately solve problems. This year, there was one concluded legal case regarding corrupt practice, and the personnel involved have been sentenced according to law. Reporting and Compliant Management We have formulated the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, and the Approval Measures for Treatment and Punishment Procedures, and revised the Measures for Disciplinary Punishment of the Enterprise this year to further standardize the management mechanism for reporting and complaints. The Group, the divisions and the sharing and holding companies have designated special personnel to accept and handle complaints and reports. The reporting information received by non-disciplinary inspection departments and personnel shall be handled by the discipline inspection department of the Group. Business Ethics Reporting Channels Mengniu provides an independent and 24-hour reporting hotline, and releases ways of receiving complaints and reports through multiple channels. Mengniu s official website, WeChat official account, the Anti-Corruption Agreement, typical case announcement, node notice, customer email, customer service platform, Ding Talk work group, integrity reminder, integrity training materials, integrity scoring plan and publicity materialsChannels to release ways of receiving complaints and reportsIn 2023, Mengniu was granted ISO 37301 and GB T35770 compliance management system certification by China Quality Certification Centre and SGS-CSTC Standards Technical Services Co., Ltd. The certification covers all compliance management activities involved in the Group s operation, marking Mengniu s compliance management level has reached both the national and international standards. This is the first time the two authoritative certification agencies to grant dairy companies compliance management system certification, indicating that Mengniu has become the world s first dairy company that obtained the certificate. No department or individual of the Group shall obstruct or suppress the whistleblower s report, or withhold the reporting materials. Through training and warning education, we enhance the integrity and compliance awareness of all staff, and creates a clean and fair working atmosphere. Mengniu has signed the Belt and Road Corporate Integrity Initiative, and a total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitment, completing the compliance performance commitment from the Group to the staff level. Mengniu carries out multi-level, multi-field and multi-form compliance empowerment training for directors, supervisors, senior management, management personnel, non-management employees and new employees, covering key areas such as anti-corruption, anti-unfair competition, integrity and compliance, anti-monopoly, performance of directors, supervisors and senior management, personal information protection, environmental protection and compliance. This year, Mengniu formulated the Integrity Warning Education Work Plan and the Remind Talk Work Plan, and organized various integrity warning education throughout the year, reminding employees and partners to always adhere to the bottom line of integrity and self-discipline. Conducted 53 sessions of integrity education for middle and senior management and young managers, covering 1, 059 times of people participation; Conducted similar warning education of the same level for overseas business department personnel, covering 38 overseas managers and employees; Conducted integrity audit on 5, 583 newly promoted and appraised employees, issued pre- appointment integrity reminders to 905 newly recruited (promoted) employees, and a total of 41, 745 integrity commitment letters were signed; For grassroots employees, the Group provided warning and education at every meeting and conducted 2, 729 sessions of integrity warning and education through pre-shift meetings, work meetings, internal propaganda, covering all employees including all part-time and outsourced personnel; Conducted integrity education for 6, 820 family members of management personnel and 10, 181 partners, effectively strengthening the integrity awareness of family members of management personnel and partners. Performance of Integrity Warning Education in 2023For directors, supervisors and senior management, the Group carried out China Mengniu Anti-Corruption Training, and required all directors, supervisors and senior management to sign the Compliance Training Confirmation Letter after the training. For management candidates, we publicized the key points of anti- monopoly, anti-commercial bribery and the Integrity Compliance Manual. For personnel in key areas of anti-commercial bribery compliance management, we carried out special compliance training on key points to further enhance the integrity awareness of employees at all levels, and constantly consolidated the defense line of business ethics management. In addition, through Worth-It online training platform, we released training courses such as Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Manual and Basic Compliance Knowledge on Anti-Commercial Bribery, with a cumulative learning record of over 100, 000 times of people participation this year. With a cumulative learning record of over 100, 000 times of people participation this year A total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitmentPhone 0471-7393612 Report Email mnjw mengniu. cn Mailing address Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Horinger, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Postal code 011517Through information sharing and publicity, we ensure that every Mengniu employee and business partner are familiar with Mengniu s letters and visits reporting procedure. In view of the problems found in the reporting, the Group will timely formulate measures to block the management loopholes. SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility, standing firmly on responsible employer practices, and actively undertaking the era's responsibility for rural revitalization and common prosperity by leveraging its advantages in the dairy industry chain. Guided by GREEN strategy, we focus on the three key topics of employee well-being, rural revitalization and charity, constantly improve employees' happiness and sense of belonging drive the development of the industrial chain, carry out public welfare and charity activities, and create greater social value through practical actions. The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above). The employee training coverage rate reaches 92. 76, with a total training duration of 4, 081, 820. 76 hours. of Mengniu's self-operated factories have passed the audit of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, 6 factories have passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprise. entities under Mengniu have been awarded Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels. people were certified as industrial culture hands-on inquiry-based learning instructors, and officially completed the first Dream Center located within Mengniu. The Group explicitly forbids the recruitment of child labor and the use of forced labor, and prevents the occurrence of child labor employment at the source of recruitment through identity verification and other measures. If any issue of child labor is discovered, we will immediately assist in contacting the legal guardian for resolution. If any illegal employment practices are found, we will conduct thorough investigations and strictly handle them in accordance with laws and regulations as well as the Group's requirements. Employee Well-Being Adhering to the development strategy of people-oriented, Mengniu is committed to creating an equal and inclusive workplace environment, attracting world-class dairy industry talents, and promoting the advanced experiences and practices of talent governance in the Chinese dairy industry. On the basis of strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations, Mengniu follows the internationally recognized human rights policies as outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Convention on Human Rights and the core Convention of the International Labor Organization, and formulates the Employee Code of Conduct, Employee Handbook and other management documents to implement human rights protection measures. In the meantime, Mengniu is committed to promoting mutual understanding among employees of different nationalities and cultural backgrounds, and building a cross-cultural communication bridge. Mengniu s Indonesian factory fully respects the cultural beliefs of local employees by setting up a prayer room in the plant, giving employees Ramadan subsidies, and arranging staff worship time after proper work deployment. Respect for Human Rights Equality, Diversity and Inclusiveness Talent DevelopmentTalent Cultivation Mengniu attaches great importance to the cultivation and career development of its employees. In 2023, we comprehensively upgraded the Mengniu BLOOM talent philosophy, focusing on the core value of empower and inspire talents to succeed to fully interpret Mengniu's talent orientation. Guided by the talent philosophy, we aim to support the continuous growth and development of our talents. At the same time, Mengniu actively cooperates with universities and industry partners to build a variety of learning platforms to meet the diverse learning needs of employees, propelling employees career development and professional skills improvement, and enhancing the talent reserve in the industry. In terms of talent training, the Group has optimized the talent development system, carried out full-cycle and full-dimension training for talents, and continued to build six future-oriented talent teams, in order to build Mengniu s talent advantage. Meanwhile, we have offered industry talent training in cooperation with industry partners, upgraded the online learning platform, and promoted the digital layout of talent training from the aspects of value transmission, operation mode, organizational mechanism and talent training. Mengniu has created succession and competence training system. For successors, we developed Blue Sea project and cultivated more than 600 core management reserve talents, with a view to improving leading talents management capabilities, accelerating the reserve of management talents, outputting key position reserves and continuously enhancing the succession talent pool, through online and in-person training activities, regular coaching, formulation and implementation of personal learning & development plan, job rotation, project practice and other training modes. The project covered more than 3, 000 current managers. Cultivation of Leading Management Talents Mengniu thoroughly studies and implements the important national work instructions on skilled personnel to actively promote the training of skilled personnel. Cultivation of Elite Professional Talents Through the Youth Training Camp project, Mengniu has been selecting high-potential young talents group-wide to cultivate the innovation ability and management competence of young talents in all-round way. Through the Future Star project, we have provided multiple jobs for fresh graduates, and provided diversified growth and development paths for graduates of different majors. Also, mentors were equipped to help them complete the rapid transformation from students to workers. Cultivation of Top-notch Young Talents We have launched the first phase of the strategic international talent training project, with the main purpose of cultivating and improving trainees cross-cultural communication skills, deepening their understanding of international operation, and expanding their global vision, while focusing on sales, supply chain, finance and other core and key job groups. Through three thematic training Cross-cultural Communication Competence Development and Promotion, Pressure and Emotion Management and Practice Study on Enterprise Going Abroad, Mengniu has enhanced trainees understanding of international work and life, and improved their readiness for future expatriate assignments, while accumulating practical experience for the Group s continuous international talents training and reserve. Cultivation of Strategic and International Talents 33 34 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity The various departments of Mengniu are highly coordinated, providing innovative and entrepreneurial talents with a platform for capacity building and project incubation. At the Group s 2023 Innovation Competition, 3, 367 projects were signed up, and a total of 31 projects entered the incubation stage. After more than half a year s incubation verification by empowering, visit and learning, a total of 19 projects appeared on the stage of roadshow, and finally 11 projects stood out. In addition to continuously cultivating talents within the Group, Mengniu also focuses on the introducing and reserving talents required for the layout of new business tracks. Leveraging its rich expert resources, innovative management mode, and unique platform advantages, Mengniu has attracted top doctoral and postdoctoral talents from global leading universities and large enterprises to participate in the Group s strategies, products and management, providing sufficient high-end talent reserve for the sustainable development of the Group. Mengniu cultivates elite talents in the dairy industry around the aspects of the establishment of talent training system, the strengthening of professional talent ability, and the recognition of professional skill level, to comprehensively facilitate the implementation of the national strategy on developing a quality workforce. In 2019, Mengniu was awarded the qualification of professional skill level certification by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. Moreover, Mengniu Global Dairy Training Center completed the professional skills certification for more than 2, 000 people, effectively improving the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers. By the end of 2023, the Mengniu Dairy Professional Skills Level Certification work has covered 31 bases nationwide. In 2023, Mengniu has overhauled and upgraded its online learning platform. With the digital means as the core, Mengniu promoted the digital layout of talent cultivation from many aspects, such as value transmission, operation mode, organizational mechanism and talent development, and launched party building, corporate culture, digitalization, leadership, marketing and other courses. In combination with the development strategy of excellent talents, we have connected advanced AI to our digital learning platform, which will intelligently analyze employees learning behaviors and habits, answer their questions and interpret complex concepts through personalized learning, intelligent tutoring and other functions, thereby providing employees with a more efficient, convenient and interesting learning experience and promoting the common growth of the Group and employees. With this excellent digital learning practice, Mengniu successfully won the Boao Award of China Enterprise Online Learning Conference, Digital Learning Application Benchmarking Enterprise Award for four consecutive years, the most authoritative award, highlighting Mengniu s achievements in the field of digital learning, which strengthened the Group s determination to further deepen the digital talent cultivation strategy. Career Development Adhering to the performance management concept of creating value wholeheartedly, evaluating value scientifically, sharing value reasonably, Mengniu has established a performance closed-loop management system from goal, evaluation, guidance to improvement. Besides, upholding the principle of fairness and justice, morality first, the Group has built a three-channel promotion system of management series, professional series and operation series to better meet the development needs of employees. At the same time, through the professional qualification and experience map, the Group has clarified the knowledge, ability and key experience required for each professional position and provided clear career development goals and guidance for talents. Cultivation of Breakthrough Innovative Talents Industry Talent DevelopmentCultivation of Scarce High-end Talents Intelligent Online LearningPerformance management conceptCreating value wholeheartedlyEvaluating value scientifically Sharing value reasonably The management at all levels, combined with corporate strategy, department planning, and job responsibilities, have decomposed the overall goals of the Group from top to bottom to each business line, business team and individual employee. After the communication with the department leaders to formulate the personal performance goals that can be measured, the staff confirmed and signed the performance contract. Employees regularly review the target achievement, discuss the target completion difficulties and communicate the target adjustment plan with their immediate leader. Focusing on the three aspects of leadership, values and synergy, we carried out an all-round performance appraisal based on the feedback from individual employees, business partners, superior leaders and subordinate colleagues, and set differentiated performance appraisal cycles for different positions. In addition, we attach importance to the feedback from the employees on the performance appraisal results. The department leaders communicate with the employees on their performance results upon conclusion of the appraisal and timely follow up their feedback opinions. At the same time, the department leaders help employees to clarify their personal development plans, flexibly carry out one-to-one communication with employees, and help employees to achieve targeted ability improvement. For example, we have launched the Future Star plan for fresh graduates, as a key talent development project to support the realization of Mengniu s future strategy. In 2023, a total of 204 Future Stars who have completed the fresh management training program were promoted, with a promotion rate of 85. 7. 35 36 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity CEO and Party Secretary reception dayTalent Incentive Employee CommunicationIn addition to providing competitive salary for all staff, Mengniu has also established a performance-based material and spiritual dual incentive system, to commend and reward employees based on their performance more comprehensively and scientifically, and share the results of development with employees through an incentive model that combines current incentives, long-term incentives, innovation incentives and spiritual incentives. In 2023, Mengniu granted long-term incentives to middle-level and senior management in core and key positions, aiming to drive the Group to achieve long-term strategic goals and realize value sharing. Mengniu attaches great importance to communicating and exchanging views with employees, and is committed to creating an efficient and transparent communication environment. In addition, employees can appeal about disputes concerning personal performance appraisal results, workplace misconduct and other aspects, and the relevant responsible person will investigate their complaints, solve them in time and provide feedback. Employee Benefits Mengniu upholds the employee value proposition of Come together! With the concept of Let s be talents, Mengniu prioritizes the development of its employees, and build a well-established talent training system through accurate talent selection and effective talent incentive mechanism. With the pursuit of Let s do great things, we create an innovative mechanism of only imagination can do the impossible, and use the opportunities and platforms to achieve talents. With the expectation of Let s create a better future, we actively carry out a variety of caring activities to enhance the sense of belonging, happiness and sense of achievement of the staff, thereby realizing the mutual accomplishments with the staff, and building the future hand in hand! In addition to providing services and guidance at employee induction, promotion, transfer, retirement and other important timing, we elaborately designed new surprise and memory for employees, and launched online function of 12 things can be done in Mengniu, to guide employees record their career in Mengniu and continuously strengthen their connection with Mengniu. Mengniu has comprehensively launched the Love Her program, offering free screening service for the Two Cancers for more than 10, 000 female employees nationwide, conducting HPV vaccine booking activities, and establishing 56 Mommy Huts across the country. Mengniu has launched the Yuexin Care to the Grassroots Activity by conducting Yuexin emotional management workshops in 7 factories including factories in Shangzhi, Tongliao and Shenyang, and conducted live lectures on positive psychology to guide employees to work with a positive, healthy and optimistic psychological state. This year we expressed care to nearly 180, 000 people with RMB 20 million care funds. In addition, we provide Mengniu babies care services for working mothers, providing parenting knowledge, vacation manuals for pregnant mothers, reimbursement guidelines, psychological counseling courses and baby-related benefits since their early stage of pregnancy, and providing various certificate processing guidelines for pregnant mothers at corresponding timing. For example, in the Beijing office area, we provide no less than 15 days of parental leave for both female and male employees. We granted gifts of RMB 180, 000 in cash to employees giving birth to the third child; besides, Mengniu maintained supplementary commercial insurance for all employees children (under the age of 14) to provide additional protection for their children. Every month, Aice of Mengniu actively communicates with employee representatives on working environment, employee benefits, relationship between superior and subordinates through the staff exchange forum, to understand and meet employees needs in time and efficiently, which significantly reduces the employee turnover rate. Aice carries out the employee engagement survey every year, from 6 dimensions such as leadership relationship, working environment, self-development, and achievement recognition, to understand employees concerns, listen to their suggestions, further improve employee satisfaction and loyalty, and improve work efficiency and quality. In 2023, the net recommendation value of employees was 83. 2, indicating that employees are very satisfied with working in Aice. Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System Employee Engagement SurveyCommunication Channels I do practical work for the staff Series of Activities Female Employee Care Employee Psychological Assistance Program Staff symposiumEmployee voice mailboxPublic account small tree hole Employee thought survey 37 38 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Democratic Management Occupational Health and SafetyMengniu strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations, promotes the Employee Representative Congress system, respects the principal status of employees, and strengthens employees consciousness of democracy and the democratic management, to protect employees rights to know, participate, express and supervise, fully arouse their enthusiasm, initiative, creativity and autonomy, and promote high quality operation of the democratic management system of the Group. Mengniu complies with the relevant laws and regulations on occupational health and safety, and has formulated a comprehensive occupational health and safety management system. As a responsible manufacturer, Mengniu attaches great importance to occupational safety. We have implemented the main accountability of safety level by level, and designated full-time management personnel in the Group, business unit and factory s safety management departments. Mengniu occupational health and safety standards cover all business lines, all employees, contractors and constructors of the Group. In addition, we have formulated and improved occupational health and safety performance indicators, and combined action plans with quantitative objectives to provide clear work objectives and management indicators for safety production of the Group. The Second Session of the 7th Mengniu Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference Safety Risk Prevention and Control Mengniu focuses on safety risk prevention and control, and takes multiple measures to continuously improve the construction of the Group s safety management and compliance system. In terms of liquid ammonia risk prevention and control, the Group reduced the liquid ammonia reserves and the quantity of major hazard sources through refrigerant replacement and technical transformation to reduce the inherent risks to the maximum. In terms of fire safety, we invited external experts to carry out special fire assessment of 6 grass-roots enterprises and perform warning prompt and standard investigation for external fire accident, in order to improve compliance with professional strength. The Group also conducted special actions for key risks such as traffic in the factories and gas safety, to discover and solve problems, and ensure that the risks are under control. This year, Mengniu's self-operated factories2 have passed the audit of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, covering room temperature, chilled products, ice products, fresh milk, cheese products, Yashili and other business units. A total of 6 factories of Mengniu have passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprise. The coverage rate of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification for Mengniu's self- operated factories reached 100 For environmental emergencies, Mengniu has formulated emergency plans for environmental emergencies according to relevant laws and regulations, and reported them to the government for the record. Staff representatives of all business units and factories, including management personnel, grass-roots front-line employees, female staff representatives and representatives of ethnic minorities, totaling 452 staff, attended the Second Session of the 7th Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference of Mengniu Group. Staff representatives were elected by the grass-roots trade unions. At the session, 4 work reports and 10 policies related to the immediate interests of employees were deliberated and adopted, indicating our full attention paid to the needs of employees and our determination to solve practical problems for employees. During the session, the CEO of the Group and the Chairman of the Trade Union signed four types of collective contracts, namely Collective Contract, Special Collective Contract on Salary, Special Collective Contract on Employee Safety and Labor Protection, and Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employees, covering labor remuneration, working hours, rest and vacation, insurance benefits, labor safety and health, special protection for female employees, education, training and other aspects. Collective contracts cover all employees of Mengniu, providing a favorable legal guarantee for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of employees and promoting the harmonious development of the Group. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Occupational Health and Safety Culture Construction With reference to the relevant laws and regulations, Mengniu has developed a series of training courses on production safety and occupational health for professionals at all levels according to the their personal characteristics and needs of the business, to improve the safety awareness and professional ability of EHS managers. In 2023, we developed 14 online courses on occupational health and safety management, and organized 2 face-to-face training sessions for key populations, with a total of 1, 825 times of people participation of learning. Playing the role of an empowering booster, the Group pays attention to the grassroots and frontline through multi-form, multi-level and omni-directional infiltration of the concepts of production safety and occupational health management, to foster safety and environmental professionals capable of responding and acting effectively at all times, consolidate the bottom line of safety and bravely meet the challenges of the future. In addition, we actively organized diversified health and safety culture activities, including the Safety Production Month thematic activity, Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Popularization Week thematic activity, the Ankang Cup labor skills competition, and safety scenario simulation experience projects, etc., aiming to effectively implement the Group s safety production management and risk preventive measures, enhance employees awareness of health and safety production, and comprehensively improve professional health and safety skills. Practice TrainingWe conducted safety training and warning education through virtual and physical emergency drills and VR real-life experiences to enhance the staff s safety awareness, safe operation skills and emergency response capabilities. Occupational Health Management Mengniu attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees, strictly comply with national laws and regulations, and strives to ensure the steady progress of occupational health management. So far, a total of 23 entities under Mengniu have been awarded Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels. Employee death rate due to safety production accidents Number of employee deaths due to work-related incidents Total number of employees 100. 5 Lost work hours due to work injuries are primarily for injuries sustained by employees as a result of traffic accidents. The statistical scope of data related to employee turnover is within Mengniu s principal business. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Industrial Revitalization In its deeper dive into the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing strategy, Mengniu takes root in the farming and livestock industries and cares for farmers and herdsmen. Relying on the establishment of our milk source base featuring millions of dairy cattle, millions of mu of pasture, millions of tonnes of milk and the construction of the national dairy industry park cluster, we have made interest-based connections with farmers and herdsmen in the upstream and downstream industries, empowered farmers and herdsmen with technologies, united with financial institutions to ease financial difficulties, and integrated primary, secondary and tertiary industries, to increase farmers and herdsmen s participation in and benefit from the industry. In recent years, Mengniu has laid out and established more than 10 dairy industry parks nationwide, promoted the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows and planting of more than 6 million mu of high-quality forage grass nationwide, directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million farmers and herdsmen to increase their income. Upscaling of Planting and Rearing Technology Empowerment In 2023, in coloration with government authorities and the National Dairy Industry and Technology System, Mengniu held the Mengniu Group Sustainability Conference among Dairy Industry Chain Partners and 2024 Pasture SOP Benchmarking and Mutual Learning Activity themed with Greener, More Nutritious and more intelligent. Such activity aimed to help the pasture partners to implement standard management, precision breeding and cost reduction & efficiency enhancement, enhance their comprehensive competitiveness, and achieve common prosperity of the upstream and downstream industrial chains. Mengniu Group Sustainability Conference among Dairy Industry Chain Partners and 2024 Pasture SOP Benchmarking and Mutual Learning Activity Rural Revitalization With the 14th Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalization Action Plan, and in combination with its industrial strength as a leading dairy company, Mengniu identified and refined its four-in-one rural revitalization system consisting of industrial revitalization ecological revitalization inclusive nutrition Party building. Further, leveraging on the development of the entire industry chain with the slogan from a blade of grass to a glass of milk, we built up an interest-based connected mechanism with farmers and herdsmen to increase their income, and provided nutrition products in underdeveloped areas. Charitable breeding technology training 40 sessionsPublic welfare training covering a cumulative total of over 107, 000 times of people participation 45 46 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Ecological Revitalization Upholding the concept of lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, Mengniu made an endeavor to create a green and low-carbon ecosystem, take the lead in fostering green and low-carbon development, and promote the revitalization of rural ecology. We have developed a recycling economic model featuring windbreak and sand-control, grass planting and cow farming, recycling cow manure to the fields, achieving exceptional ecological efficiencies. So far, we have planted more than 98 million trees suited for sandy soils in the neck of the desert corridor, converting more than 200 square kilometers of desert into green land. Ulan Buh Desert Ecological Management Inclusive Nutrition With the mission of inclusive nutrition helping to safeguard our future under the Inclusive Nutrition Plan and the vision of enabling every single life to have health and joy, Mengniu made a number of efforts to promote nutrition and health initiatives targeted at students and safeguard the healthy growth of Chinese teenagers and children. In 2023, Mengniu conducted the Milk Donation Program of Inclusive Nutrition Plan in 452 schools in 21 provinces and autonomous regions across the country, donating more than 3. 704 million boxes of milk and covering 582, 000 teenagers and children. For more than two decades, such program has benefited 25 million students in 28 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country. With our focus on supporting education in rural area, the Group, in collaboration with China Youth Development Foundation, sponsored the Future Star Student Assistance Program charitable donation activity, to provide education and living grants for 1, 000 students receiving compulsory education from families with relative financial difficulties, thus mitigating their financial burden and helping them to successfully complete their education. We sponsored the construction of Mengniu Hope Clinic Project in 10 schools in rural areas of Hubei Province, helping local schools to improve their healthcare infrastructure and enhance the comprehensive quality and professional competence of campus health center staff through training, so as to improve the healthcare conditions in rural areas and promote the healthy development of rural youth. In addition, the Group consistently strived to innovate the promoting approaches of the Party s theories, and contributed theoretical nourishment to the rural revitalization by organizing over 100 events, such as theoretical lectures, artistic performances, themed movie viewings, and visits to red revolutionary education bases. In March 2023, Mengniu joined hands with other members of the Party-building alliance, including The Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region agriculture and animal husbandry hall, Bank of China Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region branch, to jointly carry out charitable caregiving activities and give care to the elderly in the Xiwulan Bulang Village; during Children s Day, the Group organized the Two introductions and one assistance initiatives Party building activities at Center School of Xiwulan Bulang Village, talking about milk knowledge to children and donating living necessities. Such initiatives supported Xiwulan Bulang Village to early achieve rural revitalization through practical actions. The volunteers of Mengniu had recorded more than 10, 000 attendances in such volunteer service activities and provided nearly 24, 000 hours of volunteer service. We have formulated the China Mengniu Public Donation Management System, publishing and standardizing volunteer service requirements, and regulating donation management and guiding employees to conduct volunteer activities. Such practical actions embodied our volunteer spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual assistance and progress. In 2023, jointly with the China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu kicked off the 2023 Project Hope - Mengniu Youth Football Public Welfare Activity for the third time, aiming to select teenagers who love football and boost the development of China s football cause. During the year, the Project carried out a total of 15 regional football league games and 10 offline football challenge games, attracting more than 260 schools, and more than 5, 000 teachers and students, and selecting 20 teenagers to watch the World Cup. With the support of many parties, the first Dream Center located within Mengniu was officially completed at Mengniu s Tongzhou factory in Beijing. During the year, a total of 133 people were certified as industrial culture HIBL instructors, thus actively promoting the HIBL education that combines education and entertainment, passing on the industrial culture, promoting the industrial spirit, and cultivating HIBL talents. Development of HIBL Curriculum and Data-Based Platform HIBL Scenario Construction Nurturing HIBL Talents To better demonstrate to the adolescents Mengniu s technological innovation and digital and intelligent production processes, the Group hosted the special event of Exploring the mystery of milk of the 2023 Youth University Science Camp on Food Science and Technology, leading participants to have a deep understanding of Mengniu s innovative development and nutrition and health concepts. Such activities promoted the scientist spirits, such as patriotism, innovation, truth-seeking, dedication, collaboration, and education, and inspired the youth to make unremitting efforts to build a strong nation empowered by science and technology and realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. In 2023, Mengniu officially launched the Better Nutrition, Healthier Growth Chinese Student Nutrition and Health Education Public Welfare Campaign in Thousands of Schools Across Hundred Cities. The initiative aimed to actively promote student nutrition and health education, boost healthy food culture in campuses, and cultivate healthy eating habits, improve physical fitness, and ensure the healthy growth of children and adolescents. During the year, Mengniu has conducted 120 lectures on food education nationwide, benefiting more than 8, 000 students. Mengniu supports the China Volunteer Service Federation in conducting the free clinic activities. In December 2023, a free clinic was held for the firefighters of the Fuyou Street Special Service Station of the Beijing Xicheng District Fire Rescue and Support Brigade, focusing on the health of the firefighters. Food-specific Technology Camp Chinese Student Nutrition and Health Education Public Welfare Campaign in Thousands of Schools Across Hundred Cities Filial Piety and Respect for the Elderly Charitable Activity Health Care Campaign for Firefighters Mengniu organized various public welfare activities to promote nutrition and health for different groups such as the elderly and firefighters, and provided nutritional products, psychological support, as well as knowledge in nutrition assistance and occupational health. Community Welfare In 2023, in active response to the national policy in promoting all-rounded education and industrial culture, and by leveraging on more modern and scientific hands-on inquiry-based learning (HIBL) and in combination of industrial culture with education, Mengniu was committed to raising the nutritional and health awareness, and giving vocational literacy enlightenment for primary and secondary school students to help with the healthy growth for Chinese teenagers. Mengniu actively carries out voluntary service activities such as nutrition and health public welfare activities, care of the wider community, and environmental protection, to fulfill corporate social responsibility, and make every life thrive with every drop of nutrition. Emergency ReliefVolunteer Services Earthquake RescueRecovery Center Rainstorm ReliefIn May 2023, a 4. 5-magnitude earthquake struck Baoshan, Yunnan province, and in December, a 6. 2-magnitude earthquake hit Jishishan County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu province, causing casualties and property losses. Mengniu promptly responded by participating in earthquake relief operations, donating a total of 800 boxes of cheese, 500 boxes of milk, 544, 000 packs of snacks, 1, 852 sets of blankets, 1, 000 sets of food and oil packages, to fully support the earthquake relief efforts. In August 2023, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region experienced continuous rainfall and subsequent flooding and geological disasters due to a powerful typhoon, leading to a serious impact on the safety of people s lives and property. Mengniu swiftly launched relief work, donating over 200, 000 cartons of milk, 12, 000 sticks of cheese, to support disaster relief operations, and meet the needs of affected populations and rescue personnel. This year, Mengniu volunteers sent milk, milk powder, milk tablets, handmade diamond paintings, brushes, urgently needed bunk beds, and other supplies to the children at to the Recovery Center. Volunteers also made handmade paintings and performed talent shows with children, and carefully learned about the children s living conditions to deliver Mengniu s care and love. Youth Volunteering Activities During the Commemoration Day of Learning from Lei Feng, the May 4th Youth Day and the International Volunteer Day, Mengniu volunteers visited campuses, nursing homes, welfare homes and front-line positions to carry out special groups caring activities, environmental protection, job assistance, clothing donation, tree planting and other youth volunteer activities. We pledged that for every bottle of Xiaoxianyu sold, a portion of the proceeds would be donated to help build adoption and rehoming platforms and sponsor offline adoption events nationwide, thereby helping stray cats find homes. Stray Cats Adoption Program 53 54 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity As one of the most internationally influential Chinese dairy enterprise, Mengniu actively fulfills its social responsibilities overseas and actively carries out charity activities in New Zealand, Indonesia and other places where it operates, constantly improving local people s livelihood and well-being, and showcasing the sense of responsibility of Chinese dairy enterprises. Overseas Corporate Citizenship In 2023, Aice of Mengniu actively cooperated with the Indonesian government, schools and other institutions to carry out charity activities, focusing on charity donations, tourism promotion, nutrition and health, post-disaster construction and other aspects to drive local development and fulfill social responsibilities. Focusing on the healthy growth needs of local children in Indonesia, Aice cooperated with the Foodbank of Indonesia to distribute food and ice cream to kindergarten children and teach children to choose healthy breakfast and desserts correctly. Aice is concerned about the post-disaster reconstruction work in Lombok island and has built volleyball courts and other facilities for schools affected by the earthquake to meet the educational needs of children. Honors In 2023, Yashili of Mengniu funded the construction of schools, libraries, and medical centers in New Zealand, and held themed charity sales and fundraising activities to help local charity organizations raise funds for children born with congenital heart diseases. Environment-Carbon Net-Zero SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu, as China's leading dairy company, adhering to the concept of Promising a Healthier World, is committed to establishing an environmentally friendly production system, and promise to achieve carbon neutrality across the entire industry chain by 2050. Under the pillar of Environment-Carbon Net-Zero of GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, Mengniu has carried out greenhouse gas (GHG) management, water resources management, waste disposal, recycling and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment by setting up three topics, namely, Dual-Carbon Action, Green Operation and Recycle. Mengniu s Deluxe Frozen Cheese Milk Ice Cream, Deluxe Strawberry Milk Ice Cream, and Deluxe Vanilla-Flavored Milk Ice Cream have been granted the carbon neutral certification. Mengniu has promoted the completion of more than 260 carbon reduction initiatives, including coal-fired boilers replacement, water and electricity conservation, and the use of new energy vehicles, reducing GHG emissions by about 185, 000 tonnes. Mengniu has installed more than 22. 06 MW of solar photovoltaic capacity with an annual electricity generation of 11, 267. 80 MWh. By the end of 2023, 30 factories of Mengniu have been certified as National- level Green Factory. By the end of 2023, 9 factories of Mengniu were recognized as Zero-Waste Factory demonstration units. factories of Mengniu were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system. By the end of 2023, Mengniu s self-operated factories have achieved 100 coverage in environmental management system certification. Mengniu s water consumption per tonne of dairy products has fallen by 3. 8 this year compared with that in 2020. The annual water saving was 1, 062, 000 tonnes (including social water saving of 890, 000 tonnes ). Mengniu s the third Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit and Tai an factory of Chilled Product Business Unit successfully passed the AWS water management certification. The product of Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit, namely Milk Deluxe (Dream Cap) Organic Pure Milk, obtained the first Water Footprint Verification Statement for organic pure milk in China. Mengniu s water reuse volume was about 2. 04 million tonnes, with a reclaimed water rate of 6. 44. By the end of 2023, 23 enterprises of Mengniu were granted the title of water-saving enterprises. Mengniu promises to achieve 100 sustainable packaging technology by 2025, and strives to lead the industry on achieving low-carbon packaging in Mengniu s entire product line. products of Mengniu have obtained the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E certification) issued by T V Rheinland. Highlights in 2023 Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle 57 58 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action Led by the national Dual Carbon strategy, our industry has seen the commitment to green, low-carbon and sustainability as a consensus. In response to the national Dual Carbon goal, Mengniu has established and improved its Dual Carbon governance structure and set the strategic plan of carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, focusing on production, raw milk, packaging, transportation and products. The table below shows the total GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity in scope 1 and 2 of Mengniu during 2018 2023, GHG include carbon dioxide, methane, and hydrofluorocarbons. In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kgCO2e t. In line with the Group s phase I strategic planning and industrial structure adjustment, Mengniu continues to promote the reduction of scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions, and deepen the implementation of the scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures. In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kgCO2e t. With the target of carbon neutrality, Mengniu maintains the GHG emission reduction measures and achievements in scope 1 and 2, and promotes comprehensive GHG emission reduction in scope 3. The proportion of renewable clean energy increases and the product carbon footprint decreases year by year. In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3. Mengniu is committed to continuous innovation, promoting energy-saving and consumption-reduction technologies, adjusting the energy consumption structure and increasing the proportion of renewable energy use. During the year, the Group's total GHG emission in scope 1 and 2 was 1. 42 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent, and the intensity was 0. 166kg CO2e kg product, representing a decrease in both total GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity. Phase I 2023-2025Phase II 2025-2030Phase III 2030-2050 Mengniu has established a dual-carbon governance structure led by the Board of Directors, with the management taking charge of, and each business unit and factory as the main execution function. Governance StructureDual-Carbon Strategic Planning Mengniu s Carbon Reduction Targets GHG Emissions The Board of Directors of Mengniu oversees climate change related matters of the Company, makes decisions on the Group's strategic planning related to climate change, supervises climate change- related risks and opportunities, reviews climate change-related goals, as well as listens to the management's report on climate change related matters and makes recommendations. Management level The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department is responsible for implementing of all decisions and daily work of carbon emission management; Mengniu s business units are responsible for undertaking, transforming, and promoting the work, and reporting their carbon reduction progress and achieved status of carbon targets; Mengniu s factories implement business unit s low-carbon development measures, collect factory-level GHG emission data, ensure the achievement of business units carbon targets, and report the results of carbon reduction efforts to business units. Executive level Identifying Risks and Opportunities, Developing Plans, Managing Goals YearTotal GHG Emissions (ten thousand tonnes of CO2 equivalent)GHG Emission Intensity (kgCO2e kg product) 2018 110 0. 174 2019 116 0. 168 2020 127 0. 169 2021 136 0. 171 2022 143 0. 168 2023 142 0. 166 59 60 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Based on the Group's dual-carbon target of carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050 and strategic plan, Mengniu has clarified the focus on carbon reduction in production related scope 1 and 2. Mengniu regards enhancing capacity utilization, improving energy efficiency, recycling surplus energy and optimizing energy structure as the core aspects of production-related carbon reduction. During the year, factories of the business units have implemented 160 energy-saving and emission reduction projects at the source and 55 carbon reduction projects through industrial collaboration, achieving a total carbon reduction of over 21, 000 tonnes by saving of 21. 6 million kWh of electricity and 29, 000 tonnes of steam throughout the year. At the same time, we are committed to building low-carbon and zero-carbon factories to reduce the environmental impact of production operations. Mengniu has integrated the concept of enhancing capacity utilization into the entire production process, reducing capacity loss by shortening process transfer time, applying innovative production technologies and investing in automated and intelligent production equipment. By applying the new technology of high-efficient enzyme, the Ice Cream Product Business Unit reduced the amount of sugar used in the lactose hydrolysis process of Deluxe Milk Ice Cream, thereby shortening the production time, reducing energy loss and GHG emission. By adjusting idle cleaning time of the equipment and waiting time for preparatory production, the Fresh Milk Business Unit reduced the equipment cleaning and equipment idling time, thereby reducing the energy loss, saving 104, 785 kWh of electricity per year. For better coordination, deployment, guidance and supervision over the carbon emission management of each business unit, Mengniu has established a 1 4 carbon emission MRV (monitor, reporting and verify) system, structured an organization covering points, lines and areas, and developed online management and monitoring systems to achieve dynamic human resource management, and ensure the integrity, authenticity and reliability of GHG data by strengthening data management and personnel arrangements. The Carbon Emission Management Measures, serves as a guiding document, clarifying the organizational structure to ensure the operation of the MRV system. The Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide, serves as a workflow guideline, specifying the methods, processes, requirements and standards for GHG emissions monitoring, accounting, reporting and verification. Carbon Emission Reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 Enhancing Capacity Utilization Application of high-efficiency enzyme technology Optimization of equipment idling timeThe MRV system improves the timeliness of data collection and reduces the recurrence of accounting issues by standardizing workflow processes; improves data consistency and integrity by clarifying accounting methods; and heightens data accuracy through a three-level audit mechanism. In the initial operation of the MRV system, the Group carried out on-site carbon management-related audits in 20 factories this year, sorted out and classified issues encountered during the audit process to form a 50-question List of Carbon Emissions MRV. Monitoring level Accounting level Reporting level Verification level Each factory develops and publishes a carbon emission monitoring plan. Each factory implements a carbon emission file management system and ensure 100 filing. MRV System Production-related Carbon ReductionDual-Carbon Management The Group guides and deploys carbon management with Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025), Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Measures and Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide in place. This year, we have established Carbon Emission Management Report to clarify the regular reporting mechanism for GHG emission management, finalized the quarterly and annual Key Tasks Breakdown of Low Carbon Initiatives, and promoted the implementation of nearly 200 production carbon reduction projects. Each business unit takes up the Group s low-carbon development plan, thus breaking down the emission reduction targets, and formulating business unit-specific low-carbon plans and management documents from three aspects of production, packaging, and transportation. After the transformation, its natural gas consumption per tonne of steam was reduced by 6, resulting in an annual saving of approximately 75, 000 cubic meters of natural gas. factories of Room Temperature Business Unit have implemented smart energy system, utilizing digital and intelligent technologies such as intelligent group control technology and efficiency analysis model, resulting in a 5 increase of energy conversion efficiency. The Shangzhi Factory adjusts heating control using visualized data, controlling the operation of equipment according the weather and temperature, saving 31, 680 kWh of electricity annually. The Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit recovered steam condensate for replenishing acid and alkali tanks in the workshops, saving water and steam consumption, with an annual water saving of about 6, 000 tonnes and a steam saving of about 700 tonnes. The factory continuously improved its carbon management performance through inspection and improvement to help the Group achieve its carbon neutrality target scientifically. During the year, the Beijing Factory of Chilled Product Business Unit obtained the certification of the group standard T CAS 612-2022 Carbon Neutrality Management System Requirements, becoming the first factory in the industry to obtain the carbon neutrality management system certification. In 2022, the factory had already received the PAS 2060 Carbon Neutrality and Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certificate from Germany s T V Rheinland and the Carbon Neutrality Certificate from China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange. Renewable Energy Utilization Target Carbon Neutrality Management System Certification Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certification Building Low-Carbon FactoriesMengniu increases its installed photovoltaic power capacity by 30 by the end of 2025 compared to 2023. During the year, the newly- installed capacity of photovoltaic power generation projects was 7. 46MW, with the cumulative installed photovoltaic power capacity reaching 22. 06MW, representing an increase of 51. 09 compared to 2022, and successfully achieved the renewable energy target set in 2022. In 2023, the Group's green electricity procurement reached 10. 82 million kWh, indicating a significant increase of 41 compared to 2022. 63 64 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu actively promotes employees to practice sustainable development strategy, encouraging green office, green business travel and green lifestyle actions among employees, and launching a series of environmental protection activities to promote employees awareness of low-carbon and environmental protection. During the year, the Company signed approximately 980, 000 contracts online. Mengniu launched a low-carbon business travel project, which identifies employees carbon reduction behaviors during business travel through reimbursement system orders and invoices. The Group encourages all employees to participate in low-carbon travel by giving shopping points as rewards. Low-Carbon Offices More than 260 carbon reduction initiatives have been implementedReducing GHG emissions by approximately 185, 000 tonnesIn order to improve employees awareness of low-carbon and environmental protection, Mengniu has launched the Mengniu s Talents on Action Mini Program, and carried out green-themed activities such as Creative Milk Boxes and Green Actions Checkpoint Activity. Among them, employees activities, such as clean-dish action, using own cup, bottle recycling and used clothing donation achieved carbon reduction of 4, 065 kg along the value chain. China Modern Dairy of Mengniu has pioneered the green cycle model of grass planting-dairy farming-manure treatment- biogas power generation-manure return to the farmland. By promoting the efficient use of clean energy, it successfully built a win-win model of cost reduction and green electricity self- consumption, exploring a green cycle development way for the industry. China Modern Dairy was awarded the first Low-Carbon Pasture Innovation Demonstration Base by the Beijing Low Carbon Agriculture Association, demonstrating its contribution on methane emission reduction, synergistic efficiency and high-quality development. Mengniu s Talents on Action Mini Program Building of Green-Cycle Pastures Mengniu pays attention to the environmental impacts of the value chain, incorporates the value chain carbon reduction into its dual-carbon strategy, and works together with stakeholders of the important components, such as the pasture, product and logistics, to explore low-carbon development and facilitate the green development of the industry. We are dedicated to the construction of low- carbon green pastures and continuously promote pasture carbon reduction in five aspects, including energy utilization, manure treatment, herd management, feed composition and structure, and ecological carbon fixation. In 2023, Mengniu has steadily promoted construction of its low-carbon pastures and continued to promote the replacement of coal boilers, water and electricity saving, and the use of new energy vehicles. More than 260 carbon reduction initiatives have been implemented, reducing GHG emissions by approximately 185, 000 tonnes. Low-Carbon Pastures 65 66 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Improving Energy Efficiency on Pastures The replacement of fossil energy in pastures by Mengniu has been expedited through the increased proportion of solar energy, geothermal energy, air energy and other clean energy. Mengniu actively guided pastures to adopt distributed photovoltaic power generation, realizing the power generation mode of self-use and excess electricity to the grid. Meanwhile, Mengniu is promoting continuous improvement of pastures digital and intelligent energy consumption management capabilities, optimize intelligent power-saving management mode, and facilitate the adoption of intelligent sound and light control systems to save energy. Managing and Optimizing Herd Structure Mengniu s cooperating pastures continued to optimize their herd management structure, increasing the efficiency of cow production capacity per unit by lowering the culling rate of dairy cows and scientifically advancing the first calving time of young cattle, to effectively reduce GHG emissions. Ecological Carbon Fixation While actively promoting decarbonization projects, we are also promoting the implementation of ecological carbon fixation in agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and grassland in cooperating pastures. Through afforestation, returning pasture to grassland, and desertification treatment, we have effectively facilitated the carbon reduction and low-carbon transformation of our industrial chain. In 2023, Mengniu promotes the biogas power generation to 120 million kWh from the pasturesReducing GHG emissions by about 66, 800 tonnesOptimizing Manure Management Practices Mengniu has continued to optimize the treatment of manure generated in its pastures to reduce carbon emission during the manure storage process. We promoted the use of new manure treatment processes in our pastures, such as the rapid manure drying system, which is able to reduce methane emissions by collecting and burn the methane gas produced by manure fermentation through closed-system treatment. Meanwhile, we actively promoted intelligent bio-fermentation cogeneration and vigorously promote biogas power generation. In 2023, Mengniu promotes the biogas power generation to 120 million kWh from the pastures, reducing GHG emissions by about 66, 800 tonnes. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero 67 68 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Intensive Transportation Mode Green Warehouse ConstructionOptimizing Transportation Structure Optimizing Transportation Route Replacement with New Energy VehiclesBased on the demand of distribution volume of outlets, Mengniu filters outlets that meet the standard of one-stop delivery, and adopts direct distribution from factories to avoid transshipment in warehouses and shorten the mileage of product transportation. Mengniu advocates energy-saving, land-saving, water-saving and material-saving in warehousing, and actively develops and makes full use of new energy sources. The Room Temperature Business Unit has launched a strategic cooperation with the railroad bureau and shipping company, designed 11 railroad transportation lines, and relying on 11 high-quality routes of sea transportation, continue to promote the volume of railroad and sea transportation. The Fresh Milk Business Unit has initiated a pilot project on air-to-rail transportation of goods and medium- to long- distance cargo, collaborating with planned logistics center and partners. This endeavor has resulted in an impressive cumulative mileage of approximately 113, 500 kilometers of air-to-rail transport, significantly reducing carbon emissions in the logistics and transportation process. The milk carriers in all pastures are equipped with GPS positioning systems, and their transportation routes are optimized annually to reduce unnecessary routes, thereby enhancing transportation efficiency. The Chilled Product Business Unit has completed the optimization of 60 transportation routes, reducing mileage by approximately 4, 690 kilometers and reducing GHG emissions by 2, 400 tonnes. We have prioritized the utilization of new energy vehicles, providing guidance to carriers in upgrading their transportation fleet through fuel substitution and energy efficiency improvement. During the year, the Room Temperature Business Unit has put 79 new energy vehicles into operation; the Chilled Product Business Unit upgraded 35 new energy vehicles for its urban distribution; the Ice Cream Product Business Unit completed the replacement of 38 lithium-powered forklift; Mengniu's cooperative pastures replace 28 fuel-powered milk carriers with gas-powered carriers, and 3 with electric vehicles, and 37 fuel pick-up vehicles with electric vehicles; in order to reduce energy use, Miaoke Landuo has switched the transporation vehicles for 2-25 C fresh cheese from low-temperature to room temperature transport while ensuring the temperature meets the storage requirements and is under the premise of the products quality. Mengniu has an extensive value chain logistics transportation network, covering the transportation of upstream raw materials and downstream products. The Company has prioritized carbon emissions in the logistics transportation process, progressively transitioning to electric vehicles for logistics operations, replacing fossil fuels with biomass fuels and optimizing the structure of transportation logistics to establish a more efficient and low-carbon logistics system. Meanwhile, we are actively developing green warehousing, supporting the construction of energy-saving and environmentally-friendly warehousing facilities, achieving green and low-carbon development in the transportation and storage stages of goods. Low-Carbon Logistics Mengniu inspects the environmental impact of its products from the entire life cycle perspective. Mengniu has launched various carbon-neutral products based on product carbon footprint calculations to lead a trend of low-carbon life and low-carbon consumption. Third-party Carbon Footprint Evaluation Product Carbon Neutrality CertificationMengniu actively explores opportunities for carbon reduction throughout the entire product life cycle and continuously reduce carbon footprints of its products. This year, the Company measured the carbon footprint of Shiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk (720ml). The measurement was made in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering stages of raw materials sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and retailing, use and final disposal. The Chilled Product Business Unit launched the Mengniu Yoyi C with new environmental plastic-reduced packaging, which adopts a label- free design, eliminates labels, and changes PS material to PP material, making it easier to be recycled, in respond to environmental policies and implementation of dual-carbon action, The carbon footprint of the product with new packaging has been reduced by 46. 62 compared with the previous packaging, and the product was awarded the Product Carbon Reduction Certificate. This year, three products under Mengniu's Deluxe, namely Deluxe Frozen Cheese Milk Ice Cream, Deluxe Strawberry Milk Ice Cream and Deluxe Vanilla-Flavored Milk Ice Cream, obtained Carbon Neutrality Certification. The carbon footprints of these products were measured in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products- Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services covering GHG emissions throughout the product's entire life cycle includes upstream raw material extraction and processing, raw material transportation, product manufacturing, product sales and transportation, product use and product disposal stages. CSLCP-2023-0098 The calculation is based on the data provided by the client, and Carbonstop is not responsible for the authenticity of the original data. g 5 100 g 5 Product Specification Zero Sucrose, 100 g bottle, one set contains 5 bottles (100g 5 bottles) Company Name Mengniu Gaoke Dairy Products (Beijing) Co., Ltd 2022 1 2022 10 Accounting Period From January to October, 2022 1 Company Address No. 1, Zone 1, Food Industrial Park, Tongzhou District, Beijing ISO 14067 2018 PAS 2050 ISO 14064-2 Accounting Standards ISO 14067 2018 & PAS 2050 & ISO 14064-2 C 0 Product Name YOYIC Zero Sucrose Original Flavor Active Type Lactic Acid Bacteria Drink 84. 31 gCO2e Product GHG emission reduction 84. 31 gCO2e set This is to certify that, by reducing plastic packaging, the GHG emission reduction of the YOYIC Zero Sucrose Original Flavor Active Type Lactic Acid Bacteria Drink packaging (raw material acquisition, manufacturing, transportation, use, waste disposal etc.) is 84. 31 gCO 2e set, and emissions reduce by 46. 62, compared with the original packaging. C 0 84. 31 gCO2e 46. 62 Low-Carbon Products The carbon footprint of the product with new packaging has been reduced by 46. 62 69 70 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Environmental Protection Management Action HonorsThe Company has invested RMB27. 45 million in ecological environmental protection All environmental protection indexes achieved 100 compliance Mengniu has optimized and updated the environmental online monitoring platform, integrating data channels and establishing a group-level pollutant discharge database to achieve streamlined data. In 2023, the Group conducted various energy-saving and environmental protection sessions, covering the interpretation of the 1 N environmental protection system, Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) and other related topics. These sessions were designed to comprehensively and systematically introduce energy-saving and environmental protection- related systems, regulations, measures, strategies, practice and cases studies, so as to continuously improve employees awareness of energy-saving and environmental protection issues, as well as their professional skills. The fourth Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit was awarded the TPM Excellence Award (Category B) from Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance. Green Operation Mengniu actively shoulders its responsibility for environmental protection, identifies and complies with the requirements of national laws and regulations related to environmental protection. With the assistance of third-party professiona and focusing on significant risks, Mengniu has ennhanced its safety and environmental management according to relevant regulations and mechanisms, as well as regulatory inspections of ecological environmental protection and other requirements. Environmental System Certification The coverage rate of ISO 14001 environmental management system certification for Mengniu's self-operated factories reached 100 With no serious non-conforming items identified during the auditFor general non-conforming items, the Group has completed 100 rectificationMengniu abides by the requirements of the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste and other laws and regulations, and has formulated the Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Management as the guideline for Mengniu s environmental protection. On this basis, the Group integrated its environmental protection management systems, including the Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge for Pollutant Discharge and the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System, and established the environmental protection 1 N system, comprising 1 comprehensive management system and 11 matching special processes, further clarifying the environmental protection responsibilities of the Group, functional departments, business units and factories. Meanwhile, Mengniu developed an internal management guide and review mechanism for ecological and environmental compliance, marking a significant milestone in strengthening the compliance management and control capacity of basic-level factories through self-assessment and self-review by the Group, business units and factories and promoted the development of environmental protection system management to centralization, standardization, systematization and process- orientation. During the year, Mengniu did not experience any significant environmental incidents. In order to effectively identify and manage environmental risks, Mengniu has established the Environmental Risk Map. The actions identified a total of 13 key ecological and environmental risks, which were subsequently incorporated into the risk map for dynamic tracking management. These risks encompass various categories such as compliant operation of pollution treatment facilities and environmental monitoring and management. Through the implementation of technological upgrades, infrastructure improvements, enhanced daily supervision and other measures, all 13 risks have been rectified and closured to ensure the stable operation of production and operation. For environmental emergencies, each factory of the Company has prepared the Environmental Emergency Response Plan, and conducts emergency response drills and training for environmental risks as per the planned schedule. Moreover, we have strengthened the regulation of factories in key ecological and environmental protection areas through reinforcing the control requirement and ensuring adequate funding investment. In 2023, the Company has invested RMB27. 45 million in ecological environmental protection and all environmental protection indexes achieved 100 compliance. Mengniu has been continuously enhancing the assessment of ecological and environmental protection, implementing a three-tier evaluation mechanism consisting of self-assessment at the factory level, random assessments by business units, and reassessment by the Group. This ensures the continuous improvement of the Group s environmental protection management system. Leveraging on the Environmental Risk Map and other management tools, Mengniu incorporated environmental risks identified during the audit, enabling the implementation of dynamic management. This resulted in achieving a PDCA6 closed-loop control, encompassing risk identification, plan formulation, process supervision, tracking and early warning, as well as risk rectification and closure. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu s Sustainable Development Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s water resource management issues. The Group entered into letters of commitment with the leads of each business units, tracking the achievement progress on a monthly and annual basis, and implements responsibilities through performance assessment and other measures. Mengniu conducted systematic management of its own water, and developed Watershed Risk Map and Watershed Risk Map to assess the water stress levels in the surrounding areas of its factories, enabling continuous enhancement of its water risk management practices. The assessment found that Mengniu's factories located near high-risk watersheds such as the Yellow River, Yellow Sea and East China Sea, and the Liao River are exposed to higher physical risks., By identifying and assessing water risks faced by factories, we help companies to identify priorities and locations for water risk response and better respond to water risk challenges, thereby laying a solid foundation for Mengniu's sustainable development. Mengniu takes the entire lifecycle of water resource usage into consideration, mapping out the Water Flow Map to identify potential opportunities for water saving and water environment protection. Mengniu further improved its water saving measures, explored water-saving opportunities and form Water Resource Risk Warning Map to guide the upgrades and implementation of water-saving technology. Watershed Risk MapWater Flow Map Water Use Management The Group adheres to the concept of Prioritizing Water Conservation and Balanced Development in order to effectively address the increasingly severe global water resources situation, and implements comprehensive management strategies for water resource conservation. We are actively mitigating the impact of our production operations on local water resources through the development of comprehensive Watershed Risk Map and Water Flow Map, implementation of the water-saving strategy, effective management of water footprint execution of impactful water conservation demonstrations and other related initiatives. In 2023, Mengniu withdrawed a total of 35. 20 million tonnes of water, and discharged 31. 70 million tonnes of water, saved 1. 06 million tonnes of water (including 0. 89 millon tonnes of social water savings). Meanwhile, Mengniu reused about 2. 04 million tonnes of reclaimed water, with a reclaimed water rate of 6. 44. This year, the water consumption per tonne of dairy product of Mengniu decreased by 3. 8 compared to 2020. By the end of 2023, a total of 23 legal entities of the Group were honored with the title of water-saving enterprise. opportunities of water savin g water consumption warnin gwater reusewater treatmentfresh wate r soft water pure wate r area of water use water treatment techniqueflow of waste wate r1. 9 laboratory12. 7 batching system0. 18 water for laboratory6. 51 water for greeningcleaning water reclaimed water waste water compliance dischargesecondary concentrated waterforward flushing waterbackwar d flushing watermultimedia filtrationpure water primary concentrated water10. 5 sanitizing system6. 25 cooling system4. 58 heating system6. 95 refrigerating system45. 5 CIP system reverse osmosis filtrationrefined filtrationsafeguard filtrationsoftening filtration73. 78 11. 62 14. 6 soft waterwaste water waste water treatmentpurchased steamboiler steamdeaerating process fresh watercondensed water 4. 93 water for domestic use 73 74 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero 3U Water-Saving Strategy Pilot Verification of Product Water Footprint Water Management CertificationWith the Save Use, Recycle Use and Common Use as the Group s water-saving strategies, Mengniu have incorporated the Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) methodology into its water-saving management. This integration has facilitated the establishment of a unified understanding of water conservation within the Group, guiding our efforts to conserve water through enhancements in our management system, formation of specialized technical teams, and utilization of intelligent metering instruments. Each business unit of the Group have been actively exploring the introduction of new technologies, methodologies and processes to systematically investigate the potential for water conservation, and to enhance the efficiency of water resource utilization through recycling and reusing of steam condensate, motor cooling water and reverse osmosis concentrated water. Mengniu has been steadily promoting the inspection of water footprints. In 2023, the product of Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit, namely Milk Deluxe (Dream Cap) Organic Pure Milk, obtained the first Water Footprint Verification Statement for organic pure milk in China. In addition, the Chilled Product Business Unit has established water consumption maps for each factory, sorting out the configuration of metering instruments and automatically collecting footprint data through digital technology, which is ultimately aggregated in the data center to calculate water consumption, so as to achieve comprehensive management of water footprint. Factory Water Conservation Practice Reuse of reclaimed water The Meishan Factory optimized water recycling technology and management, along with the establishment of the Multi-Tank CIP System, which can recycle reclaimed water into water tanks for flushing and reuse, saving approximately 60 tonnes of water per day. Optimize water treatment equipment Optimizing the water treatment equipment by adjusting the time interval for backward flushing, saving approximately 30 tonnes of water per backward flush. Implementation of the tube hardness control by softener Baotou and Gaoke Factories replaced the manual water output control management mode with controlling the hardness of the main tube, resulting in a reduction of resin tank cleaning frequency, achieving a reduction of 43 thousand tonnes per year in water discharge. The amount of water saved is approximately 6, 000 tonnes per year for Gaoke Factory, 10, 000 tonnes per year for the third Horinger factory and 3, 000 tonnes per year for Baotou Factory. Replacement of air-conditioning ice water with tap water Chabei Factory replaced air-conditioning ice water with tap water in its air-condition renovation project to reduce ice water consumption. In addition, the third Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit saved 57, 038 tons of water in 2023, Hengshui factory and the second Jiaozuo factory of Room Temperature Business Unit are in the process of constructing the AWS water management system to continuously improve the level of water resources management. AWS8 Water Management CertificationRoom Temperature Business Unit Pasture Water Conservation Practice Mengniu actively promotes intelligent water and electricity management projects in pastures. During the year, 64 water-saving projects were successfully implemented, covering 12 of cooperative pastures and saving a total of 2. 8 million tonnes of water per year. Mengniu promoted the adoption of intelligent wastewater reuse systems in pastures, which are capable of effectively purifying and recycling wastewater for ground cleaning and plant irrigation, saving more than 450 thousand tonnes of water annually. Mengniu guided certain cooperative pastures located in water-scarce areas with severe local soil erosion, aiming to reduce their reliance on wells. Mengniu further coordinated with local government and water companies to provide water for breeding, so as to avoid damage to the local ecology caused by overdrawing of water. The organization uses and promotes frameworks for sustainable water use and certifies and rewards good water management performance. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Wastewater and Waste Management Mengniu regarded wastewater and waste management as an important environmental action, strictly complied with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste and the Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage and other environmental regulatory requirements, and formulated the Wastewater Pollutant Management Procedures and Solid Waste Management Procedures to provide guidelines for the Group s wastewater and wastes disposal in compliance. Wastewater Management Waste Management The solid waste at Mengniu is strictly classifie, with a comprehensive categorization of different types of waste discharge and the establishment of a management list for the entire process of waste discharge. General waste and hazardous waste are handled by qualified disposers. In 2023, all factories of the Group had signed waste disposal contracts and conduct whole-process monitoring and management of the treatment and disposal process to ensure compliant disposal. During the year, 100 of the Group s wastewater treatment plants have achieved compliance with pollutant discharge standard In 2023, the Ice Cream Product Business Unit carried out the renovation of wastewater pipe network and the rainwater and wastewater diversion pipe network to improve wastewater management. Mewngniu is committed to advocating the certification of zero- waste management system. In 2023, Mengniu s, Gaoke Factory, Qingyuan Factory, Shangzhi Factory and 2 Meishan Factory, totaling five factories, were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system. Mengniu actively engages in the construction of zero-waste factory to reduce the environmental pollution of solid waste through source reduction, process control and end treatment. In 2023, 9 factories were recognized as Zero-waste Factory demonstration units. This activity adhered to the principles of source reduction, reuse and recycling, and incorporates the concept of Zero-waste into employees behaviors from the perspectives of sustainable office environment, low-carbon public operations, and green work and lifestyle, so as to advocate a low-carbon office and lifestyle. During the activity, we also organized interactive games such as garbage sorting and sustainable development knowledge questions and answers to improve employees awareness of sustainable development. In 2023, the Group promoted the adoption of low-temperature drying technology for sludge drying in 2 Room Temperature Business Unit s plants in Bameng and Suqian. This project effectively reduces sludge disposal in wastewater treatment plants by over 80 achieves an annual cost savings of 85. In accordance with the requirements of Shanghai Sponge City Planning and Construction Management Measures, Mengniu s Milkground has built a sponge city rainwater system for the Shanghai Intelligent Featured Cheese Production and Processing Project. The system is capable of managing runoff, mitigating non-point source pollution, and facilitating the utilization of rainwater resources in order to minimize the impact of project development on the regional water environment. The rainwater purified by the system complies with the water quality requirements specified in the Engineering Technical Specification for Rain Utilization in Building and Apartment Complexes, making it suitable for green irrigation and cleaning purposes within the factory premises. Pipe Network RenovationZero-waste Management System Zero-waste Factory Zero-waste Day Theme Activity Mengniu LIFE Boot Market Thematic Activity Optimizing Wastewater Treatment Process Sponge City Project5 factories were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system 9 units recognized as Zero-waste Factory demonstration units Food Loss and Waste Reduction Mengniu actively reduces food loss and waste. Mengniu take reducing milk wastage as an important part of its production management. In addition, we optimized the handling of finished products to avoid food waste due to product disposal. Throughout the year, Mengniu optimized the online pollutant monitoring system by enhancing the clarity of the abnormal data reporting process and the disposal plan to ensure that the pollutant discharge is in line with the standard. On this basis, Mengniu continued to refine its wastewater management, and carried out various initiatives, including the pipe network renovation, to reduce environmental pollution. During the year, all of the Group s wastewater treatment plants have achieved compliance with pollutant discharge standard. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero In response to the national call to reduce food waste, Mengniu participated in the Join Action to Reduce Food Waste project initiated by the China Chain Store and Franchise Association and Walmart China, and became one of the pioneering member of the project. June Environment Day Mengniu actively shoulders its corporate responsibility and continues to play a leading role in the industry by advocating for food waste reduction and contributing to the establishment of a resource-saving society. In 2023, the consolidated milk loss rate of the Room Temperature Business Unit witnessed a decline of 0. 013 compared to 2022. Recycle Mengniu integrates the concept of recycle into the whole lifecycle of packaging research and development, design, application and disposal, and continues to reduce the environmental impact of packaging waste. Green Packaging Design Under the concept of circular economy, Mengniu has developed the 4R1D packaging strategy (Reduce - Reducing packaging materials usage; Recycle - Promoting recycling; Reuse - Using reusable design; Renew - Applying renewable materials; Degradable - Using degradable materials) around the goals of governing environmental pollution, protecting the Earth s resources and achieving net-zero emissions. Mengniu s Milk Deluxe optimizes and changes packaging box type of e-commerce channels, reduces the use of gaskets and circulation boxes to make the products fit more closely with their outer boxes, improving the anti-pressure performance of packaging boxes while decreasing the costs of packaging accessories. This initiative is expected to reduce annual paper consumption by 16, 588 tonnes, which is equivalent to reducing cutting down 45, 446 20-year-old trees per year. The 4R1D Packaging StrategyReduce - Reducing packaging materials usage Recycle - Promoting recycling Renew - Applying renewable materialsReuse - Using reusable design Degradable - Using degradable materials 79 80 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Recycle Promoting Recycling Reuse Using Reusable DesignPackaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and all consumer goods industries in practicing environmental protection. Mengniu's various products on the market are packaged in recyclable materials, including PET and paper-based packaging. Mengniu uses polypropylene (PP) as raw materials for recycled boxes packaging to realize the greening, minimization and recycling of the recycled boxes. Through this program, Mengniu pulls upstream suppliers, factories, recycled container service providers, trunk logistics providers, distributors, urban distribution logistics providers, merchants and stores to explore and apply circular economy together. Mengniu's Chilled Product, Room Temperature, Fresh Milk and other business units have applied PP recycled boxes to a variety of product lines, with an annual usage of approximately 740, 000 boxes, significantly reducing the amount of cardboard boxes used. In 2023, Mengniu's PP recycled boxes project was awarded the Carbon Footprint Certificate and shortlisted for the British Chamber of Commerce Shanghai's circular economy excellence case. Mengniu s Yoyi C Zero Sucrose Active Probiotic Beverage uses rPETG recycling and shrinkage labels, with the addition of 30 recyclable PET, reducing virgin plastic by 7. 6 tonnes, and reducing GHG emission by 11. Renew Applying Renewable Materials Degradable Using Degradable Materials Mengniu is committed to using renewable resources in packaging such as paper, bamboo fiber, plant-based plastics, to reduce the use of petroleum-based plastics and reliance on fossil resources. Mengniu uses degradable materials for packaging components such as straws and spoons, which are easy to scatter and difficult to recycle, to lower the cost of material disposal and achieve dual improvements in environmental protection and economic benefits. Desert Organic Pure Milk of Mengniu s Milk Deluxe brand adopts plant-based cap, and the paper-based bottle body does not contain a bleach-coated layer, which is approximately 3 lighter than packages made from normal packaging materials, and 8 lower carbon footprint compared to similar packages. In 2023, this packaging was awarded the M. Success China Packaging Innovation & Sustainable Development Award. In 2023, this packaging was awarded the M. Success China Packaging Innovation & Sustainable Development Award. Mengniu has developed PLA9 PBS10 straws which exhibit no significant difference in performance and quality compared to conventional PP straws within a 6-month shelf-life, meeting the compliance and key performance standard requirements. Mengniu s, Little Shiny Meadow 450ml, is designed with an innovative bottle structure that reduces the original PET bottle weight from 36g to 32g, which reduces packaging cost and enhances the bottle's anti-negative pressure performance, as well as increases the fun of the design, forming a significant difference from similar products in the market. Mengniu s, Fruit Milk Drink uses new polymer barrier materials to replace the aluminum foil layer in Combi packs, reducing the amount of metal used in packaging and 30 reduction in GHG emissions. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Industry Recognition and Cooperation Mengniu enhances industry communication and cooperation, actively participates in the formulation and revision of national and industry standards related to packaging, and conducts sustainable product packaging certification to ensure the compliance with diverse standards. Mengniu cooperates with the national supervision and management requirements, utilizes the resources and platforms of associations, societies, chambers of commerce and other groups, to actively expresses opinions and provide professional support, promoting the improvement of the industry s professional level. In 2023, Mengniu participated in the formulation and revision of more than 20 national mandatory standards, including the General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food, General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food Nutrition and General technical requirements of blow mould for lightweight PET bottle. The Gold Design Rules is a set of product packaging design principle introduced by CGF11 to accelerate the process of using less plastic, better plastic, remove the disadvantages of plastics in the recycling process, and to realize the plastics circular economy. In 2023, CGF released the Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, and four products were selected, including Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk series, Future Star Miaodiandian Milk Beverage 180ml, becoming the pioneering demonstration of carbon- reducing and environmentally-friendly packaging. In 2020, under the leadership of the Green Recycled Plastics Supply Chain Joint Working Group, as a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which fills the gap of the standards for the easy-to-collect and easy-to-recycle design of plastic products in China. In 2023, the packaging of Mengniu s Fruit Milk Drink and Yoyi C has been awarded the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E certification) by T V Rheinland. Double- E Certification Mengniu's Product Packaging s' Design Included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets Recognition T V, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Utilisation and application requires prior approval. T CRRA 0302-2020 DE-032-0008023-01 PET 2022-12-15 2027-12-14 2023-03-01 15 4 3 301 12 1203, 100176 Recycling Practices In addition to packaging design, Mengniu continues to optimize packaging recycling management and carry out packaging recycling practices. Mengniu adds recycling labels to different categories of packaging to help consumers categorize waste and promote package recycling. This project is dedicated to recycling milk tetra packs and reprocessing them into reusable stuffs and materials, such as trash bins, paper, building boards. The recyclable bins are currently introduced in 34 factories to encourage employees to sort their waste, promote recycling and reduce overall waste production within the factories. Recyclable Bin Project Mengniu uses recycled plastic bottles to make scarves, and incorporates Mengniu's GREEN sustainability culture elements into the scarves to convey Mengniu's green sustainability concept. Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, Please scan the QR code, follow us on WeChat 324 Main Street PO Box 1353 Laurel, MD 20725 USA Our O ces Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable SDGs We Focused in this Section Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity ConservationMengniu insists on practicing the concept of sustainable development together with upstream and downstream partners in the supply chain. While jointly creating commercial value, Mengniu promotes the development path of economic benefits, social benefits, and environmental benefits. Under the Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable pillar of the GREEN strategy, Mengniu focuses on three key topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture, and biodiversity conservation, and is committed to leading upstream and downstream partners to jointly create a sustainable industrial ecosystem through a series of targeted supply chain management initiatives. The total number of suppliers was 1, 214, including a total of 1, 199 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 15 overseas suppliers. The internal assessment coverage rate of raw and auxiliary material suppliers has reached 100. All strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material have completed the Sedex SAQ questionnaire, and a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed the SMETA third party audits. Trainings on dairy product quality culture cultivation and quality management of purchased materials have reached 100 of Mengniu's raw and auxiliary material suppliers. A total of 26 cooperative farms have obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certification. The impact level of heat stress on dairy cattle has decreased by 5 compared to 2022. Silage comprehensive index has increased by 1 compared to 2022. cooperative farms won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs, and a total of 48 farms have been awarded this title. All cooperative farms have implemented the resourceful utilization of manure. All product carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper. Through cooperation with major multinational grain merchants, COFCO International, a major supplier of soybean meal to Ai Yang Niu (aiyangniu. cn, the procurement platform used by Modern Dairy of Mengniu), has achieved traceability to farms of all directly sourced soybeans from Matopiba, the major soybean production region in Brazil. Modern Dairy and China Shengmu of Mengniu, have reached agreements on intended orders of approximately 50, 000 tonnes and 12, 000 tonnes of zero deforestation soybeans with COFCO International, respectively, requiring that the soybeans purchased must comply with the zero deforestation criteria set by Mengniu and COFCO International. The proportion of palm oil procured by the Group during the year that was traceable to refineries, palm oil mills and plantations was 100, 80 and 73 respectively. Highlights in 2023 Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation 85 86 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Supply Chain Responsibility ManagementMengniu takes building a responsible supply chain as an important development concept, continuously extends the influence and coverage of the Group's sustainable procurement standards in the upstream and downstream supply chains and is committed to driving the sustainable development of the whole industry. Mengniu joined the Sedex12 responsible business platform, practiced the concept of leading responsible procurement to create an environmentally friendly and socially responsible supply chain jointly with upstream and downstream partners Mengniu adheres to the procurement principles of open, fair, equitable, and integrity and continuously strengthens the construction of the supplier responsibility management system. The total number of Mengniu's suppliers was 1, 214As of December 31, 2023 Including a total of 1, 199 suppliers in the Chinese mainlandOverseas suppliers 15The Supplier Code of Conduct covers the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Implementing the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy Framework, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Core Conventions of the International Labor Organization and other international standards and criteria. Supplier Code of Conduct Supplier Management Requirement Management system Free-chosen employment relationship Working hours Prohibition of discrimination Formal employment Prohibition of harsh or inhumane treatment Right to work Environmental management Business ethics Respect for the freedom of association and the right of collective bargaining Safe and hygienic working conditions Child labor and underage workers Wages and benefits Major Issues in the Suppliers Code of Conduct Mengniu keeps improving the whole-process management mechanism of suppliers. The results of this evaluation serve as the primary basis for supplier performance grading, daily evaluation, as well as quality improvement and enhancement. The performance evaluation is conducted once a year. Admission regulations Daily evaluationFile managementOn-site assessment Quality auditVerification upon arrivalSelection of suppliers Targeted improvementAll new suppliers are required to complete a supplier access assessment prior to collaboration. In addition, we require suppliers to have at least one quality management system certification at the time of admission, such as ISO 9001 and ISO 22000. During cooperation, we set up annual supplier assessment plan and carry out targeted quality inspection based on the quality risk level of suppliers. In accordance with supplier management rules, we have established specialized task forces for different projects to undertake targeted improvement efforts. Quality performance evaluation Performance optimization 89 90 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Recognizing that a long-term and stable supply chain is crucial for improving business performance and stability, Mengniu is dedicated to establishing a comprehensive and dynamically adjustable ESG risk management system for its supply chain. Supply Chain ESG Risk Management Mengniu establishes and maintains the Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain ESG Risk List and the Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form to identify key risk points within procurement activities. This ensures the continuous effectiveness of our risk inventory. In respect of capacity building, Mengniu continues to promote the ESG risk identification capability of the procurement management department and establishes a bottom-up risk identification and reporting mechanism. We have dedicated procurement risk management personnel who periodically report to the Group's risk control department. This approach enhances the resilience and flexibility of our supply chain risk strategies. Through this process, we aim to classify suppliers based on their risk levels and sustainable development capabilities by conducting pre-screenings of supplier risks and assessing the maturity of their environmental and social management systems. In 2023, all the Mengniu s strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material completed the SAQ, and none of the strategic suppliers suffered from termination of cooperation due to substandard evaluation results. In addition, we keep promoting the third party SMETA15 responsible supply chain assessment. In 2023, a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed SMETA assessment. ESG Risk Identification ESG Risk Response ESG Risk Assessment 13 Strategic suppliers suppliers that have a significant impact on Mengniu based on the comprehensive evaluation with reference to the quantitative analysis of all suppliers' innovation ability, cost control ability, industry status and ESG management ability by purchasing management department of Mengniu. Sedex SAQ (Self-Assessment Questionnaire) It's a supplier self-assessment questionnaire issued by the Sedex platform, which integrates the risk levels of suppliers' sustainable development and the maturity of their management systems and classifies suppliers by star-rating criteria. SMETA (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit) social responsibility supply chain audit It is a supplier audit standard adopted by the Sedex platform, which contains detailed requirements for suppliers on protection of labor rights, occupational health and safety, environment, and business ethics. Before the risk assessment, we comprehensively consider factors such as the supplier's region and industry, category and quality of the supplied material, environmental impact, commercial stability, and social responsibility with reference to the Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form. Through the risk factor assessment process and risk assessment model, we categorize the level of ESG risk impact posed by suppliers and their materials and formulate corresponding management and control principles and assessment items to ensure targeted ESG risk assessment is carried out. In the risk assessment process, we conduct a variety of supplier assessment based on the supplier s category and the level of ESG risk impact posed by their materials. For domestic suppliers, we conduct on-site assessment in accordance with the Group's assessment standards and the requirements of the Supplier Code of Conduct. The assessment contents include, but not limited to, the inspection of suppliers' environmental assessment reports, pollution permits, the dosage of food additives in raw materials, food safety hazards in packaging materials, and child labor prevention measures. For foreign suppliers, we conduct assessment through remote desk assessments to check their qualification information and certification status and engage external auditors to perform on-site assessment when necessary. For suppliers of raw materials and auxiliary materials that come into direct contact with product contents, we conduct on-site sampling of materials during the supplier qualification assessment. Before the assessment ends, we submit the samples to a third-party for indicator verification. Conformity inspections are carried out according to national product standards, registered enterprise standards, as well as Mengniu's quality standards and only materials that pass the inspection can supply to Mengniu. By the end of 2023, the internal assessment rate of our raw and auxiliary material suppliers reached 100. After the risk assessment, we identify suppliers with significant ESG risks and low business stability. If the supplier s assessment result does not meet our standards, we will offer the supplier a rectification opportunity with defined timeframe and initiate a corresponding review process. If the supplier violates the unacceptable terms in the assessment or fails to meet Mengniu s minimum ESG requirements after rectification, we will terminate the cooperation with the supplier. In addition, based on the ESG risk assessment results, we provide specified improvement plans to suppliers and assist them in enhancing their sustainable development capabilities through various empowerment training and support projects. For more information on the empowerment training and support programs we provide to our suppliers, please refer to the section headed Supplier Empowerment and Support in this report. In 2023, a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed SMETA assessmentIn 2023, all the Mengniu s strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material completed the SAQ, and none of the strategic suppliers suffered from termination of cooperation due to substandard evaluation resultsPrior to Assessment During AssessmentAfter Assessment 91 92 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu attaches great importance to the common development with suppliers and continues to provide specified resources and assistance for suppliers. Each year, we organize all suppliers to participate in special training activities such as whole-lifecycle quality management, safe production management requirements, quality management of purchased materials, and quality culture cultivation. Special Training for Suppliers Special Trainings for Procurement Management PersonnelWe conducted training on Mengniu quality culture and quality management of purchased materials. The training coverage rate for Mengniu s suppliers of raw and auxiliary material reached 100. We conducted special training activities on microbial management of raw materials and foreign matter control. The training coverage rate for Mengniu s suppliers of specific categories reached 100. We conducted 115 ESG management training and empowerment projects covering raw milk quality control, farm environmental impact management, animal welfare and other topics. The training coverage rate for Mengniu s raw milk suppliers reached 100. Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Raw Milk Supplier ManagementMengniu regards promoting anti-corruption work in the supply chain as an important way to ensure the compliance and operation of the Group. By implementing an institutionalized management model, we realize a closed-loop management of the entire compliance process and procedures for suppliers' cooperation throughout all stages before, during, and after collaboration, effectively preventing and mitigating the risks of corruption in the supply chain. Mengniu strictly prohibits all forms of bribery and corruption and conducts annual anti-corruption supervision and audits of suppliers to verify their integrity and compliance. By the end of 2023, all suppliers of Mengniu have signed the Sunshine Agreement. Meanwhile, Mengniu continuously reinforces the promotion of its anti-corruption and compliance culture, urges suppliers to adhere to the anti-corruption and compliance requirements for Mengniu's business partners, to promote the construction of a compliant supply chain, while elevating the level of compliant operations within the dairy industry. For the supplier who violates the principle of integrity and the terms of the Sunshine Agreement, or causes significant economic, brand, reputation, or other losses to Mengniu, we will terminate the cooperation and add the supplier to blacklist. Among these, suppliers blacklisted due to violations of the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently banned, while other blacklisted suppliers will be banned for five years. In addition, Mengniu continuously set up channels for reporting and complaining about supplier integrity issues. Relying on the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy, Mengniu assists farms in establishing their quality and safety system. Further, the management dimensions cover 12 subdivided management modules, such as primary selection and on-boarding of farms, dairy cattle feeding management, dairy cattle health management, raw milk production management, storage and refrigeration management, and quality supervision of farm inputs. By the end of 2023, Mengniu s all newly admitted farms have implemented the management requirements specified in the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy. Additionally, we have formulated the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Milk Source Farms of Mengniu, strictly regulating the standardized operating procedures of the farm, covering various processes such as farm design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, herd management and milk parlor management. By the end of 2023, we have conducted quality assessments on a total of 254 cooperative farms and promptly resolved any issues exposed during the assessments through on-site guidance and process validation, effectively improving the quality of raw milk supply. By the end of 2023, Mengniu s all newly admitted farms have implemented the management requirements specified in the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management PolicyBy the end of 2023, we have conducted quality assessments on a total of 254 cooperative farms 93 94 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Agriculture Animal WelfareMengniu is committed to promoting the development of ecological circular agriculture in upstream farms and promoting the green and low-carbon development of farms. In 2023, a total of 26 cooperative farms of Mengniu obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certification. Mengniu regards ensuring the welfare of farm animals as an important part of developing sustainable agriculture. Our objective is to collaborate with our cooperative farms to continually enhance the welfare standards for dairy cows. A total of 26 cooperative farms of Mengniu obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certificationIn 2023 Mengniu aspires to collaborate with its farm partners in actively promoting the effective experiences of the Five Welfares, eradicating practices that violate the Five Freedoms, and continuously improve animal welfare. We have formulated the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattle in Farm as the core standard for building an animal welfare system and guiding farms to improve animal welfare levels. Meanwhile, Mengniu participates in the compilation of animal welfare-related group standards such as Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows, Regulations for Quality and Production of Whole Corn Silage and Heat Stress Prevention and Control Standard for Dairy Cattle, facilitating the implementation of 6 SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures), including milk hall management, calf rearing, nutritional management, breeding management, veterinary care, and equipment management. Promotion of Animal Welfare StandardsMengniu and farms advocate and abide by the internationally recognized Five Freedoms of animal welfare Mengniu and its farms strive to ensure that animals in the supply chain receive the Five Welfares Freedom from hunger and thirst Freedom to live comfortablyFreedom from pain, injury, and illness Freedom to express its natureFreedom to live without fear and sadnessFive Freedoms Five Welfares Ensuring that cows at different physiological stages are provided with the necessary food and water to maintain good health and energy. Ensuring that cows are not subject to additional pain, monitoring their health status, preventing diseases, and treating for sick cows in a timely manner. Physiological welfare Environment welfare Health welfare Behavioral welfare Psychological welfare 95 96 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Promote the standard operating procedures for perinatal health care of dairy cows in farms, covering 80 of our farms The impact level of heat stress on cows has decreased by 5 compared to 2022Carry out comfort improvement project for dairy cows among socialized farms, covering more than 60 of our farms Silage comprehensive index17 has increased by 1 compared to 2022In 2023, the animal welfare level of Mengniu cooperative farms continued to improve, with notable enhancements in the following indicators Mengniu provides guidance on animal welfare protection in cooperative farms, organizes annual animal welfare related trainings, and ensures that the trainings cover Mengniu s employees, cooperative farms, and herdsmen. Mengniu focuses on the principle of Reduced Use and No Antibiotics for veterinary drug control and carries out the Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs Reduction Action for cooperative farms. All veterinarians in the farms are required to strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations on veterinary drug control and sign the Quality and Safety Assurance Commitment. Focusing on the themes of standardized use, dynamic testing, disease reduction, reduction and strong empowerment, we have implemented a series of animal drug control measures to guide the scientific and compliant use of drugs in farms. By the end of 2023, Mengniu has guided and facilitated 26 cooperative farms to receive the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs, with a total of 48 farms have been awarded this title. Management of Veterinary Drug Use 16 Silage comprehensive index refers to the comprehensive quality score of silage obtained through the silage comprehensive evaluation system, taking into account the scoring items such as process quality, physical sensory, nutritional composition and health index risk of the whole corn silage production process. By the end of 2023, Mengniu has guided and facilitated 26 cooperative farms to receive the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs With a total of 48 farms have been awarded this titleAll veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage. Dosed cattle must be marked differently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period. Farms are required to establish a comprehensive list of veterinary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicated roles to manage them. Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management Five Measures for Veterinary Medicine ManagementRegulate the use of other types of veterinary drugs and ensure that the use is in strict compliance with the product labels and instructions in terms of the scope of animals, indications, usage and dosage, withdrawal period, etc. Meanwhile, Mengniu conducts annual trainings on the proper use of veterinary drugs, aiming to guide the scientific and standardized use of veterinary drugs on farms and strengthen the management of both veterinary drugs and other chemicals. The trainings cover laws and regulations related to veterinary drugs, the safe use of veterinary drugs, the management of dosed cattle, the detection and identification of risky veterinary drugs, and other related content. In 2023, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugs, covering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners. In 2023, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugsCovering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners 97 98 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Regenerative Agriculture Management Mengniu explores and practices renewable agriculture from two aspects strengthening farm environmental management and promoting the recycling of natural resources on farms. Mengniu requires the cooperative farms to strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations on farm environmental protection. In addition, we advocate for cooperative farms to establish a tailored base management system that incorporates environmental factors, with the aim of continuously strengthening the management of pollutants such as wastewater, waste gas, noise, and solid waste generated on the farms, ultimately minimizing the negative environmental impact of the raw milk production process. Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to locally sourced feed such as corn kernels, silage, and corn stalks from the surrounding areas of the farms. Mengniu actively responds to China s 14th Five-Year Plan, continues to promote the utilization of farm manure resources, and strives to achieve a virtuous ecological cycle within the farm. In 2023, all cooperative farms of Mengniu have implemented the utilization of manure resources, which can be used as bedding materials for cows, solid or liquid organic fertilizers, biomass fuels, biogas production, aquaculture feed, etc. Strengthen Farm Environmental Management Resourceful Utilization of ManureChina Shengmu of Mengniu fully leverages the industrial advantages of Integrating Seeding and Breeding to optimize resource allocation. It recycles manure generated during the cattle breeding process to achieve a harmonious coexistence with nature. Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously optimizes its manure management model and constructs a green industrial chain featuring a Planting and Breeding Cycle. This cycle consists of five key steps Feed planting - Dairy farming - Manure treatment - Manure return to the farmland (Biogas power generation) - Feed planting. Relying on the Planting and Breeding Cycle model, Modern Dairy further explores the potential for resource utilization of biogas fertilizer. The remaining residue from biogas power generation and biogas slurry are returned to the field. Large field crops such as corn and wheat are planted in the surrounding areas of the farms, as well as economic crops such as tea and fruits, forming a circular organic agriculture planting path from biogas fertilizer to six types of forage, fruits and vegetables, and grains. Meanwhile, Modern Dairy and Central Southern China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd. of China Power Engineering Consulting Group jointly launched the RNG (Renewable Natural Gas) cogeneration project. This project generates electricity from manure and utilizes renewable energy sources like solar and wind power to replace conventional fossil fuels. This approach offers clean, safe, and cost-effective electricity for the farms, realizing the complementary strengths of various resources. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity Conservation Mengniu has always adhered to the biodiversity conservation vision of From the Nature for the Future and insist the sustainable utilization of ecological resources. In 2023, we focused on the promotion and application of the Forest Protection Policy in suppliers and partner farms to reduce supply chain deforestation and forest degradation risks through two main directions, namely, controlling commodities with deforestation risk and the co-construction of forest protection in the industry. Mengniu combed through the deforestation risks in the supply chain and identified timber products, soybean products and palm oil as the main driving factors that may cause deforestation risk in the value chain. In 2023, we partnered with the Earthworm Foundation21 on the topic of sustainable palm oil procurement, bringing in external expertise and digital analytics initiatives to comprehensively assess the deforestation risks of our palm oil procurement, and developing a feasible pathway to achieve the goal of zero deforestation for palm oil procurement. Commodity Control of Deforestation Risk 18 The Rainforest Alliance of World Economic Forum (WEF) It is an international rainforest conservation organization that advances the sustainable management of rainforests and the development of communities around forests by promoting cooperation between businesses and governments. Members of the Working Group are committed to sourcing and using the sustainable sources of timber, palm oil, and other forest commodities. RSPO (Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil) It is an international organization consisting of palm oil producers, traders, consumers and environmental protection organizations, with the aim of maintaining the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) cultivation, processing and trade links, and progressively achieving the sustainable development of palm oil products. Earthworm Foundation It is an international, non-profit, non-governmental organization that helps companies obtain professional guidance and support on sustainable sourcing, production, and supply chain management by developing targeted solutions to the risk of deforestation. FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) It is an international management organization for forest sustainable development that encourages companies to implement sustainable forest management models by certifying forest management and timber products, so as to protect biodiversity and the rights of the communities where forests locate. PEFC (Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification) It is an international non-profit, non-governmental organization that strives for sustainable forest management through independent third-party forest certification. Paper is a packaging material used extensively by Mengniu. In 2023, 89. 1 of the virgin paper we purchased for inner packaging has obtained the FSC certification, an increase of 7. 1 compared to 2022. Meanwhile, all the carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper. Timber ProductsVision From the Nature for the Future Striving to reduce threats to biodiversitySustainably using biodiversity resourcesBuilding consensus on biodiversity To implement ecological conservation and preservation of milk source areasTo practice environment-friendly green productionTo promote the whole industrial chain to move towards carbon neutralityTo develop sustainable planting and breedingFive actionsThree methods Eight commitmentsTo reach a consensus on biodiversity among relevant parties Take positive actions to promote ecosystem restoration of cooperative farms All operation sites are conserved ecologically in an effective and equal manner Reduce pollution from various sources such as wastewater, waste gas and waste residue Actively respond to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissionsSustainably utilize biodiversity and promote productivity enhancement in farming and animal husbandry Create a sustainable dairy supply chain and reduce upstream biodiversity risks Advocate consumers to buy green products and reduce food waste Strengthen public awareness of biodiversity conservation together with stakeholders 101 102 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable We have joined the World Economic Forum's 1t. org China Action initiative, aiming to help restore, protect and plant one trillion trees globally, thereby making Mengniu's contribution to the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration (2021-2030). By the end of 2023, relying on the desert control project carried out in Ulan Buh Desert in the past, China Shengmu of Mengniu has planted more than 98 million plants adapted to sandy soils. China Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously explores effective forest ecological protection measures, planting trees suitable for local climate and soil conditions on unused land within its farms. This achieves an annual carbon sequestration capacity of approximately 2, 600 tonnes, thereby actively contributing to preserving the ecological environment around the farms and creating forest-friendly, low-carbon farms. In 2023, Mengniu officially launched the Mengniu FoRest environmental protection program to actively response to the national policies on making ecological progress, undertake corporate environmental responsibilities, and promote the forest positive strategy. In corporation with NBA and China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), Mengniu planted trees to record and commemorate the wonderful moments of sports and space explorations, thus making valuable contributions to promoting the forest restoration and protection, regional biodiversity, and desertification control. Co-Construction of Forest Conservation in the Industry China Shengmu of Mengniu has planted more than 98 million plantsThe upstream farms of Mengniu use soybean meal25 as cattle feed. In 2023, soybean meal purchases accounted for approximately 7 of the total feed purchased by Mengniu's cooperative farms. In addition, through cooperation with major multinational grain merchants, COFCO International, a major supplier of soybean meal to Ai Yang Niu (aiyangniu. cn, the procurement platform used by Modern Dairy of Mengniu), has achieved traceability to farms of all directly sourced soybeans from Matopiba, the major soybean production region in Brazil. Part of Mengniu's products use palm oil as a raw material for production. In 2023, Mengniu's revenue from products with palm oil accounted for approximately 1 of the Group's annual revenue. In our efforts to increase the traceability of palm oil, we have collaborated with the Earthworm Foundation to undertake traceability enhancement project on the origin of palm oil purchased for Mengniu's main business operations in mainland China. In 2023, we identified that the palm oil we procured originated from Malaysia and Indonesia. Specifically, 100 of the palm oil can be traced back to the refinery, 80 to the palm oil mill, and 73 to the plantation. In terms of purchasing certified palm oil, we aim to mitigate the risk of deforestation by sourcing RSPO- certified palm oil. In 2023, we purchased 200 tons of RSPO-certified palm oil. Soybean Products Palm Oil Mengniu, together with Modern Dairy and China Shengmu, jointly formulated the Soybean - Zero Deforestation Joint Action Plan for Dairy Industry Chain. The plan aims to contribute to the achievement of our zero deforestation goal in 2030 through a series of measures, including the development of a zero deforestation target and pathway planning, the implementation of a soybean reduction and substitution strategy, the promotion of the zero deforestation soybean procurement principle, the priority procurement of soybeans from low-risk regions, and the procurement of certified soybeans. In 2023, Modern Dairy and China Shengmu of Mengniu, have reached agreements on intended orders of approximately 50, 000 tonnes and 12, 000 tonnes of zero deforestation soybeans with COFCO International, respectively. Additionally, a third-party verification report must be provided, guaranteeing that there has been no deforestation in the soybean production areas since December 31, 2020. As the first 'zero-deforestation' soybean order in China's dairy industry, this partnership serves as a powerful advocate for sustainable bulk agricultural trade practices. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity Conservation Practices Mengniu attaches great importance to biodiversity conservation along the value chain, and actively responds to the concepts and development goals specified in the white paper Biodiversity Conservation in China, explores the path of biodiversity conservation, gives full play to the influence of the brand, assumes more corporate social responsibility, and actively practices the biodiversity conservation strategy. Through the combination of reality show and documentary, it explored in depth the representative regions such as Hoh Xil in Qinghai, Ulan Buh in Inner Mongolia, and Houhai Village in Hainan, and guided the audience to pay attention to the status quo of wildlife protection and biodiversity challenges in seven different ecological environments, including plateau, grassland, desert, ocean, and city. The program not only allow the audience to immerse themselves in the ongoing ecological and environmental events, but also lead them to understand and pay attention to biodiversity conservation and contribute to building a better ecological environment on the earth. The goal was to maintain clean riverbanks by promptly cleaning up and sorting through garbage such as plastic bags, food packaging boxes, and other debris scattered along the riverside. Through this event, we aim to promote and showcase Mengniu's commitment to ecological and environmental protection while encouraging more participants to engage in the public welfare undertaking of ecological and environmental protection. The project collected ecological conservation-related cases from 106 nature schools 26, summarizing and demonstrating the experiences and practices of past schools in areas such as climate change response, biodiversity conservation and rural revitalization, and promoting the theoretical exploration and practical development of ecological and environmental education. Milk Deluxe's Milk Deluxe All the Way Forward Ecological and Environmental Protection Column Clean Beaches Campaign on 5 June, the Environment Day Nature Education Ecological Conservation Case Collection 26 Nature school refers to an ecological and environmental protection pilot school with one classroom, one team of environmental protection teachers, and one set of environmental protection courses to help young people and the public understand the importance of the ecological environment, learn the knowledge and skills of ecological environmental protection, and cultivate their awareness and action to actively participate in ecological environmental protection. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Released the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy, which is committed to strengthening management transparency while advocating industry partners to jointly focus on public nutrition and health issues. Self-developed human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) received approval from the National Health Commission of the People s Republic of China, making Mengniu the only Chinese company to receive the first batch of approvals. laboratories have obtained CNAS certification and 24 laboratories have certified by ISO IEC 17025 2018, and have the test ability of 1, 561 items. Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards. A total of 7 trainings were held to continuously strengthen the promotion of responsible marketing. Highlights in 2023 Excellent Quality Good ServicesNutrition and Health SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu is committed to providing consumers around the world with nutritious and delicious dairy products of excellent quality, conveying the concept of nutrition and health to the public and popularizing nutritious and healthy living. Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, excellent quality and good services are set to cater for the various health needs, to continuously guarantee and improve product quality, provide better service and lead a better life. The Group has launched a wide range of innovative products such as organic, reduced sugar, low sodium, low fat, reduced artificial ingredients, nutrient-fortified and products in smaller size to meet the growing and diversified consumer demand for high quality products. Notes Low-sodium and low-fat products are products classified according to GB 28050-2011 National Standard on Food Safety National Label Standards for Pre-packaged Food. Organic products are products certified as organic products in China, according to GB T 19630 Organic Products Requirements for Production, Processing, Labeling and Management System. Fortified nutrient products are products classified according to GB 14880-2012 National Food Safety Standard for the Use of Nutritional Fortification Substances in Foods. Healthy ProductsNutrition and Health Mengniu actively responded to the Healthy China 2030 Blueprint and formulated a series of nutrition and health-related policies, to systematically promote the nutrition and health work of the Group. Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2023 Low-fat products Around 10 Products with low or no artificially added ingredients More than 90 Fortified nutrient products More than 5 Products with no artificially added sugar or reduced sugar addition More than 65 Low-sodium products More than 65 Organic products Around 8 Products in smaller size Around 14 In 2023, Mengniu developed a Nutrient Profiling Model covering all product categories, i. e. Mengniu Product Nutrition Standard, which considers national healthy dietary needs, synthesizes domestic and international nutrition and health policies and trends, and is based on the latest research results in the fields of nutritional sciences and public health, to provide measurable and scientific assessment guidelines for product innovation, research and development, improvement and upgrading. We analyzed the dietary nutritional intake data of Chinese people over 3 years of age and considered the nutritional attributes, processing technology, sensory and other aspects of each product category, focused on the key nutrition and health indicators of different populations, to formulate the Standard The Standard, as an important cornerstone for upgrading the nutrition and health attributes of Mengniu s products, provides the direction and goal of upgrading the nutritional quality of the products, and facilitates the continuous optimization and innovation of the business. In the future, Mengniu will continually optimize and upgrade the Standards based on research progress in the field of nutrition and health, and continually innovate its products scientifically, to provide consumers with better dietary choices. Mengniu Nutrient Profiling Model Covering categories such as pure fresh milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, modulated milk powder, cheese and processed cheese, beverages, cereals and their products. Developing guidelines on portion values for Mengniu's products, to provide scientific guidance on product development and marketing, and to help consumers establish a good dietary pattern. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 109 110 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Milk Powder Ice Cream Liquid Milk Milk Deluxe Desert Organic Pure Milk Desert organic milk source Dual certifications for organic products from China and the European Union 4. 0g protein per 100ml of milk Three Calves High Calcium Soft Milk DreamCap 0 lactose, 50 more calcium added 375mg of calcium per box Vitamin D added to promote calcium absorption Xiaoxianyu Lite Fresh Milk 4. 0g of fresh milk protein per 100ml of fresh milk 60 reduction in fat contentMilk Deluxe Low-Fat Milk 60 less fat than whole milk Xinyangdao DreamCap Zero Lactose Milk Using EHT enzyme hydrolysis technology 0 Lactose, easily absorbed Just Yogurt 0 flavor, 0 pigment, 0 gelatin, 0 milk powderMengniu Lactose Free Milk 0 lactose Shiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk Desert organic milk source 3. 6g native protein per 100ml fresh milk Champion Yogurt Contain oats and strawberries Probiotics survival rate 97 100 raw milk fermentedChampion Advanced Immunity Bottle Original Flavor The only healthcare yogurt that has been awarded as Jianzihao Selected BB-12 probiotics Helps regulate intestinal flora and enhance immunity Mengniu Reeborne Enzhi Milk Powder With GOS FOS PDX prebiotics combination, Milk fat globule membrane, lactoferrin, -lactalbumin, hydrolysed whey protein powder and DHA, AA and other multi- dimensional nutrition No added sugar and flavors Aice High Vitamin C Popsicle Enriched with vitamin CYoyi C Smooth Complex Active Probiotic Milk Beverage Self-developed, China patent probiotics Contain 50 billion active probiotics 0 fat, 0 sucrose Adds prune juice, polydextrose 2 major sources of dietary fiber Bellamy s Organic Kids Milk Powder With active lactoferrin, FOS prebiotics and -glucan 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrin per 100g milk powder Deluxe High-protein Low-fat Coffee- flavored Ice Cream Protein content 7, fat content 3 Added Colombian freeze-dried instant coffee powderGo Chang Lactobacillus Beverage Sugar content 5, 0 fat 6 kinds of lactobacillus fermentation No added flavors, colors, preservatives, etc. Mengniu Yourui Bone Strength Formula Milk Powder Each 100g of milk powder contains 1, 600mg of high calcium, vitamin D and CBP, with 3g CaHmb, 1. 5 times of high quality whey protein and sodium hyaluronate According to the unique nutritional supplement needs of the Chinese elderly population, scientifically matching protein, calcium, selenium, magnesium and other nutrients Mood for Green Coconut Milk Green Shasha Flavored Ice Cream Mung bean and coconut milk flavor, low sugar recipe 111 112 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive OthersSmall Portion Products Mengniu keeps on innovating products, strengthens the research and development of products in smaller packages. Mengniu has developed multi-category capacity products in smaller packages, such as pure milk, Future Star student milk, Shengmu organic children's milk, Yoyi C yogurt drink, Just Yogurt, cheese sticks, Ice 4-pack small popsicles and milk tablets, to provide more choices for consumers. Nutrition Education Mengniu launched the world's first model in the nutrition and health field MENGNIU. The model applies high-quality material provided by several nutrition and health authorities for training, and has already passed 21 nutrition and health exams around the world, including the registered dietitian exam. GPT, Mengniu released the WOW Health digital intelligence platform, which provides consumers with a series of nutrition and health knowledge, including nutritional plan development, exercise plan development, personalized nutritional advice, and nutritional meal preparation, through Mengniu s AI nutritionist, to help consumers understand healthier lifestyles, and promote consumers practice nutrition and health concepts. Digital Intelligence Platform on Nutrition and Health Cheese and Other Dairy Products Ai Shi Chen Xi Organic Cheese Sticks World's first organic cheese stick, 51 cheese content No flavor, pigment, preservative added Triply certified organic by China, Denmark and EU Milkground Double Protein Cheese Sticks 15 cheese content Contain plant and animal proteins Reduce 50 fat Probiotic Powder Products 100 billion high-powered active probiotic per sachet Over 85 survival rate of stomach acid resistanceMilkground Organic Cheese Sticks 66 cheese content 9. 0g high quality milk protein per 100g cheese stick Native high calcium for easy absorption No added preservatives, flavors and colors Milkground Calcium-rich Cheese Sticks Up to 7 times milk calcium 51 cheese content Rich in vitamin A, vitamin D Add 5 real green grape jam Stored at room temperature M-ACTION Protein Bar 30 protein per stick 4 weights of high quality fast and slow protein matrix scientifically formulatedMengniu Low-salt Butter First self-made butter in China Boxed fresh, in line with the low-salt standard Chemical additives, preservatives and impurities free Milkground Cheese 30 cheese content 3. 0g protein per 100g of cheese Rich in vitamin A, vitamin D, dietary fiber M-ACTION Liquid Protein PRO Contain 25g of triple protein, 5g of branched chain amino acids, 14 vitamins and minerals per bottle Rich in lactogenic calcium, vitamin D and probiotics 113 114 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive During the First National Nutrition Literacy Conference, Mengniu and the Nutrition Literacy Branch of the China Association of Health Promotion and Education jointly released the Blue Book of Scientific Milk Drinking. On the basis of scientific research on the knowledge, skills and behaviors of Chinese residents in milk drinking, it provides professional guidance for the public to drink milk scientifically, eliminates the misconceptions of Chinese people in milk drinking, and helps to improve the nutrition literacy of the nation. Mengniu s brand, Future Star, cooperated with the Children Development and Research Center of China Youth Concern Committee to carry out the 2023 China Pre-school Education Quality Enhancement project, focusing on the theme of Balanced diet and exercise of children which provides scientific diet and exercise guidelines for Chinese children through a series of popularization activities. Probiotics help maintain the balance of intestinal flora and are crucial for improving intestinal health. We have continuously launched the A Journey of Probiotics Discovery project, through the recording of popular science videos and the organization of consumer interaction activities, to disseminate knowledge about Chinese probiotics strains to consumers, continuously enhancing their attention to Chinese probiotics and intestinal health. Mengniu s M-ACTION has continually promoted special classes on sports nutrition knowledge by publishing popular science articles on its official accounts, conducting online and offline community activities, and launching live interactive courses with sports nutrition experts. Focusing on different groups of people, such as adults and adolescents, and different periods of time before, during and after exercise, M-ACTION popularized the knowledge of scientific exercise and nutritional supplementation, and helped consumers to establish a scientific concept of sports nutrition. Nutrition Education for Employees Carried out nutritional publicity activities around the theme of rational diet, popularizing the principle of a balanced and nutritious diet among our employees through nutrition and health lectures, nutritious food production and other forms of activities, to encourage our employees to practice the concept of nutrition and health. Through the education of product categories, explanations of nutrition and health products, and popularization of nutritional science, we enhanced the nutrition and health knowledge of our sales staff, and conveyed scientific nutrition and health concepts to consumers. We have continuously increased the investment in R&D to improve R&D competence. Nutrition Research The Global Expert Think Tank consists of over 100 experts, including more than 10 academicians, from various fields such as dairy processing, nutrition and health, biotechnology, and intelligent manufacturing. The Global R&D Innovation Center has entered into strategic cooperation with various renowned domestic and international universities and research institutions. During the academic seminar at the World Dairy Industry Conference, Mengniu's SNDA (Synthesis, Nutrition, Digital, Artificial Intelligent) Scientist Alliance was officially established. In 2023, the SNDA Scientist Alliance has conducted academic discussions and intensive communication on cutting-edge research and transformation topics such as functions and mechanism research on special food, new technologies and concepts of precision nutrition, biosynthesis of new material as well as probiotics and intestinal microecology. Mengniu Nutrition Research Projects and AchievementsIn 2023, Mengniu conducted extensive research on breast milk and infant nutrition, the middle-aged and the elderly nutrition, probiotics, sports and health, and other nutritional areas. Mengniu collaborated with external universities and research institutes to expand R&D achievements, strengthen technological innovation, and continually explore the industrialization of technological achievements. Maternal and infant cohort research Research on the effects of early life (Peri-Conception) exposures on pregnancy outcome and or on filial generation in the short or long term (to adulthood). HMOs It is the third largest solid component in breast milk behind lactose and fat, and plays an important role in promoting immune regulation, cognitive enhancement and intestinal stability of infants. Research on Breast Milk and Infant Nutrition The Middle- Aged and the Elderly Nutrition Research Mengniu took the lead in establishing an independent large-scale maternal and infant cohort study27 in China, which has made significant scientific and technological advancements. In 2023, Mengniu released the White Paper on Mengniu Breast Milk Study, outlining its progress in China's breast milk study and future research directions. Since 2016, Mengniu has collaborated with various domestic and international universities and research institutes to conduct extensive research on the composition of human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs)28 with the aim of assisting the milk powder industry in achieving the localization of key fortification ingredients. In 2023, our self-developed HMOs received approval from the National Health Commission of the People s Republic of China, making Mengniu the only Chinese company to receive the first batch of approvals. Under the support of National Key R&D Program of the 14th Five-Year Plan, Mengniu's Reeborne brand, in cooperation with Jiangnan University and other institutions, has completed the Key Technologies of the Enzymatic Synthesis of Structured Lipids MLCT and New OPO and Its Application in Infant Powder Formula. This achievement has passed the appraisal of the expert committee, which is helpful for the nutrient absorption and growth of infants, and has been recognized by academicians and experts from the Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology. In cooperation with the School of Public Health of Tsinghua University, we conducted a research project on the impact of the organic diet on infant health in early life. In cooperation with Sun Yat-sen University, we published a white paper titled The Health Status of the Middle-aged and the Elderly in China and Specialized Nutritional Solutions, which provides an accurate analysis of the nutrition and health issues faced by the middle-aged and the elderly. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Probiotics Research Sports Nutrition Research Product Research In collaboration with COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and other research institutes, we have completed the project of the Key Technology Development and Application on Manufacturing of Dairy Product with Domestic Probiotics and have successfully achieved self-development of domestic probiotics such as Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01, LC-37 and Bifidobacterium lactis MN-Gup, which have the functions of promoting digestion and regulating glucose and lipid metabolism. Additionally, we have optimized the production and processing technology of the products with self-developed probiotics, and its research results have been widely applied in Mengniu's Yoyi C yogurt drink series and other products. Mengniu's M-Action brand and Research Institute of Public Health of Nankai University have established the Nankai University- M-Action Nutritional Research Joint Laboratory, which focuses on scientific research, technological innovation, product development, and brand iteration related to sports nutrition and health, to provide more innovative and professional sports nutritional solutions for populations participating in sports and fitness in China, so as to contribute to the construction of a Leading Sports Nation and a Healthy China. Mengniu's independent R&D project of Key Technological Innovation and Application of Low-temperature Processing of Fresh Milk was evaluated by Zhongke Hechuang (Beijing) Scientific and Technological Achievement Evaluation Center, and the overall results of the project are in the leading position in China, while some of them are in the leading position around the world. With independent and collaborative innovative research, development and transformation, combined with precise nutritional technology, we strive to produce Three Good Milk with Good Sources, Good Combinations and Good Personalized Choices to maintain personalized health. Good Sources Mengniu's Life Nutrition Milk can be fortified with nutrients for different groups of people, including the elderly and children, as well as for special needs such as metabolic health and cardiovascular health. With milk as the carrier, a nutrient combination delivery system for specific functions will be realized. Mengniu's probiotics pool and functional probiotics screening platform can be utilized for the development and validation of core functional strains and products, the realization of specific pairing combinations of probiotics and functional raw materials, and the development of intestinal health detection technology. Good Combinations In the future, Mengniu will integrate precise nutritional technology into the design of Life Nutrition Milk. Mengniu was awarded the grand prizes for its Integration and Application of Key Technologies for Processing and Quality Safety Control of Functional Fermented Dairy Products and Research on Taste Optimization, Nutrition Upgrading Technology of Fermented Dairy Products and Application Demonstration of Product Health Transformation. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu complied with the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, formulated the Intellectual Property Protection Management System, the Construction Outline of Intellectual Property Management, the Trademark Management System, the Patent Management System, the Copyright Management System and other systems, and continuously improved the intellectual property management system. In order to ensure the steady progress of patent protection, the Group has increased the budget for intellectual property, recruited professional talents, and embedded patent management in the project development process, to enhance the protection of innovative achievements and the quality of patent applications. The Group respects the intellectual property of others while actively carrying out intellectual property protection. By the end of 2023, Mengniu has not been involved in any patent infringement cases. In order to enhance employees' awareness of intellectual property protection, Mengniu has popularized legal knowledge related to intellectual property among employees, and has clarified the Group's intellectual property management requirements through employee intellectual property trainings, and activities on intellectual property day. Additionally, Mengniu actively participates in international industry conferences on intellectual property to exchange management and layout strategies of intellectual property. By the end of 2023, the Group has held a total of 1, 820 valid patents. In 2023, 390 patents were newly applied and 289 patents were newly granted. The intellectual property management mechanism, in which the intellectual property management department collaborates with the business departments, to guide the business departments to establish multiple types of intellectual property portfolios. Intellectual Property Protection valid patents 1, 820By the end of 2023 In 2023 newly applied patents 390newly granted patents 289Navigation Mechanism Voyage Mechanism Escort Mechanism Pilot Mechanism In 2023, Mengniu's patent team was awarded the Asia Pacific IP Team of the Year Award 2023 by World Trademark Review (WTR), a world-renowned IP media, and Mengniu was the only Chinese company to receive the honor this year. The head of Mengniu's patent department was awarded the Global IP Expert in the IAM Strategy 300 The World s Leading IP Strategists 2023 by Intellectual Asset Management (IAM), a world-renowned IP media, for the internationally leading IP management strategies and thinking. Mengniu was the only food and dairy company in China to have an IP manager listed in this international expert ranking. Mengniu is the first dairy company in China to receive the China Invention Patent Silver Award which is the highest level of patent award received within the industry. In 2023, Mengniu revised 19 quality management mechanisms to strengthen management requirements of quality documents, procured materials quality, quality and food safety audit, as well as professional and technical personnel cultivation, continuously improving quality management and control. Mengniu conducts effectiveness review of quality management to objectively evaluate the quality management level of the Group. Through the establishment of the quality evaluation model, we conducts on-site evaluation of the quality management effectiveness of each business unit, based on the process quality management capabilities and results achieved, to help improve the quality management of the business unit, and to improve the awareness of the quality management of all the employees. For the quality management and control of our overseas business units, we revised the 2023 Food Safety Review Rules for Overseas Factories in light of the requirements of local laws and regulations as well as the product characteristics of our overseas factories, and carried out food safety reviews of our overseas factories in order to strengthen the food safety control of our overseas business. In addition, Mengniu has established a risk management system of product quality safety. Quality Management and Control Excellent Quality Mengniu adheres to the concept of Quality is the Greatest Decency, continuously build the Group's quality culture, and improves the quality assurance of the entire lifecycle of its products. Honors 121 122 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Adhering to the quality management concept of all risks are eliminated before they are exposed, and all competitions begin at the time of design, we issued the Mengniu New Product Quality Design Management System to build a new product quality management system covering risk management, quality management, claim management, process technology management. In 2023, Mengniu continuously improved management system, strengthened the undertaking and implementation of new product quality design management requirements at the Group, business units and factories, to avoid quality risks at the product design stage and deepening quality control. Product Design Stage Mengniu established a risk assessment mechanism of cross-departmental raw material expert group to strictly control the quality of raw material. By reviewing international, domestic regulations and risk studies, quality indicators, and setting early warning lines for indicators, we identify and evaluate food safety risks along the entire chain of raw materials from suppliers to factories. In addition, we raise the access threshold for raw material suppliers and enhance daily monitoring. In 2023, we completed Mengniu's internal risk management plan of raw material, guided our raw material suppliers to carry out risk assessment, grading the risk management in each stages and comprehensively upgrading Mengniu's risk management and control capabilities of raw material. The Group's major suppliers have obtained quality management system certifications such as ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, HACCP, BRCGS, IFS, etc., of which nearly 100 of the suppliers of raw materials and food-contact auxiliary materials have obtained dual system certifications. Product Raw Material Quality Control Stage Mengniu has implemented intelligent quality, applying digital and intelligent management to breeding, processing, logistics and other stages to improve the process quality management from pastures to table and enhance management efficiency. The Group builds a quality control system of test results, including the process quality control of laboratory, inter-laboratory evaluation of results and industry risk prevention, to ensure the accurate detection of quality control testing programs throughout the whole industry chain. At present, Mengniu has a total of 39 laboratories and one intelligent quality center, of which 24 laboratories have obtained CNAS30 certification and 24 laboratories have certified by ISO IEC 17025 2018 General Requirements for the Competence of Testing and Calibration Laboratories, and have the test ability of 1, 561 items, covering 100 testing contents for the dairy, and 99 testing contents for the whole industry chain. Product Quality Inspection Stage Mengniu continuously improves the construction of quality management system, controls the product design, product raw materials, product manufacture and transportation, product quality inspection and product recall, to manage and supervise the product life-cycle quality. Product Life-Cycle Quality Assurance To effectively protect consumers' health and safety, Mengniu has formulated the Mengniu Product Traceability Management System, the Product Recall Management System and other documents. The traceability information covers 8 processes and 16 steps of the whole industrial chain, achieving 100 coverage of key information of products, including supplier information of raw and auxiliary materials, material batches and product batches. In 2023, we strengthened the construction of the one-click traceability system, continuously improved the traceability management mechanism and optimized the traceability information tools. The Group uses SAP and other information technology systems as the basis to correlate product traceability information from the source of raw and auxiliary materials to the first-tier distributors. Currently, 100 of Mengniu's products can be traced back to the origin of raw milk, raw materials and auxiliary materials. Level 1 recalls shall be initiated within 24 hours, with a written report formed daily and completed within 10 working days; level 2 recalls shall be initiated within 48 hours, with a written report formed at least every 5 working days and completed within 20 working days; level 3 recalls shall be initiated within 72 hours, with a written report formed at least every 10 working days and completed within 30 working days. In case of unexpected situations that may lead to the escalation of the recall during the level 2 and 3 recalls, the responsible department head must immediately report to the business units' food safety management team to carry out the relevant recall management work. In 2023, no product recall happened in Mengniu. Product Trace and Recall 100 of Mengniu's products can be traced back to the origin of raw milk, raw materials and auxiliary materials In 2023 0 product recall 121 122 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 123 124 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 31 A2 Product Certification A2 -Casein dairy production, processing, etc are certified by a third-party certification body for dairy producers. Quality and Food Safety Certification System certification In 2023, the Company carried out seven major system certifications including ISO 9001, GMP, HACCP, FSSC 22000, BRCGS, IFS and SQF, covering 63 factories, with a 100 certification pass rate. The product certification of EU standards Continuously conducted and maintained the validity of certificates, upgraded and complemented the certification of 114 raw material indexes and 37 product indexes, covering nine categories of sterilized milk, formulated milk, fermented milk, pasteurized milk, dairy flavored beverages, chilled drinks, processed cheese, infant milk formula and dried milk. Student milk certification Continuously conducted and maintained the approval for the use of the student milk label, covering the three categories of sterilized milk, formulated milk and fermented milk. Organic product certification Continuously certified and maintained valid organic certificates for a total of 21 products, including Milk Deluxe, pure milk, skimmed milk, fresh milk, children's milk, cheese, milk formula and other products. A2 product certification31 Shiny Meadow A2 products and Xiaoxianyu A2 products received the first A2 dairy processing and fresh milk production certification in China. Mengniu adheres to the quality vision of focusing on consumers, creating perfect products with craftsmanship, and becoming a quality benchmark in the global dairy industry, and has set Trust, Outstanding, and Preferred as the Group's quality management guideline. We have formulated and continuously improved the 1332 quality culture strategy and comprehensively carried out quality and food safety culture construction activities, aiming at strengthening the quality culture atmosphere of the Group and enhancing the food safety awareness of our employees. In 2023, we continuously optimized our quality culture self- assessment rules, systematically conducted internal quality culture assessments, and continued to refine the Group's quality culture based on the assessment results. In 2023, under the guidance of our quality culture strategy, we carried out a series of World Quality activities in the areas of product quality and food safety culture, fully practicing the Group's quality values. In 2023, Mengniu launched the Safety and Quality Certificate of Responsibility activity, in which the Group's senior management team and business units signed a certificate of responsibility, reflecting Mengniu's determination to implement the quality responsibility. World Quality of Responsibility Activity Major GoalMajor MeasuresMajor GuaranteesMajor Foundations 125 126 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive With the theme of World Quality for Consumers, Mengniu launched a series of 315 Consumer Day activities. By conducting interactive activities through offline and online channels, we show consumers Mengniu's world quality management throughout the entire industrial chain. During the first Factory Manager Reception Day activity, Mengniu organized more than 30 factories nationwide opened to consumers, attracting more than 1, 000 consumers to visit the entire manufacturing process of Mengniu's products and feel the world quality of Mengniu. During the 2nd World Quality Short Video Competition activity, Mengniu showed the exploration and efforts on world quality to consumers, with more than 1. 1 million times of views and more than 900, 000 times of forwarding. World Quality for Consumers Activity Mengniu held the World Quality Innovation quality innovation evaluation activity to select quality management innovation projects and quality technology innovation projects through document review and comprehensive evaluation of internal and external experts, aiming to stimulate the Group's quality management and technological innovation, and to form a strong atmosphere of quality culture. Mengniu implemented quality self-inspection requirements to each business unit with the working mechanism of daily control, weekly inspection and monthly dispatching. The Group stimulated the practice of World Quality of Construction responsibility implementation, with 1, 481 times of quality inspection, and reviewed the rectifications, ensuring that food safety issues were comprehensively inspected while safeguarding the implementation of quality responsibilities. World Quality of Innovation Activity World Quality of Construction Activity Mengniu practices the quality value of promoting the spirit of craftsmanship. World Quality of Craftsmanship Activity Mengniu actively participates in the preparation and revision of national and industry standards related to product quality and food safety, continuously promoting the industry to further implement the Product Quality Strategy, Standardization Strategy and Healthy China Strategy. Quality and Food Safety Standards 6 29 5National Standards Industry Standards Industry Standards 127 128 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive In order to solidify the Group's quality management achievements and continuously ensure product quality, Mengniu builds a training system for professionals and regularly conducts trainings related to quality safety. For the key quality safety personnel, the Group conducted 27 empowerment trainings of 5 N, including 9 trainings of Five 100, covering more than 500 managers of factory legal person, quality, safety and environment, technology and energy; 18 trainings of N topics covering more than 300 core business personnel of data, systems, regulations, intelligent manufacturing, comprehensively empowering quality management and building a talent team of safety, quality and technology. Mengniu cares about the ability improvement of suppliers. Additionally, Mengniu's inspection team and quality management team were both awarded the title of 2023 National Light Industry Reliable Quality Team. Mengniu's Research and Large-scale Application of Digital and Intelligent Quality Control Technologies Based on Raw Milk Food Safety was awarded the 2023 China Quality Association Quality Technology Second Prize. Mengniu clarifies the review process of advertising and marketing materials. In terms of product packaging, we conduct compliance audits for product labels through our product lifecycle management system, to audit and uniformly manage nutrition and health information in product labels. Responsible MarketingGood Services Mengniu adheres to the core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, implements responsible marketing practice, standardizes the nutrition and health attributes claims of products. Meanwhile, Mengniu actively protects the legal rights and interests of consumers, opens up consumer communication channels, reinforces the protection of consumer information security, committing to providing better services and bringing better service experience to consumers. All of our products' nutrition labeling use standardized tables to indicate the energy, content values of core nutrients and other nutrients, as well as the nutrient reference values (NRV32), so as to ensure that the nutrition and health information on product packaging is displayed in a compliant manner, and to guide consumers to make scientific dietary choices. For sports nutrition food, we follow the General Rules for the Labeling of Pre-packaged Food for Special Dietary Uses (GB13432-2013), and the National Food Safety Standard - General Rules for Sports Nutrition Foods (GB24154-2015) and other related standards. In terms of front-of-pack (FOP) labelling, we follow the requirements of relevant laws and regulations in our operation regions, and reasonably use FOP labelling on pre-packaged food to simplify the display of nutrient content or nutritional quality of products, helping consumers to identify and select nutrition and health products quickly. Meanwhile, Mengniu actively participates in the preparation for national standards for FOP labelling of pre-packaged food. In 2023, the Guidelines for Iconic Nutrition Labeling for Pre-packaged Food, of which Mengniu was the main drafting unit, received the approval of the Standardization Administration. Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive In 2023, we continuously strengthened the promotion of responsible marketing by conducting specialized trainings covering responsible marketing, advertising and intellectual property protection, such as trademark design and review, interpretation of trademark law, product packaging review and Olympic sports marketing. A total of 7 trainings were held with approximately 2, 000 participants, covering 100 of intellectual property and marketing related personnel. Mengniu continuously pays attention to the protection of consumers' rights and interests, while provide consumers with high- quality products, to continuously improve the service quality. The Group continuously broadens consumer communication channels by setting up various communication methods such as consumer hotline, Weibo, WeChat and email. All complaints are forwarded timely to the person responsible for handling the complaints, and feedback of consumer complaints will be provided within the stipulated time. For complaints that have not yet been closed, we will continue to follow up until the complaint is closed. For complaints that have been closed, we carry out spot checks and return visits. By the end of 2023, the consumer satisfaction rate of complaint handling reached 94. Mengniu conducts dealer satisfaction research and consumer satisfaction research and accesses consumers' feelings, suggestions and specific needs on products through online questionnaires and product reviews on e-commerce platforms and other channels, forms improvement and enhancement plan to continuously improve consumer satisfaction. Mengniu values information safety and privacy protection, focuses on the core objective of making data use safer, and carries out systematic construction of information protection and data security, to safeguard consumer privacy. Consumer Services Information Protection We formulated the Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations, the APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines, the Data Security Management Regulations and other systems and management methods, which serve as guidelines for the Group's code of conduct on information confidentiality to strengthen the standardized management of full lifecycle of the group's data of all area. In order to enhance work efficiency and promote the standardization and process development of data compliance work, we formulated 15 practical tools such as the Mengniu Group Data Processing Agreement and 10 practical guidelines such as the Mengniu Group Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment Guidelines. Management System0 major data breach 0 major information security incident 0 consumer privacy and data security- related complaintIn accordance with the network security organization responsibility system, Mengniu established a network security working group, specified network security work responsibility departments and clarified the responsibilities of each department. Mengniu's CDO (Chief Digital Officer) is responsible for overseeing the cyber security strategy of the Group. Mengniu strengthens consumer privacy and information security protection through authentication, authorization, auditing, data encryption and desensitization, etc. In terms of Mengniu's Apps and mini program for consumers, we conduct compliance checks on personal information protection and support the business in conducting regular risk self-inspection by developing self-inspection forms for risk items. For projects involving consumers' personal information, we have established a prior review mechanism for personal information protection assessment to identify potential data security risks in the projects. Meanwhile, we focused on key management requirements for data compliance before the conduction of projects, embedding compliance review points into the contract review management mechanism to strengthen personal information protection. In order to enhance the Group's emergency handling capability for information leakage incidents, Mengniu has established an emergency management system and set up an emergency monitoring group, an emergency analysis group, an emergency handling group, an emergency liaison group and an external collaboration group under the emergency command group to strengthen the management of security incidents reporting. As of 2023, Mengniu has participated in national-level cybersecurity attack and defense drills for four consecutive years, reaching the goal of no defeat in the drills. Data Compliance System Construction We clarify the process for employees to report information security incidents. Mengniu attaches importance to the improvement of employees' awareness of information protection. May 2023 June 2023 132 Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide 131 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mandatory Disclosure Requirements Pages Governance Structure-A statement from the board containing the following elements (i) a disclosure of the board s oversight of ESG issues; (ii) the board s ESG management approach and strategy, including the process used to evaluate, prioritize and manage material ESG-related issues (including risks to the issuer s businesses); and (iii) how the board reviews progress made against ESG-related goals and targets with an explanation of how they relate to the issuer s businesses. P7-8 Reporting Principles-A description of, or an explanation on, the application of the following Reporting Principles in the preparation of the ESG report Materiality The ESG report should disclose (i) the process to identify and the criteria for the selection of material ESG factors; (ii) if a stakeholder engagement is conducted, a description of significant stakeholders identified, and the process and results of the issuer s stakeholder engagement. Quantitative Information on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and or calculation tools used, and source of conversion factors used, for the reporting of emissions energy consumption (where applicable) should be disclosed. Consistency The issuer should disclose in the ESG report any changes to the methods or KPIs used, or any other relevant factors affecting a meaningful comparison. P2 Reporting Boundary-A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report and describing the process used to identify which entities or operations are included in the ESG report. Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride. Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations. P139 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P57-68 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Note Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in buildings, electronic equipment, etc. P71, P139 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P57-68 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P71-74 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P69-76 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P57-60 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P57-68 SocialB1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P41-42 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P37-40 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. P42 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. P42 B4 Labor StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. P85 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P85-101 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P85-101 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P85-101 B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P122 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P120-122 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. P129-130 B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P26 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P27-28 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. P43-54 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. The organization and its reporting practices1-1 Organizational details P9 1-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting P2 1-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point P2 2. Stakeholder engagement2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement P20-21 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements P37 GRI Standard Disclosure Pages 3-1 Process to determine material topics P22 3-2 List of material topics P22 3-3 Management of material topics Please Refer to the Table BelowContent Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Statement of use China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited has reported with reference to the GRI Standards for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. GRI 1 Foundation 2021Subject Areas Aspects Pages 135 136 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Content Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 201 Economic Performance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on economic performance P9 Topic-specific disclosures 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributedP9 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate changeP57-68 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on indirect economic impacts P43-54 Topic-specific disclosures203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supportedP43-54 GRI 204 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on procurement practices P85-101 GRI 205 Anti-corruption GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on anti-corruption P25-28, P92 Topic-specific disclosures205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and proceduresP27-30 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions takenP26 GRI 301 Materials GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on materials P75-80 Topic-specific disclosures301-1 Materials used by weight or volumeP139 301-3 Recycled input materials usedP78-82 GRI 302 Energy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on energy P57-68 Topic-specific disclosures302-1 Energy consumption within the organizationP139 302-3 Energy consumption outside of the organizationP60 302-4 Reduction of energy consumptionP60-68 GRI 303 Water and Effluents GRI 3 Management approach disclosure303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resourceP71-74 Topic-specific disclosures303-2 Management of water discharge-related impactsP73-75 303-5 Water withdrawalP71-74, P139 GRI 304 Biodiversity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on biodiversity P99-104 Topic-specific disclosures304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversityP100-101 GRI 305 Emissions GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on emissions P57-68GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic-specific disclosures305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissionsP58, P138 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissionsP58, P138 305-4 GHG emissions intensityP58, P138 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissionsP60-68 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissionsP138 GRI 306 Waste GRI 3 Management approach disclosure306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impactsP75-77 Topic-specific disclosures306-2 Management of significant waste related impactsP75-77 306-3 Waste generatedP139 GRI 307 Environmental Compliance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on environmental compliance P69-70 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier environmental assessment P86-90 Topic-specific disclosures308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteriaP86-90 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions takenP86-90 GRI 401 Employment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on employment P31 Topic-specific disclosures401-1 New employee hires and employee turnoverP41-42 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesP35-36 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosure403-1 Occupational health and safety management systemP37-40 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigationP37-40 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safetyP39-40 403-6 Promotion of worker healthP37-40 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationshipsP37-40 Topic-specific disclosures403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management systemP37-40 403-9 Work-related injuriesP42 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on training and education P32-33 138 Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data 137 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic-specific disclosures404-1 Average hours of training per year per employeeP42 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsP32-33, P36 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsP34 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on diversity and equal opportunity P31 Topic-specific disclosures405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employeesP17, P31 GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on non-discrimination P31 Topic-specific disclosures406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions takenP31 GRI 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on freedom of association and collective bargaining P37 GRI 408 Child Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on child labor P31 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on forced or compulsory labor P31 GRI 412 Human Rights Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on human rights assessment P31 Topic-specific disclosures412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or proceduresP31 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screeningP31, P86-88 GRI 413 Local Communities GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on local communities P43-54 Topic-specific disclosures413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programsP43-54 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier social assessment P86-90 Topic-specific disclosures414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteriaP86-90 GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer health and safety P107-118, P120-127 Topic-specific disclosures416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesP107, P120-122 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on marketing and labeling P128-129 Topic-specific disclosures417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labelingP128 GRI 418 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer privacy P129-130Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Revenue RMB100 million 881. 42 925. 93 986. 24 Total assets RMB100 million 981. 01 1, 178. 13 1, 152. 20 Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company RMB100 million 50. 26 53. 03 48. 09 Production capacity 10, 000 tonnes 1, 166 1, 291 1, 040 Traceability of nonconforming products 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales 0 0 0 Raw milk random sampling pass rate 100 100 100 Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Labor contract signing rate 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests 100 100 100 Completion rate of procurement contracts 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations 100 100 100 Total expenditure on charity RMB10, 000 4, 584. 50 10, 672. 80 5, 124. 75 Total tax paid RMB100 million 40. 89 40. 14 48. 41 Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Exhaust gasTotal exhaust emissions Million cubic metres 944. 63 945. 07 1, 119. 31 SO2 emissions Tonne 23. 62 23. 63 27. 98 NOx emissions Tonne 85. 02 85. 06 100. 74 Soot emissions Tonne 18. 89 18. 90 22. 39 WastewaterWastewater discharge 10, 000 Tonnes 2, 718. 32 2, 806. 19 2, 966. 00 COD discharge Tonne 893. 81 1, 085. 75 1, 106. 82 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 41, 227. 21 42, 288. 66 42, 118. 04 BOD discharge Tonne 246. 93 233. 87 238. 40 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 204. 24 306. 84 335. 81 GHGTotal GHG emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 136. 00 142. 57 142. 33 Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 26. 00 25. 37 27. 04 Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 110. 00 117. 20 115. 29 GHG emission per tonnes of productsKg Tonne 171. 00 168. 31 166. 17Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data Economic Performance Social Performance Environmental Performance 140 List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems 139 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Notes on Calculation Methodology 1. The data of exhaust gas, wastewater, GHG emissions, solid waste, energy consumption and water use covers all of Mengniu Group's self-operated factories, including Room Temperature, Chilled Product, Ice Cream Product, Fresh Milk, Yashili and Cheese business unit. Total comprehensive energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and purchased heat. The main types of GHG involved in the production process of Mengniu's self- operated factories include carbon dioxide, methane, and hydrofluorocarbons. The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report. In 2023, we conducted a group-wide inventory of packaging materials, clarified and refined the method of packaging materials counting and had introduced a wider range of product packaging materials in the inventory scope. ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge for Pollutant Discharge Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Procedures for Wastewater Pollutant Management Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage A2 Use of ResourcesPackaging Sustainable Recycling Design Guidelines in Chilled Product Business Unit Environmental Risk Map Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Map Mengniu Guidelines Against Food Wastethe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products the Evaluation of Water-Saving Enterprises A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Environmental Emergency Response Planthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Environmental Code of Conduct for Citizens (for Trial Implementation) A4 Climate ChangeMengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025) Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide Carbon Emission Management Report Key Tasks Breakdown of Low Carbon InitiativesOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Collective Contract Special Collective Contract on Salary Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China Work of the Trade Union Regulation (on Trial) B2 Health and SafetyOccupational Health Management System Mengniu Group 2023-2025 EHS Three-Year Plan 2023 Group EHS Key Work Plan Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects Special Collective Contract on Employee Safety and Labor Protectionthe Conventions of the International Labor Organization the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of China Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace Safety Training Provision for Production and Business Enterprise B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labor StandardsEmployee Code of Conduct Employee Handbook Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesInternational Conventions on Human Rights United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the Chinese Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of ChinaList of External Laws and Regulations and Internal SystemsIndicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Solid wasteTotal hazardous waste Tonne 382. 81 385. 66 406. 09 Total non-hazardous waste Tonne 40, 200. 24 51, 212. 24 55, 888. 60 Compliance disposal rate of solid waste 100 100 100 Energy consumptionGasoline consumption Liter 11, 196. 38 12, 000. 00 3, 169. 76 Diesel consumption Liter 55, 124. 81 10, 342. 00 100. 00 Purchased steam Tonne 859, 756. 92 832, 324. 04 1, 076, 108. 60 Natural gas consumption10, 000 standard cubic meters7, 188. 65 7, 191. 54 7, 919. 78 Grid electricity consumption across regionsMWh 816, 797. 96 818, 780. 57 1, 009, 520. 67 Generation of solar power MWh 8, 697. 50 8, 509. 70 11, 267. 80 Steam production from biomass energyTonne 289, 575. 22 189, 801. 01 126, 963. 16 Direct energy consumption MWh 778, 994. 34 778, 870. 65 857, 542. 70 Indirect energy consumption MWh 1, 463, 588. 32 1, 444, 933. 32 1, 819, 082. 46 Total comprehensive energy consumptionMWh 2, 242, 582. 66 2, 223, 803. 97 2, 676, 625. 16 Water useTotal water withdrawal Million Tonnes 28. 64 28. 24 35. 20 Water saved 10, 000 Tonnes147. 94 (including 890, 800 Tonnes of social water savings)85. 97 (including 421, 500 Tonnes of social water savings)106. 2 (including 890, 000 Tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate 9. 68 7. 50 6. 44 Indicator Category Unit 2023 Data Packaging materialsPlastic packaging Tonne 177, 455. 94 Wood Paper fiber packaging Tonne 1, 070, 575. 33 Metal packaging Tonne 25, 589. 62 Glass packaging Tonne 242. 46 141 142 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B5 Supply Chain ManagementMengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Material Supplier Code of Conduct Standards for Evaluating the Quality Performance of Suppliers Supplier Management Rules Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain ESG Risk List Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Milk Source Farms of Mengniu Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattle in Farm Quality and Safety Assurance Commitment Regulations on Quality and Food Safety Risk Management of Milk Source Business Unit Special Action Plan for Animal Drug Risk Prevention and Control in Dairy Business Unit s Farms Farm Environmental Protection Management Regulations Review Rules for Milk Supplier Accessthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy Mengniu Product Nutrition Standards Mengniu Commitment on the Use of Antimicrobial Drugs in Animals Intellectual Property Protection Management System Outline for Intellectual Property Management Construction Patent Management System Copyright Management System Trademark Management System General Principles of Quality Management for Mengniu Dairy Mengniu Dairy Process Quality Monitoring and Management System Mengniu Dairy Quality and Food Safety Risk Management System Mengniu Dairy Product Storage and Transportation Quality Management System Mengniu Dairy Sales Quality Management System Mengniu Dairy New Product Quality Design Management System Mengniu Product Traceability Management System Product Recall Management System Advertising Review and Management System Business Promotion Management Regulations Advertising Slogan and Trademark Review and Registration System Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group's Principles for Responsible Marketing Operations Mengniu's Responsible Marketing Policy for Breast Milk Substitutes Mengniu Dairy Terminal Market Feedback Management System Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection in Apps Mini-Programs Data Security Management Regulations Information Security Management System Mengniu Group's Guide to Anti-Food WasteAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law Food Recall Management Measures International Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes China's Management Measures for the Sale of Breast Milk Substitutes Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumers' Rights and Interests Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Initiative Patent Law of the People's Republic of China Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China Food Labeling Management RegulationsESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B7 Anti- corruptionIntegrity and Compliance Manual Integrity compliance commitment Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations Anti-monopoly Compliance Manual Business Partner Compliance Manual Anti-Corruption Agreement Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations Anti-monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues Compliance Manual on Duty Performance of Directors and Supervisors Integrity Warning Education Work Plan Remind Talk Work PlanCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community Investment14th Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalization Action Plan China Mengniu Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness FundCharity Law of the People's Republic of China GovernanceGuidelines for Corporate Governance Compliance Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the GroupCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China 143 Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Reporting cycle The Report is published annually. Data of the Report The financial data in the Report was extracted from the Annual Report 2023 of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Other data came from the internal systems of the Group or manual collection. Unless otherwise specified, the currency in the Report is RMB. Release Form of the Report The Reports in Chinese and English are released both in hardcopy and online. The online version can be accessed at https group. Compilation Principles of the Report The Report is compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by reference to the Guidelines on Environmental Information Disclosure for Financial Institutions in Shenzhen, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, Insurance Association of China the Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance Institutions as well as the Sustainability Accounting Standards on Commercial Banks, Insurance and Asset Management & Custody Activities published by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Assurance of the Report The contents and data disclosed in the Report were approved by the Board of Directors of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants (LLP) has carried out an independent third-party assurance on the Report in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information ( ISAE3000 ). Deloitte has issued a limited assurance conclusion on the selected indicators included in the Report. The Group was the first insurance company to adopt a shareholding structure (joint stock company) in China. It has developed into one of the three integrated major financial groups in China. The Group's shares are listed in the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (Stock Code 2318) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock Code 601318). Ping An strives to be a world-leading integrated financial, healthcare and elderlycare services provider. Ping An actively responds to China's 14th Five-Year Plan, focuses on core financial businesses under a people-centered approach, and strengthens the insurance protection function to serve the real economy and support national strategies including Digital China and Healthy China. Ping An develops TechFin, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance. Ping An also develops the integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare service framework to provide professional financial advisory, family doctor, and elderlycare concierge services. Ping An advances comprehensive digital transformation to pursue high-quality business development and improve the quality and efficiency Ping An had Total assets of 288, 751 employees 11, 583, 417 in RMB million Indicators 2023 2022 2021 Total assets (in RMB 100 million 115, 834 110, 009 101, 420 Operating profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company (in RMB 100 million 1, 180 1, 469 1, 480 Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company (in RMB 100 million 857 1, 110 1, 016 Basic earnings per share (in RMB 4. 84 6. 36 5. 77 Dividend per share (in RMB 2. 43 2. 42 2. 38of financial businesses. Moreover, Ping An accelerates ecosystem development to empower financial services with technologies, empower financial services with ecosystems, and advance development with technologies. Remaining customer needs-oriented, Ping An continuously develops its integrated finance model of one customer, multiple products, and one- stop services under the people-centered philosophy. Ping An provides diverse products and convenient services to 232 million retail customers under the worry- free, time-saving, and money-saving value proposition. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had 288, 751 employees and RMB 11, 583, 417 million in total assets. The Group's operating profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB 117. 989 billion. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company reached RMB 85. 665 billion. The basic EPS was RMB 4. 84, and the annual dividend per share was RMB 2. 43. In 2023, Ping An ranked 33rd on the Fortune Global 500 List, 16th on Forbes Global 2000 List of the World's Public Companies and 2nd among global insurance companies. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 04 Awards and Recognitions In 2023, we were recognized and well-received by domestic and international rating agencies and media in terms of corporate governance and corporate social responsibility and won multiple awards. A (1st in the multi-line insurance and brokerage industry in the Asia-Pacific region) B (The highest level for financial companies in Chinese mainland) Low risk (best score among Chinese mainland's insurance companies) Constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series Best 1 of Chinese Companies in S&P Global ESG Score (The highest level for insurance companies in China (including Hong Kong and Macao)Ministry of Civil Affairs of the People's Republic of ChinaAwarded the China Charity Awards for the 4th time ForbesSelected as one of Forbes China TOP 50 ESG Innovative Companies 1st among Chinese financial companies and 5th in the global insurance industry in Forbes' World Best Employers 2023 China Association for Public CompaniesESG Best Practice Cases for Chinese Listed Companies 2023 The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed CompaniesAwards of Excellence in ESG-Hang Seng Index Constituent Insurance Asia News CSR Initiative of the Year Top 100 Pioneers among China's ESG- Listed CompaniesListed (7th on the list, 1st in the financial industry) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 05 Industry Engagement of Sustainability Ping An is dedicated to leveraging its influence on sustainable development by actively engaging in peer exchanges and implementing sustainable development strategies with domestic and global sustainable development initiative organizations to facilitate the co- building of sustainable ecosystem. Complying with the domestic regulatory requirements for sustainable development, Ping An maintains its leading position in the industry and serves as the vice director of the ESG Committee of China Association for Public Companies, member of the Asian Corporate Governance Association and council member of the Green Finance Committee of the China Society for Finance and Banking. Meanwhile, Ping An also participates in the formulation of industry standards for sustainable development, such as the the Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance Institutions and Green Insurance Classification Guidelines to support sustainable development activities in the industry. In alignment with world's leading sustainable development standards, Ping An has become the first asset owner signatory from Chinese to the UN Principles For Responsible Investment (UNPRI) and the first company in China' mainland to sign the United Nations Environment Program Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI), and the only Chinese representative of the UNEP FI Global leadership Council and Steering Committee. Additionally, Ping An participates in and endorses sustainable development initiatives such as Climate Action 100 and the Green Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative. In 2023, under the guidance of the Insurance Association of China, Ping An Group participated in the formulation of two industry-wide ESG standards. They are the self-regulatory Green Insurance Classification Guidelines (2023 Edition) covering green insurance products, green investment of insurance funds and green operation of insurance companies and the Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance Institutions the first domestic self- regulatory document aimed specifically at enhancing ESG disclosure frameworks and content in the insurance industry. Ping An's Involvement in the Formulation of ESG Management Standards in the Insurance Industry Case Global Partnership Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 06 Annual Performance Review for Sustainable Development Sustainable Business Sustainable Operations and Community Sustainable GovernanceInvestment for facilitating the development of the real economy 8. 77 in RMB trillion Sustainable insurance insured amount 709. 67 in RMB trillion Green loan balance 1, 463. 45 in RMB 100 million Inclusive loan balance 5, 720. 80 in RMB 100 million Sustainable insurance premium income 5, 577. 25 in RMB 100 million Responsible investment of insurance funds 7, 252. 56 in RMB 100 million Training hours per employee 45. 1 hoursGreen and healthy building certification 29The Group's cumulative patent applications over 51, 000 Number of volunteers from Ping An employees and agents over 500, 000 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long-term service plan 103, 232 Coverage rate of operations certificated by the ISO IEC 27001 Information security management system 93 Accumulated funds for industrial revitalization 1, 178. 82 in RMB 100 million Greenhouse gas emissions in the operation 426, 082. 62 tCO2e, a decrease of 13. 5 over the previous year Coverage rate of ethical standards and anti-corruption training 100 Tax paymentIndividual customers using the services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem over 147 million Since 2012, the cumulative total of dividends distributed over 300 in RMB billion 354 timesIn 2023, Ping An participated in investor meetings 1, 001. 7in RMB 100 million Ping An Sustainability Report 2023Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 07 Sustainable Development Strategy Management02 Utilizing its comprehensive nancial capabilities, Ping An, in collaboration with its member companies such as Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Bank, and Ping An Securities, supports the construction of the Baihetan Hydropow- er Station using various nancial instruments, including insurance, credit, debt nancing, and direct equity investments. Responsible Banking Promoting economic development, social progress and environmental improvement with responsible banking business Realizing a 5-year compound growth of over 10 Overall amount of responsible banking reached RMB 1. 21 trillion. ESG factors have been fully integrated into the entire investment decision-making process for the Group's insurance funds. More than 147 million individual clients of the Group have used services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem. Sustainable development is one of Ping An's development strategies and the basis for maximizing long-term value. Ping An is dedicated to enhancing its practices in ESG-related areas, thoroughly integrating ESG requirements into the Group's operational and management processes. The Group regularly conducts analyses and assessments of sustainable development topics, aligning them with the Group's strategic and business goals to review its sustainability planning. In pursuit of long-term, balanced and high-quality sustainable development, Ping An has established five-year goals for thirteen core sustainability-related issues, effectively enhances sustainability-related actions and management and provides guidelines for its practice in ESG- related areas. Ping An tracks the progress of core sustainability topics quarterly and reports its advancements to the Sustainable Development Committee semi-annually and to the Board of Directors and its Strategy and Investment Committee annually. This process ensures that the strategic plans for sustainable development are effectively implemented. Five-year goals for core sustainability-related issues Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 09Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 1The Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) is a patent cooperation treaty initiated by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) and signed by countries around the world. Consumer Protection and Experience Service first and integrity guaranteed Reaching 100 participation rate in terms of consumer protection training for employees and insurance agents Achieving a steady increase in NPS of major member companies Conducting an annual internal audit on consumer protection 100 coverage of compulsory courses on customer rights protection for all new employees. The Group conducted 2023 annual audit on consumer protection, focusing on the review of system construction, mechanism and operation, operation and service, education and publicity, dispute settlements and other aspects. Rural Revitalization and Community Impact Contributing to rural revitalization by providing educational public welfare and volunteer service to give back to society Accomplishing KPIs for the three-year plan of the Rural Communities Support Program and making new plans, specifically, at least 3, 000 hours per year for public welfare teaching activities At least 3, 000 events per year for volunteer services Achieving KPIs for the 2021-2023 plan of Rural Communities Support Program. Technology-driven Sustainable Development Driving high-quality development with digitalization Making steady improvement in digital operation of main businesses The Group's patent applications increased by 5, 456 to 51, 533 in this year. The number of PCT1 and overseas patent applications reached 9, 346, ranking first in the world in the number of patent applications in the fields of fintech and healthcare. The ESG training sessions covered 100 of suppliers in the year. Climate Change and Carbon Neutrality Achieving carbon neutrality in operations by 2030, exploring asset carbon neutrality routes and sharing best practices Continuously measuring and disclosing carbon emissions in operations and assets and exploration of neutralization routes Total greenhouse gas emission in the operation is 426, 082. 62 tCO2e. Sustainability Issues Key Quantitative Goals Annual Progress Alignment with SDGs Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 10Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Corporate Governance Setting a model of corporate governance and delivering stable return to shareholders Annually reviewing governance principles, mechanisms, structures and processes Annually reviewing the Group's compliance with governance criterion, its optimization towards governance principles, mechanisms, structures and processes for two times. Business Code of Conduct Upholding ethical values and Compliance 1 principles At employee level 100 coverage of integrity and anti-corruption education, 100 verification rate of reported issues in letters At company level 100 compliance with regulations on anti-monopoly and fair trade, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and sanctions Carrying out over 5, 800 thematic education activities for employees, outsourced personnel and insurance agents by sharing typical cases, issuing integrity posters or risk tips, organizing lectures, online short courses, etc., with 100 coverage of intended audiences. Information Security and AI Governance Putting people first, maintaining security, fairness and transparency Reaching 100 coverage of information security training for employees and contractors Regularly conducting internal and external comprehensive information security reviews Conducting more than 50 information security training sessions in the year, and the passing rate was 100. Sustainability Issues Key Quantitative Goals Annual Progress Alignment with SDGs Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 11Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Management System The Group's Board of Directors has overall oversight of ESG matters and assumes full responsibility for the Group's ESG strategy and disclosure. The Strategy and Investment Committee under the Board of Directors listens to the Group's overall ESG strategic planning and reviews the ESG periodic report, keeps informed of ESG risk management, objectives, plans and implementation status and progress, ensures the effectiveness of ESG management, and provides advice and recommendations to the Board of Directors on the Group's ESG issues and risks. Strategy levelBoard of Directors Strategy and Investment CommitteePing An fully participates and has continuously improved its sustainable development work system by building a long-term ESG governance mechanism featured with efficient coordination, clarifies its responsibilities for sustainable development at all levels, and ensured that the Group and its member companies meet the regulatory requirements while implementing ESG management in a more scientific, professional and systematic way. In this case, Ping An can promote its business to achieve high-quality sustainable development together with members of the Group. In addition, a performance appraisal mechanism with scientific and complete indicators and clear and standardized processes have been established in accordance with the Corporate Governance Rules of Banking and Insurance Institutions issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the principle of balancing revenue and risk, long-term and short-term incentives. Indicators such as risk management, economic efficiency and social responsibility have been incorporated into the performance appraisal mechanism. Among all, the key performance indicators of sustainable development issues such as rural revitalization and green finance have been incorporated into the Group's senior management pay linked to sustainability and are subject to regular review. The Sustainable Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee is responsible for the management of core ESG issues such as green finance and rural revitalization, as well as the Group' s external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. Group Executive Committee Sustainable Development CommitteeManagement level The matrix consisting of the Group's functional units and member companies is responsible for ESG implementation. The relevant functional departments of the Group act as the executive team to implement the ESG strategic planning and the works of the Sustainable Development Committee, and coordinate works related to sustainable development. ESG Taskforce (CSR IR PR Group Functional Representatives)Execution levelGroup ESG Office Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 12Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Policy Statements on Sustainability Policy Statement on Responsible Investment Policy Statement on Agent Welfare and Management Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance Policy Statement on Information Security Policy Statement on Coal Related Business Policy Statement on Privacy Protection Business Code of Conduct Policy Statement on AI Ethics Governance Employee's Code of Conduct Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chains Policy Statement on Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery Policy Statement on Biodiversity Statement on Employee Rights Policy Statement on Community ImpactESG Management Policies Ping An strives to strengthen the practice of sustainable development strategy, effectively respond to the increasing requirements of regulation and investors, enhance the Group's sustainable development influence, and enhance the Group's ESG work construction and management. In accordance with the Green Finance Guidelines for Banking and Insurance Industry of the National Financial Regulatory Administration (the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission), the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance Institutions of the Insurance Association of China and other relevant standards, Ping An has developed the ESG Management Measures to standardize various ESG workflows and fully integrate ESG requirements into the Group's operations and management, thus providing guidelines on ESG work. In accordance with relevant regulatory requirements, internal systems and management practices, Ping An has developed a number of policy statements on sustainability that demonstrate the Group's management principles and commitments in the field of sustainability. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 13Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Materiality assessment on issues Based on the survey results, we perform analysis on material issues to identify the most relevant ones for the Group this year. Materiality Assessment Stakeholder engagement The Group actively pays attention to social needs and policy trends, including regulatory requirements, sustainable development status and trends, capital market trends, etc., maintains communication and exchange with stakeholders through multiple channels, establishes and maintains good relationships with them, and understands the opinions of various stakeholders on sustainable development matters. The Materiality Matrix of Ping An Group Sustainable insurance Responsible banking Responsible investment Responsible products Consumer protection and experience Development and welfare of employees and agents Rural revitalization and community impact Climate change and carbon neutrality Corporate governance Business code of conduct Information security and Al governance Technology- driven sustainable development Sustainable supply chains1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13Ping An continuously enhances its processes for identifying and evaluating the materiality assessment related to sustainable development. The Group systematically reviews these issues, aligning them with its strategic goals and business directions, and reports the outcomes to both the management and strategy levels. This process serves as a vital reference for the revision of the Group's sustainable development strategies and for transparent disclosure. The steps for Ping An's materiality assessment of sustainability are as follows Identification of issues With reference to domestic and foreign disclosure requirements, the Group comprehensively identifies the related Sustainable development issues, based on the Group's ESG management and performance, the benchmarking analysis on outstanding peers, the focuses of mainstream ESG rating agencies and its diversified business characteristics. Materiality to stakeholders Materiality to the Group's developmentKey issues (Highly realted to sustainable development) Focused issues (Necessary disclosure)Core issues (Highly related to main business of the Group) Key issues (Highly related to sustainable development)126 7 8534 21 910 11 13 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 14Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Stakeholder Engagement STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS Law-abiding and compliant Operations Response to national strategies Enhancement of the development of the real economy Co-establishment of a fair business environment Submission of Regulatory information Reception Regular reporting and communication Public information disclosure Operating in compliance with laws and regulations Contributing to rural revitalization Implementing inclusive finance Cooperating with local governments to facilitate regional economic development and Robust return on investments Efficient corporate governance Comprehensive risk and compliance management system Timely and accurate information disclosure Effective response to climate change General meetings Investor meeting open day Periodic reports and announcements Investor relations column on the official website Maintaining good profitability Improving the Group's governance Enhancing and optimizing risk management system Regularly releasing annual reports, announcements and other public information disclosure Conducting climate change risk identification and assessment and publishing TCFD reports Delivery of worry-free, time-saving, and money- saving products and services Sound personal information security and privacy protection mechanism Telephone, company website, WeChat official account, a microblogging platform Customer visits Customer satisfaction survey Customer consulting service platform Consumer rights protection activities Establishing a remote service model to provide a dedicated manual customer service line for the elderly Promoting financial product innovation and increasing product categories Establishing consumer complaint management system Obtaining certification in information security management systemPing An' s key stakeholders include, but are not limited to, government and regulatory agencies, shareholders, customers, employees, agents, suppliers, community and environment. GOVERNMENT AND REGULATORY AGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS CUSTOMERS Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 15Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Well-established welfare and compensation system Clear career development path and training plan Diverse, equal and inclusive working environment Sound system for protecting legal labor rights and interests Staff Congress Employee complaint channels Staff hotline Satisfaction survey Establishing a fair, just and transparent compensation management system and setting up compensation incentive mechanism Providing comprehensive and diversified courses and instructing resources for employees Creating a diversified and equal working environment Insisting on equal pay for equal work and prohibiting discrimination Clear career path Decent income and benefits Agent Meeting Routine work communication Training sessions for agents Fair agent recruitment Compensation and benefits protection Fair procurement Impartial, fair and green supply chain management Integrity and cooperation Supplier meeting Bidding platform Visits and exchanges Routine work communication Establishing a sound supplier management system Enhancing integrity in supply chain management ESG training for suppliers Favourable community development Rural Revitalization Diverse public charity activities Volunteer activities Community Publicity Conducting volunteer activities via Ping An Volunteers Association Continuously supporting the revitalization of rural areas, healthcare and education by promoting Rural Communities Support Program Carrying out Ping An Guardian Initiative activities STAKEHOLDERS EXPECTATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS COMMUNICATION CHANNELS RESPONSES AND ACTIONS EMPLOYEES AGENTS COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENTSUPPLIERS Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 16Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Risk Management Risk Management Mechanism The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making authority for the Group's risk management and takes responsibility for the effectiveness of comprehensive risk management. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors has a thorough understanding of major risks and the Group's management of these risks, monitors the operation of the risk management system, and reviews matters relevant to the overall objectives for risk management, risk appetite and tolerance levels, policies and procedures for risk management, organizational structure and responsibilities within risk management, risk assessments of major decisions, solutions for significant risks, and the annual risk management report. The practice promotes a smoother and more effective implementation of the risk management mechanism for the Group and makes risk management more important in daily business activities, which is conducive to further protecting shareholder capital safety, improving capital use efficiency, supporting management decisions and creating management value. Ping An deeply integrates the core theories and standards of ESG with the Group's risk management, merges ESG risk control requirements with the overall risk management and ensures the stable and long-term development of Ping An's various businesses. Ping An Group's Risk Management System At the Group level, Ping An has established the Group ESG Office. At the member company level, the Group has defined a matrix of ESG implementation practices, integrated ESG risks with the Group's investment risk management system, and ESG risk control into the management of all investment business units to assist the Group in risk judgement, product design, statistics and reporting of asset portfolios. ESG Organization & Management Implementation of ESG organization and management with dual control of the Group and member companiesEstablishment of a unified ESG management system and management toolsESG risks and responseESG Integrated Risk ManagementUnified ESG Collaborative Management The Group ESG Management System AI-ESG Management Platform Member CompaniesInsurance Risk Market Risk Credit Risk Operational RiskStrategic Risk Reputation Risk Liquidity Risk Specific Risk of the Insurance Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 17Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Emerging Risk I Climate Risk Emerging Risk II Health and Disease Risk Emerging Risk III Technological Risk Category Environmental Risk Social Risk Social Risk DescriptionClimate change has exerted a serious impact on agricultural production, water resources, ecological environment and energy. In the context of China's carbon neutrality, the environmental pollution attributes of high-carbon industries are becoming increasingly evident, and investors in high-carbon industries are facing serious investment risks. For companies in general, climate change has brought more uncertainties and unprecedented new challenges to their operations and financial performance. The global focus on public health, mental well-being, and occupational stress is intensifying. Additionally, factors like industrialization, urbanization, aging populations, generalization of diseases, environmental and lifestyle changes present new challenges for health preservation and advancement. Moreover, the gap between the limited availability of healthcare services and the steadily increasing demand is becoming more evident. As advancements in science and technology accelerate, businesses increasingly depend on digitalization and smart technologies, heightening the risk of corporate damage from information security vulnerabilities exploited by human-made or natural threats. Meanwhile, the widespread adoption of artificial intelligence introduces new ethical challenges for companies. Major ESG Risk Categories and Corresponding Solutions With close attention paid to ESG risks arising from climate change, social change and policy transformation and with reference to World Economic Forum (WEF)'s Global Risks Report 2023, Ping An systematically identifies ESG risks. At present, among the risks identified by Ping An, the emerging social risks mainly include social demographic change and health, high risk diseases and urbanization and environmental risks mainly include climate disasters, climate change, emerging low-carbon technologies, raising environmental (carbon emissions) standard, carbon emission policies (carbon taxes, carbon trading, etc.) and regulatory mandatory information disclosure requirements. After evaluating the Group's strategic objectives and business growth and taking into account national policy directives and the concerns of external stakeholders, we have identified three emerging ESG risks that are most closely aligned with Ping An's central sustainability issues from among all recognized emerging societal risks. By implementing targeted risk mitigation measures, we aim to ensure the effectiveness of our risk management and avoidance strategies, thereby significantly reducing their potential impact on our business operations. Climate change has increased the frequency of extreme weather events, which may cause material damage and affect business stability. Natural disasters also have an impact on product pricing, payout and underwriting strategies, thereby increasing the amount of compensation of Ping An. Effective policies and actions taken by the public sector to mitigate climate change also entail financial risks, such as transition risks, which affect financial stability mainly through the channels of asset prices, policies and reputation. Policy changes due to climate change may affect the solvency of borrowers. For instance, the introduction of carbon pricing increases the production costs of borrowers, thus indirectly affecting corporate income and leading to an increased risk of default in credit operations. Impacts on Financial Institutions' Insurance Services The rising social disease rates may result in increased claim expenditures for services such as life and health insurance. Impacts on the Healthcare Industry Driven by societal health risks, there is an escalating demand for medical services and health management, which in turn raises consumer expectations for healthcare services. Impacts on Financial Institutions' Technology Investments With cyber attacks and malicious data becoming more prevalent, Ping An, acting as a defender, must allocate additional funds to mitigate potential risks such as data breaches. Impacts on Financial Institutions' Compliance Management The adoption of technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning necessitates Ping An to enhance its compliance management processes to prevent AI ethical crises. Response Strategies(1) Ping An has established a comprehensive governance mechanism to manage climate-related issues. Ping An Bank gradually reduces the scale and proportion of carbon-intensive loans. Ping An has introduced a integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare solution, integrating superior healthcare services into its insurance offerings. This strategy encompasses real-time health tracking and medical interventions for clients, aiming to reduce disease incidence and lower claims costs. Ping An has developed a robust healthcare network and management system, coupled with a leading medical database and telehealth platforms, enabling significant engagement in and influence over healthcare service decisions and provision. Ping An continually improves the quality of online medical services through medical team AI-enabled medical treatment, and we use AI technology to direct patients to appropriate medical services and improve efficiency. The company has set up a comprehensive closed- loop mechanism for issuing vulnerability alerts and ensuring timely responses, aiming to prevent the exploitation of cybersecurity weaknesses and minimize risk exposure. Emerging Risk I Climate Risk Emerging Risk II Health and Disease Risk Emerging Risk III Technological Risk Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 19Opening Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix 03 Sustainable Business As the technology support provider, OneConnect, an associate of Ping An, leverages blockchain network technology as its technical foundation to fully empower the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Composite Port project. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had invested more than RMB 8. 77 trillion in supporting the development of the real economy. Key Performance Cumulative investment in support of the real economy amounted to RMB 8. 77 trillion, an increase of 10 over the previous yearProvision of over RMB 3. 9 trillion in risk protection for major national engineering construction projects8. 77 in RMB trillion 3. 9 in RMB trillion Cumulative investment in support of the real economy in RMB trillion 2021 2022 20235. 907. 898. 77Sustainable Business Since its establishment 35 years ago, Ping An has steadfastly adhered to its strategic direction and risk management principles, continuously served the real economy and the livelihood of the people. While achieving its own high-quality development, Ping An is committed to providing strong support for the great cause of national rejuvenation and contributing to the building of a strong nation through Chinese-style modernization. XIE Yonglin President and Co-CEO of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 21Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Ping An Property & Casualty delivered risk protection to more than 1, 500 crucial domestic projects. Ping An Asset Management's direct investments in the real economy exceeded 1. 86 in RMB trillion 2Financial service reach of points refer to entities which provide access to Ping An's financial products and services, including insurance outlets, bank branches, ATM, CTM, and rural insurance cooperative agents. In 2023, Ping An was the lead underwriter for Horus-1 remote-sensing satellite, the largest single insurance amount project exported overseas in recent years. Additionally, we were also the lead underwriter for major clean energy projects like the construction of the China National Nuclear Corporation's Xudabao Nuclear Power Units 1 & 2, and large-scale projects including two sections of the Sichuan-Tibet Railway, the Zhangjiagang-Jingjiang-Rugao Yangtze River Bridge, and the Yellow River Self-service machines and intelligent devices more than Touchpoints in rural and county areas more than 33, 000Insurance and banking branches nationwide more than 7, 000 19, 000 Expanding Inclusive Finance Ping An is deeply committed to implementing the spirit of the central financial work conference, focusing on making significant strides in inclusive finance. Leveraging its full-range financial licenses and extensive network of branches and coverage, we meet the diverse needs based on the characteristics of small and micro enterprises, industry development, and specific groups. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty provided over 2. 29 million small and micro enterprises with comprehensive risk protection totaling more than RMB 200 trillion, processed over 1. 68 million claims worth more than RMB 3. 2 billion. And Ping An Property & Casualty offered insurance, risk control, health, and value-added services over 33. 79 million times through its Qi Ye Bao platform, aiding businesses in reducing costs by RMB 53. 12 million and improving efficiency by 14. 71 million hours. The insurance service business model helped support the stable development of businesses. Furthermore, Ping An Bank served over 1. 0322 million small and micro enterprises through inclusive loans, with loan balances of RMB 572. 1 billion. Ping An fully utilizes its comprehensive financial strengths to make its financial services more accessible. With more than 7, 000 insurance and banking branches nationwide, the Group provides its customers with convenient and diverse financial services. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Group operated 59, 303 financial service reach of points2 across the country. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty furnished over RMB 3. 9 trillion in risk protection for more than 1, 500 crucial domestic projects and extended over RMB 1. 4 trillion in risk protection to public infrastructure in 111 other countries and regions. Moreover, Ping An capitalizes on the inherent advantages of insurance funds as long- term capital, actively aligning with national strategies through mechanisms like debt investment plans, asset support schemes, and insurance private equity funds. This strategy promotes the transformation from old to new growth drivers, underscoring the shift towards high-quality financial development. In the clean energy sector, we increased investments through equity in companies like SPIC Jiangxi Electric Power and Shandong Hi-Speed New Energy Group. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Asset Management's direct investments in the real economy exceeded RMB 1. 86 trillion, with new investments for the year surpassing RMB 70 billion. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 22Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Sustainable insurance premium income (in RMB 100 million)Green insurance premium income (in RMB 100 million) 2022 20235, 4555, 577 2022 2023251373 Key Performance Sustainable insurance premium income amounted to RMB 557. 7 billion, up 2 from the previous year. Green insurance premium income reached RMB 37. 3 billion, an increase of nearly 49 over the previous year. Sustainable Insurance 37. 3 in RMB billion 557. 7 in RMB billion Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 23Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Integrate ESG factors into insurance business decision models Regularly disclose Ping An's progress on implementing the Principles for Sustainable InsuranceWork with customers business partners in raising ESG awareness, managing related risks, and developing solutions Collaborate with governments, regulators, and other relevant parties to promote broad-based community action on ESG issuesPrinciple 1 Principle 4Principle 2 Principle 3 Ping An has fully integrated ESG factors into insurance business and clarified its ESG governance system, key ESG issues, and risk identification, assessment and management system. In addition, Ping An has developed the Policy Statement on Sustainable Insurance of Ping An Group based on the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI) to specify Ping An's requirements for sustainable insurance and proposed four principles Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 24Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening We investigate the impact of projects on the environment, including project location, production technology, management, pollution treatment and environmental protection measures. This involves adjusting predefined occurrence rates and risk premiums to ensure the insurance products are priced accurately for ESG risks. These offerings are designed to furnish clients with the necessary information and tools for effective ESG risk management, thus mitigating ESG risks. Utilizing the automatic risk screening function of our DRS 2. 0 and catastrophe emergency service platform, we provide targeted risk warnings and reduction services for our clients, tailored to their specific needs. Further details regarding restrictions on coal business underwriting can be found in the Policy Statement on Coal Related Business of Ping An Group. We have developed a risk control service system (in a cloud platform format) for environmental pollution liability insurance. This platform offers comprehensive risk management services, including environmental pollution sensitivity maps, expert information, risk control toolkits, and risk assessment models for 18 industries, aimed at enhancing risk monitoring, early warning systems, and environmental risk governance. Product and Service Design Underwriting Risk Reduction 3For example, in the risk analysis for property insurance pricing, we fully consider the impact of climate change on current and future claims costs. Reinsurance ManagementUnderwriting and ClaimsSustainable Insurance Product System Ping An constantly enhances the integration of ESG factors into its product development, design and evaluation. Meanwhile, we remained attentive to the evolving demands for insurance products in the market influenced by developments in public health and urbanization across China. As a result, Ping An has developed a variety of social and inclusive insurance products, aiming to provide more comprehensive health and life coverage for vulnerable groups, those requiring special care, and new urban residents. As of the end of December 2023, sustainable insurance premium income reached RMB 557. 7 billion. Sustainable Insurance Product Matrix Green Insurance Environmental pollution liability insurance Weather index insurance Fire insurance Catastrophe insurance Carbon sink index insurance Wind power index insurance New energy related insuranceIndicator 2023 2022 Green Insurance Premium income 37, 296 25, 105 Insured amount 48, 888, 259 176, 931, 602 Inclusive Insurance Premium income 14, 093 29, 492 Insured amount 173, 761, 736 144, 911, 316 Social Insurance Premium income 506, 336 490, 951 Insured amount 487, 019, 482 535, 408, 482Performance of Sustainable Insurance (in RMB million) Sustainable Insurance Products(Selected) Food safety and liability insurance Comprehensive medical insurance for children Comprehensive medical insurance for the elderly Critical illness insurance Social Insurance Agricultural insurance Agricultural machinery insurance Rural housing insurance Small and micro enterprise insurance Life insurance for persons with disability Life insurance for rural populationInclusive Insurance Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 26Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Research and development phaseBased on real-time data, the natural disaster laboratory dynamically draws and updates the national disaster level distribution map to fully reflect the disaster risk situation and changing trends. Validation phaseNatural disaster data is processed into factor variables that can be used for modeling and matched with insurance claims data, and the factor effects are verified on a case-by-case basis for major covered catastrophe liabilities and introduced into the actuarial pricing model. Application phaseWe regularly capture and analyze natural disaster data patterns, add effective factors to the model, and promote regular updates and refinement of the pricing model to ensure a more accurate reflection of the relationship between risk and price, thereby encouraging entities exposed to risk to enhance their disaster prevention and loss reduction strategies. Natural disasters such as torrential rains, floods, high temperatures, droughts, cold spells, tropical cyclones, severe convection, and sandstorms are increasingly exhibiting characteristics of extreme intensity, marked regional phases, and a higher frequency of abnormal occurrences. In response to the impact of climate risks, Ping An gathers factors of natural disasters related to climate change. By developing probabilistic models for events like typhoons and heavy rains, we integrate climate-related environmental data into insurance pricing and risk management, leading to more accurate pricing of products and more effective risk mitigation strategies. The system covers 8 kinds of disaster risk maps, including typhoons and rainstorms, and 15 disaster early warnings, with accuracy of over 70 on average. It has a 1km 1km resolution and can give early warnings over 48 hours in advance. DRS 2. 0 and the Catastrophe Emergency Service PlatformCase Catastrophe module Since its launch, DRS 2. 0 has demonstrated significant effectiveness reducing disaster-related losses. In 2023, Ping An issued 572, 000 warnings about the potential impact of typhoons, rainstorms, floods and other disasters. In addition, We sent 8. 57 billion early warning messages, covering 87. 04 million individuals and enterprises, and provided on-site hazard investigation and other services for over 52, 000 customers. In terms of risk screening, Ping An combines the risk map established by the DRS 2. 0 with the underwriting and claim data accumulated for years. And Ping An integrates such data into the underwriting and pricing systems in accordance with relevant risk management requirements to achieve automatic risk screening. For high-risk subject matter insured, Ping An provides targeted risk reduction services based on the type of insurance product involved. We coordinate human resources, rescue supplies and other resources and offer customers efficient rescue and claim settlement services. Pre-disaster Pro-disasterCatastrophe module includes extensive data on historical disasters over long periods, enabling probabilistic simulations for earthquakes, typhoons, and severe rainstorms. This module supports the development of index- based catastrophe products for these disasters and facilitates real-time monitoring of cumulative catastrophe risks. Taiyi module establishes the digital satellite image platform with remote sensing data to provide comprehensive support for remote online survey and monitoring of key subject matters. Hetu module features multiple disaster risk maps and enables risk assessment for the subject matter's location. Stars module has big data inquiry function and enables comprehensive data sharing across sales, underwriting and claim processes, thereby improving data application efficiency. Xiangfeng module Taiyi module Hetu module Stars module Xiangfeng module has access to massive meteorological data in collaboration with meteorological departments and identifies disaster risks in advance by algorithms to assist customers in proactive prevention and planning. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 28Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Sustainable Insurance Impact Green InsurancePing An has integrated diversified insurance businesses with its ESG philosophy and leveraged risk protection attributes of insurance products from various aspects. Ping An actively responds to climate change, supports green industries, serves small and micro enterprises and provides coverage for groups with special needs, contributing to environmental, social, and economic sustainability. The First Sustainable Development (ESG) Insurance in China to Safeguard the Comprehensive Sustainable Development of Enterprises On May 12, 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty issued the first sustainable development (ESG) insurance policy in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province. The policy was one of the first batch of ESG insurance projects implemented in China, providing a package of comprehensive insurance coverage for key risks associated with sustainable development in the environmental (E), social (S) and corporate governance (G) aspects. In this ESG insurance project, Ping An Property & Casualty conducted an overall ESG risk assessment for enterprises before underwriting and integrated the results into the determination of insurance rate. This project encouraged enterprises to enhance their overall risk management on environmental, social and governance issues, thereby leading to cost reductions and efficiency improvements. Meanwhile, the ESG insurance project optimized the conventional practice of aligning a single product with a single service by integrating backend service resources and providing enterprises with one-stop supporting services of early inspection rectification post-response. The First Mangrove Carbon Sink Index Insurance in China In 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty launched the first mangrove carbon sink index insurance in China to offer risk protection, disaster prevention and loss reduction services for the mangrove carbon sinks of the Futian Natural Reserve. For the design of protection plan, Ping An Property & Casualty integrated the insurance mechanism ecological maintenance, indexed the loss of carbon sink due to mangrove damages, and determined compensation based on loss of the mangrove carbon sink value. The loss compensation will be used for such actions as protection and recovery of mangrove ecosystem after the disaster. Case Insurance for Famous and Ancient Trees Supports Green Ecological Development Ping An Property & Casualty actively supports green ecosystem development in rural areas and promotes the green and low-carbon transition. Ping An Property & Casualty has developed the mechanism of agricultural insurance ecological protection compensation to give full play to the functions of insurance in third-party management and damage compensation. The mechanism responds well to the demand of urban management personnel for the protection of ancient and famous trees. Ping An Property & Casualty has developed comprehensive insurance for the protection, rescue and treatment of famous trees, which covers expenses incurred by natural disasters or other issues during the coverage period. This insurance further promotes the establishment of a long-term mechanisms for effective protection, rescue and treatment of ancient trees. The First Extended Warranty for New Energy Vehicle Batteries, Motors and Electronic Control Systems in the Industry Safeguards the Development of New Energy Ping An Property & Casualty launched the first product of Extended Warranty for New Energy Vehicle Batteries, Motors and Electronic Control Systems in the industry, covering 600, 000 kilometers in 8 years. Services are available once the battery's State of Health (SOH) dips below 60, with repairs intended to return the battery to original factory conditions. This insurance not only addresses a significant gap in quality assurance for new energy vehicle components but also contributes to economic compensation, energy saving, and emission reduction, furthering the adoption and development of new energy vehicles. As the chief underwriter of the major new energy project in China, Ping An Property & Casualty provided the underwriting capacity of over RMB 8 billion for the main structure engineering project of No. 1 and 2 units of Xudabao Nuclear Power Plant. After the project is put into production, it can generate power of 18 billion kWh annually, equivalent to reducing consumption of around 5. 5 million tons of coal. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 29Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Social and Inclusive Insurance Case In line with the shopping basket program, Ping An Property & Casualty has established multi-level and diversified product systems such as bulk distinctive commodity and central local government subsidies supplementary commercial insurance. In response to the demand of promoting local distinctive agricultural products, Ping An Property & Casualty has developed and launched nearly 3, 000 agricultural insurance products according to local conditions, contributing to the high-quality and sustainable development of such products. In Heilongjiang Province, Ping An Property & Casualty launched the first commercial aquaculture insurance, which filled the gap of services for aquaculture in the local insurance industry and offered strong financial support to the aquacultural development in that area. Diversified Agricultural Insurance Product System Promotes Rural Revitalization In Tibet, yaks represent the cornerstone of local herders' livelihoods, yet these communities are highly vulnerable to significant losses due to infectious diseases and natural disasters. The traditional yak insurance models struggled with swift identification, impeding effective underwriting and claims processing. Innovations like facial recognition for yaks and electronic chip ear tags have effectively tackled issues related to high inspection costs and complex, time-consuming claim processes. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty's Tibet branch insured a total of 200, 000 yaks, providing secure and reliable protection for the vast number of Tibetan herders. Technological Empowerment in Yak Breeding Insurance Protects Tibetan Herders' Assets Ping An provides technology insurance services for the artemisia selengensis industry in Funan, Anhui. This product is tailored for agricultural cooperatives and rural enterprises based on the dynamic, labor-intensive, and complex nature of agricultural employment. The insurance product covers accidental death, medical expenses, and loss of income due to injury, effectively matching the agricultural employment landscape to support the growth of small and micro agricultural enterprises. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty extended over RMB 5 billion in risk coverage to more than 2, 000 agricultural enterprises involved in activities like tea picking, rice harvesting, and fruit picking. This product is centered around employer liability and offers additional protections for everyday work scenarios such as business trips, social events, and meals out, enabling micro and small enterprise owners to customize their coverage. The product has covered industries with high concentrations of new urban citizens seeking employment or entrepreneurship, including hospitality, catering, beauty, and fitness. As of the end of December 2023, the Employer Relief Insurance served over 150, 000 businesses, covering more than 2. 7 million employees of small and medium enterprises, and provided 185, 000 instances of health services, such as online consultations health check appointments and discounted medications, via the Qi Ye Bao. These products are designed to meet the healthcare and accident-related needs of new urban residents, tailored to their financial capacities and life scenarios, thereby enriching the product concept. The products cater to the multi-layered and diverse insurance needs of new urban residents by offering thoughtful, worry-free, time-saving and money-saving services. The aim is to safeguard the well-being and happiness of new urban residents, assisting them in achieving their aspirations. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Life rolled out nearly ten insurance products tailored for new urban residents. Addressing this, Ping An Property & Casualty has introduced an insurance platform model, streamlining online filing through a mini-program and linking safety production liability insurance directly with project registration processes. Through the digital monitoring system for small and scattered projects and piecemeal operations, Smart can empower property management in urban areas. Besides, a third-party inspection system is established for efficient management throughout the life cycle of filing management - education - process supervision - credit management for those projects. This efficient management system has and helped achieve unified management and one-network coordination, thereby effectively resolving issues related to non- registration, difficult registration, and lack of coverage. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 31Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Total responsible banking business reached RMB 1, 211. 5 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 35 over the past three years. Green loan balances reached RMB146. 3 billion, with a year-on-year growth of 25. 7. 2021 2022 20234, 91410, 97712, 115The total scale of responsible banking business (in RMB 100 million)1, 211. 5 in RMB billionResponsible Banking Key Performance The scale of inclusive banking business reached RMB718. 7 billion, an increase of 10 year-on-year. in RMB billion 146. 3 in RMB billion Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 32Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Banking Performance (in RMB million) Ping An has always adhered to the ESG concept in its banking business. We have adhered to the sustainable development concept of responsibility creates value, sincere returns to the society, and actively fulfilled our environmental, social and economic responsibilities. Responsible banking promotes consistency of various benefits, realizes the organic combination of commercial and social value, and promotes the sustainable development of the environment, economy and society. Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Responsible Banking 1, 211, 467 1, 097, 667 491, 384 Green Banking Business Scale 189, 726 182, 089 89, 813 Green Loan Balance 146, 345 116, 420 84, 613 Other Green Banking Businesses 43, 381 65, 669 5, 200 Inclusive Banking Business Scale 718, 680 653, 427 400, 022 Inclusive Loan Balance 572, 080 636, 371 382, 159 Other Inclusive Banking Businesses 146, 600 17, 056 17, 863 Social Banking Business Scale 303, 061 262, 151 1, 549 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 33Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Banking Business System Ping An Bank has integrated ESG risks into the risk management framework and formulated and issued the ESG Risk Management Measures for Corporate Credit Customers (Trial). By including ESG risk management into the credit granting management process for related credit customers and taking differentiated risk management measures, Ping An Bank is able to control ESG risks in credit granting and reinforce ESG risk management in all stages. In addition, Ping An Bank has incorporated ESG risk management into due diligence, credit granting approval, contract management, fund allocation and post-loan management, and applied the ESG risk assessment and categorization results in the credit rating and granting approval process. In this way, an ESG risk management system covering the whole credit granting process for credit customers has been formed. Ping An Bank has formulated the 2023 Risk Policy of Ping An Bank, which outlines investment and financing policies related to industries such as agriculture, climate change, biodiversity, energy usage, mining, oil and gas. The Policy covers investment and financing strategies for 97 different industries, specifying differentiated regulations based on the ecological and environmental risks that should be evaluated when formulating policies for the respective sectors. For specific sectors with material impacts and risks, such as agriculture, biodiversity, energy, copper and aluminum mining, gold mining, and oil and gas, different admission indicators are set to improve risk management. In accordance with the Guideline for Corporate Pre-Loan Investigation, customer managers are required to conduct on-site investigation to determine whether the production process of enterprises has any environmental pollution problems or potential safety hazards. Enterprises failing to meet environmental protection standards will not be allowed admission. ESG risk management is included in the pre-loan management and credit granting approval process for eligible credit customers. We have formulated the Approval Form of ESG Risk Assessment and Categorization for Corporate Credit Customers, which classifies ESG risks of credit customers into A, B, C and D. To enhance the management of credit fund allocation, we take credit customers' management of ESG risks as an important basis for credit fund allocation. Customer Admission Pre-Loan Investigation and Credit Granting ApprovalFund Allocation Post-Loan ManagementCredit ESG Management Process Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 34Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Banking Impact Ping An maintains a commitment to social responsibility and systematically advance its responsible banking practices. Ping An Bank has granted a Steel Ultra-Low Emission Green Loan worth RMB 920 million with an eight-year term for the modernization project of a steel group's new material industrial base. This financing aids the company in transitioning from its original semi-enclosed ore furnaces to fully enclosed, large-scale, and intelligent furnaces, while promoting comprehensive utilization of residual heat, gas, and other by-products. These measures include installing gas collection systems for blast furnace gases, deploying gas-to-energy units for use in the smelting area, implementing advanced flue gas dust removal, recycling dust ash and water slag, and managing the collection, treatment, and reuse of polluted wastewater. These measures significantly cut energy consumption, optimize the energy system, and facilitate the shift of traditional, carbon-intensive industries to low-emission operations. These investments are solely allocated to green industry development, markedly contributing to the investment in sewage treatment projects in Guangdong Province and fostering regional sustainable development. The environmental impact of these funded projects includes treating approximately 108. 72 million tons of sewage annually, processing 6. 28 tons of household waste, laying 443. 28 kilometers of pipeline, dredging about 117, 214. 38 cubic meters of silt, and achieving annual reductions of approximately 21, 660. 25 tons in COD and about 1, 773. 03 tons in ammonia nitrogen emissions. Steel Ultra-Low Emission Green Loan Underwriting for Guangdong Environmental Protection Group's 2023 Green Renewable Corporate BondsCase Green Banking The Financial Street Center (Carbon Neutral) Green Asset-Backed Special Plan The Commercial mortgage-backed securities Financial Street Center (Carbon Neutrality) Commercial mortgage-backed securities, with Ping An Securities as the issuer underwriter, has been successfully issued on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, with a total issuance of RMB 8. 5 billion. The underlying assets of this project correspond to the Financial Street Center properties, recognized as green buildings. All three office towers, A, B, and C have achieved the LEED Gold certification. The project is expected to save approximately 607. 67 tons of standard coal and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 1, 342. 96 tons annually. These funds are entirely dedicated to supporting the construction of the Mangshe River Rural Revitalization Demonstration Project in Yancheng. The construction mainly includes three projects, namely a living environment improvement project, a sightseeing agriculture demonstration project, and a township tourism facility upgrading project. The project contributed significantly to local food security, ecological conservation, rural labor reallocation, and improvements in living and health standards of local people. The project raised a total of RMB3. 043 billion. This phase of asset-backed securities (ABS) focused on financing leases, specifically targeting microfinance lease debts with small and micro-enterprises as lessees. This initiative has expanded financing channels and provided vital financial support to small and micro-enterprises. This effort has bolstered the fishery industry's development, resulting in a cumulative loan distribution exceeding RMB 500 million and establishing Ping An's distinctive blue economy service network. In Zanhuang County, Hebei, over RMB 200 million was allocated to support the cultivation, acquisition, and processing of spine date seeds. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 36Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Key Performance Responsible investment of insurance funds reached RMB 725. 3 billion. Green investment of insurance funds reached RMB 128. 6 billion, with a year-on-year increase of 19. The identification and screening of sustainable development theme investment covered 100 of the Group's insurance fund investments. in RMB billion128. 6 in RMB billion100 100 Responsible investment of insurance funds (in RMB 100 million)Green Investment of insurance funds (in RMB 100 million) 2022 20238, 047 7, 253 2022 20231, 0811, 286Responsible Investment As the first asset owner to sign the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in China, Ping An has adopted the responsible investment philosophy. The Group continuously optimizes its responsible investment system, focuses on innovation in ESG investment practices and implements due diligence management. In this way, the Group aims to set a benchmark for ESG investment in China as part of its contribution to the country's high-quality development. DENG Bin, Benjamin Chief Investment Officer of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 37Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Investment Management Ping An integrates responsible investment principles throughout its investment endeavors based on the five responsible investment principles of ESG integration, the active shareholder, thematic investing, prudence, and transparency. We have developed the Ping An Group' s Policy Statement on Responsible Investment, which identifies the scope of application of responsible investment and further explains the responsible investment scope and strategy. Furthermore, at the investment process level, ESG elements are integrated into various phases including investment due diligence, compliance review, investment decision-making, drafting of contractual terms, management of investment disbursement, and stewardship. As of the end of December 2023, the requirements for integrating ESG into investment management covered all investments of insurance funds. Ping An incorporates ESG factors into the investment decision making and proactively develops the CN-ESG smart evaluation system, which could serve as the evaluation criteria and basis of investment for listed companies, bond issuers and ESG due diligence of projects. Ping An makes full use of shareholder's positive influence by way of ESG communication and guidance and stewardship, urges the invested businesses to improve ESG performance and offer practicable suggestion based on their conditions, so as to guide them to develop in a healthy manner. Ping An deeply practices the development concept of inclusive finance and green finance with the focus on sustainability-themed investment strategies on environmental protection involving environment restoration and clean energy. It also concentrates on the investment tactics which may bring about extra social benefits involving rural revitalization and inclusive finance. Ping An is committed to not investing in controversial industries and regions. Ping An also adopts conditional exclusion strategies on serious polluting and energy-consuming projects. Investment in thermal power and coal industries will apply prudence. Principles of responsible investment Principle of prudencePrinciple of ESG integration Principle of thematic investing Principle of transparencyPrinciple of active shareholder Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 38Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Investment System Responsible Investment Quantitative ESG Evaluation Thematic Investment of Sustainable Applicable to all listed assets Utilize the CN-ESG system to evaluate the ESG performance of listed assets and use these evaluation results as the reference for an important reference for the investment team to assess the ESG risk of the investment objectives Facilitate long-term sustainable environmentally and socially themed asset allocation through green, inclusive and social investments for positive environmental and social impactsESG Risk Assessment Entrusted Insurance Fund Investment Applicable to all unlisted assets Develop targeted ESG due diligence standards for investment projects based on the investment's scale and industry Applicable to all entrusted assets Asset managers are explicitly required to comply with applicable regulatory requirements relating to responsible investment, and to pay close attention to their internal systems and external commitmentsPing An proactively integrates ESG issues into the process of basic research, analysis and decision-making, covering investment decisions across asset classes. This includes a range of responsible investment strategies, such as ESG scoring, due diligence, principles of prudence, active stakeholder and thematic investing, thereby effectively managing the ESG risks of all investment objectives. Up to now, all asset classes have been covered. Active Shareholder Principle of Prudence Applicable to all asset classes Develop basic voting principles based on international governance standards and guidelines, ensuring all voting opportunities are evaluated with ESG factors considered before proceeding Engage proactively with companies within our investment portfolio through investment managers (comissioning third parties) and collaborative initiatives like Climate Action 100 Applicable to all asset classes Specify companies, industries or specific businesses that should be treated with prudence in the Responsible Investment Manual, which serves as an important reference for the investment team in practicing the principle of prudence Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 39Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Quantitative ESG Evaluation Ping An utilizes its own CN-ESG evaluation system to assess the ESG performance of stocks and listed assets within its insurance fund portfolio. The outcomes of these evaluations provide essential guidance for the investment team when analyzing the ESG risks of investment objectives. Active Shareholder Ping An evaluates the sustainable development performance of investment objectives through diverse approaches, understands their strategies for long-term value creation and assesses the associated risks and opportunities. We are committed to responsible management by employing methods such as corporate engagement and voting to embody the principle of active shareholder. Ping An has dedicated staff to monitor and analyze the latest ESG trends and issues, as well as to monitor ESG engagement activities. Ping An pays particular attention to the ESG risks associated with the bottom 10 of investment objectives ranked by their CN-ESG scores, prioritizing these proactive management and when updating prudential lists. As of the end of December 2023, the combined value of stocks positioned in the lowest 10 of CN-ESG scores of each sectors represented only 0. 25 of the total carrying value of the entire stock portfolio in the insurance funds. The CN-ESG evaluation system is structured around environmental, social, and governance dimensions, comprising 21 primary indicators and 90 secondary indicators. It assesses a company's performance in aspects such as climate change, rural revitalization, support for industrial transformation and upgrading, and business ethics, focusing on both the level of ESG information disclosure and ESG performance. Besides corporate disclosures and regulatory announcements, the evaluation also incorporates alternative sources like media information and satellite remote sensing images. Higher scores indicate superior ESG performance. CN-ESG Evaluation System Stocks in the bottom 10 of CN-ESG scores of each sectors The end of 2023 Asset scale (in RMB million) 724 Proportion of the total carrying value of the stock portfolio in the insurance funds ( )0. 25Engagement in Climate Action 100 China ShenhuaCase 4CCUS stands for Carbon Capture, Utilization, and Storage, referring to technologies aimed at the separation of CO2 from industrial processes, energy utilization, or directly from the atmosphere. This process involves either directly using the captured CO2 or injecting it into geological formations to achieve permanent CO2 emission reduction. Additionally, Ping An participates in collaborative industry initiatives like the Climate Action 100 (CA100 ), to actively communicate with listed companies in high carbon-emitting sectors about climate change and other ESG matters. VotingFor strategic investment targets, Ping An thoroughly evaluates ESG factors for all voting opportunities and casts informed votes accordingly. In 2023, through the Climate Action 100, Ping An participated in discussions with China Shenhua Energy Company Limited, concentrating on substantive ESG issues such as materiality disclosure, carbon emissions targets, and low-carbon transition. In terms of addressing climate change issues, Ping An and China Shenhua conducted in-depth exchanges on new energy generation, new energy storage technologies, CCUS4 projects and carbon markets. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 40Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening ESG Risk Assessment In the Green Finance Management Policy, Ping An specifies that ESG factors should be integrated into the investment management processes including due diligence, compliance review, investment approval management, contract formulation, allocation of funds, and stewardship, thereby establishing a full management process - advance, intermediate and afterward - risk management mechanism. The legal, credit evaluation, and risk control teams conduct in-depth investigation of potential substantive ESG issues and document them in the investment memorandum. These measures are to ensure that the Investment Committee is well- informed of the ESG risks associated with the projects during the decision-making process. ESG Due Diligence Dimensions Content Selected Examples Environmental Consideration of environmental factors in the formulation of development strategies and business plans Actions taken towards green development and investments in environmental protection Details on green financing Existence of environmental non-compliance or environmental impact assessment penalties Requirement for companies to provide environmental impact assessment reports for projects with environmental impact Social Establishment of systems for employee compensation, social insurance, and working hours Creation of a working environment and safety measures to prevent occupational hazards Development of management systems for employee hiring and dismissal, compensation and benefits, social insurance, working hours, and mechanisms for handling violations Occurrence of major safety incidents in the past two years Governance Presence of false advertising concerning product quality, consumer deception, or misleading information Engagement in illegal activities such as bribery or smuggling to gain improper benefits Principle of Prudence Based on its existing measures for controlling investment risks, Ping An has established a responsible investment manual guided by the principle of prudence. The manual outlines a systematic approach to define companies, sectors, or specific activities that require careful consideration, including coal, thermal power, oil and gas, hydroelectricity, nuclear power, clinical trials, and animal experiments. The manual serves as a reference for the investment team to implement the principle of prudence, thereby effectively reducing investment risks. In 2023, Ping An Group revised the Ping An' s Policy Statement on Coal Business, specifying the principles and standards adhered to when engaging in investment, insurance, and banking businesses within the coal industry. The Group mandates through entrusted agreements that asset managers strictly adhere to the Green Finance Guidelines for the Banking and Insurance Sectors, such as effectively identifying, assessing, and mitigating ESG risks in their business activities. This is implemented in various stages, including investment due diligence, compliance reviews, investment approval management, formulation of contract terms, investment fund allocation management, and post-investment management, thereby ensuring the asset managers' accountability. Additionally, Ping An monitors the asset managers' development of internal systems for responsible investment and their involvement in initiatives like the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (UNPRI) and engaeges in active communication with asset managers. As of the end of December 2023, over 83 of the assets in the Group's insurance fund investment portfolio were managed by asset managers that are PRI signatories.. Thematic Investment of Sustainable Development Adhering to the UN PRI's principles for thematic investment and aligning with national development strategies, Ping An evaluates all assets in the investment portfolio of insurance funds. Green investment aims to enhance corporate environmental performance, foster the development of green industries, and reduce environmental risks. It involves a focused approach on environmental protection, carbon reduction, and recycling. Ping An invests in businesses or projects that provide environmental benefits and reduce environmental costs and risks, including but not limited to energy efficiency, emission reduction, clean and renewable energy, environmental conservation and restoration and circular economy. Inclusive investment is designed to offer accessible and effective financial services to a wide range of social groups, particularly focusing on the needs of small and micro businesses, farmers, urban low-income populations, and impoverished groups. Social investment aims to achieve mutual benefits in both economic and social spheres and foster community development and social cohesion. Ping An directs investments towards social infrastructure and public service projects (including but not limited to elderlycare services, medical care and education) with the intention of promoting sustainable social and economic development. Green Investment Social InvestmentResponsible Investment Performance of Insurance Funds (in RMB million) 2023 Indicator 2022 Inclusive Investment Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 42Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Investment Impact CasePing An is committed to its ESG development strategy and integrate the principles of responsible investment into its investment research and decision- making processes. Aligning with the national policies on green and low- carbon development, and support for rural development, we aim to drive both industry and societal development towards more resource-efficient and community-friendly outcomes through direct equity and debt investments. This investment underscores Ping An Asset Management's ongoing commitment to the clean energy sector, following its investments in significant projects such as Huaneng Lancang River, Ertan and Longtan Hydropower Stations, Xiangyang Wind Power, and a targeted capital increase in China Yangtze Power. The investment is aimed at creating a diversified shareholder structure and instituting market-driven corporate governance in the beneficiary company. It supports the expansion and construction of new energy projects, driving progress in the clean energy transition and contributing to the achievement of national carbon neutrality goal. Investment in SPIC Jiangxi Electric Power to Support Energy Transformation and Promote Green Growth In 2023, Ping An enhanced its cooperation with the State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), acquiring a share of SPIC Jiangxi Electric Power, a core subsidary, for RMB 4. 5 billion through the Ping An Renewable Energy Fund. This partnership has bolstered SPIC's equity capital and facilitated its leverage reduction while boosting new energy development efforts. The Nanchang-Ningdu Expressway stretches along several national forest parks and nature reserves, including Shuijiang Nature Reserve in Yongfeng County and Lotus Hill in Ningdu County. The project also undertakes initiatives like roadway greening, construction waste recycling, and ETC system development to improve the surrounding ecological environment, optimize resource utilization, and facilitate energy conservation and emission reduction. Notably, the ETC system, once operational, is expected to reduce carbon emissions by 22. 14 tons and save 10. 90 tons of standard coal annually, which greatly contributes to the achievement of dual carbon goals. This investment was allocated for the construction of three factories related to the group's agricultural production, aiming to further enhance its capabilities in developing patented products. Specifically, the investment was used to facilitate continuous innovation and expansion of products under research after the application of leading chemical designs and synthetic technologies to combat the growing resistance problems of pests, diseases, and weeds. This scheme underscores Ping An Asset Management's commitment to agricultural technological advancements, supporting rural revitalization, contributing to the development of agriculture and rural areas and improving the well-being of farmersCase A Debt Investment Scheme for a Leading Semiconductor Storage Company In 2023, Ping An Asset Management collaborated with a leading semiconductor storage company to initiate a debt investment scheme, allocating RMB 2. 56 billion to support the expansion projects of a leading domestic 3D NAND memory chip supplier with a global prominent position. This comprehensive support spans the entire lifecycle of the project, including technological innovation, R&D, process advancements, secure product line and industry chain operations, and market application and penetration. Infrastructure Debt Investment Plan for the Ping An - Ningbo Meishan Automobile Parts Project In 2023, responding to national directives on upgrading key traditional industries and reinforcing weak links in the industrial chain, the Infrastructure Debt Investment Plan for the Ping An - Ningbo Meishan Automobile Parts Project received an additional RMB 1 billion in funding, reaching a total investment of RMB 3 billion. This funding specifically supports the development of Geely Auto's most advanced manufacturing systems and production lines, further advancing the development of China's modern automotive industry chain. Social and Inclusive Investment Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 44Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Key Performance More than 147 million individual customers used services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem147millionNumber of individual customers using services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem (in 100 million) 2022 20231. 451. 47Responsible Products Ping An embraces the philosophy of providing professional and honest services, creating value and contributing to society. Ping An is actively responding to the Healthy China strategy, continuously innovating medical security mechanisms and digital applications. Michael Guo Co-CEO and Senior Vice President of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 45Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responsible Product Strategy In response to trends such as population aging, urbanization and changes in the natural environment, Ping An is committed to developing responsible products based on its business advantages and the strategic planning of integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare. By effectively integrating its premium resources, Ping An has established an extensive online, instore, and home-based service network covering areas such as medical services, health services, and pharmaceuticals. The network is designed to offer comprehensive, end-to end health services to people. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had a team of about 50, 000 internal and external doctors, over 36, 000 cooperative hospitals, with 100 coverage of China's top and tertiary hospitals. Ping An cooperated with more than 100, 000 health management agencies and 230, 000 partnering pharmacies. This represents an increase of nearly 6, 000 pharmacies since the start of the year, with the national pharmacy coverage exceeding 37. Responsible Product System Healthcare With years of operation and management experience in the insurance and healthcare industries, Ping An has innovatively launched a Chinese version of Managed Care Model. It combines differentiated healthcare services with financial services for the payer, creating a closed loop of supply, demand and payment and integrating the supplier on behalf of the payer. In 2023, by virtue of experience in Managed Care Model and the advantages of insurance coverage and service ecosystem, Ping An upgraded its one-stop healthcare and elderlycare service solutions in a comprehensive and targeted manner. In addition, Ping An improved its ability to provide healthcare and elderlycare services, hoping to gather more healthcare resources and social forces to contribute to the cause of Healthy China. As of the end of December 2023, the Group had more than 147 million individual customers using the services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem, and the cumulative number of Ping An Health paying users was nearly 40 million. Ping An provides heartwarming services by focusing on insurance health products and exploring insurance medical service products. Ping An Zhen Xiang RUN Health Services Plan has been upgraded on the basis of interactive health management to provide 18 types of services including five highlights, namely unique checkups, blood sugar control, online consultation, outpatient appointment assistance and escort, and critical illness management. In 2023, over 20 million customers of Ping An life insurance used the services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem, with newly contracted clients making up approximately 76 of this figure. As of the end of December 2023, the chronic disease prevention and control services had reached 1. 5 million users, with an 80 quarterly indicator achievement rate and a 99 service satisfaction rate. Ping An provides employee health management programs featuring comprehensive benefits, premium services and high cost-effectiveness via commercial insurance healthcare fund healthcare service products. In 2023, over 56, 000 corporate clients and nearly 26 million employees were served in 2023. Corporate CustomersIndividual Customers individual customers using the services provided by the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem ServedOver147 million 56, 000 enterprises Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 46Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Elderlycare Based on the philosophy of heart-warming insurance, Ping An, by virtue of its financial strength and technological empowerment as well as resource integration ability and first- mover advantage, has increased the supply of competitive products based on customer demands. In addition, Ping An launched elderlycare services featuring insurance home-based elderlycare and insurance high-end elderlycare under the Group's healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem to help more elderly people embrace high- quality lifestyles and contribute to the improvement of people's livelihood. As China's population continues to age, people are gradually realizing the importance of health management and quality life. By relying on the advantages of One Ping An, Ping An serves customers via the model of 1 smart assistant, 1 dedicated butler and many expert consultants, which integrates healthcare, accommodation, nursing, food, leisure and other service scenarios to build a lifecycle service platform under a strict supervision system. This solution offers elderly people a one-stop home-based elderlycare service and helps them to live a dignified home-based life. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An home-based elderlycare service had over 580 service items and covered more than 80, 000 customers, an increase of 60, 000 over the previous year. Medical Consultations Health ManagementHome Nursing Services Social and Entertainment Activities10 Service ScenariosPing An has leveraged its extensive resources in the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem and technological capabilities. With the integration of the medical rehabilitation service standards from Peking University, Ping An worked with over 40 service providers and academic experts in the field of rehabilitation nursing to develop Home-based Elderlycare Alliance. This initiative aims to improve service quality and enhance customer satisfaction by establishing a comprehensive cycle that covers standards, systems, services, and fulfilment. The Alliance includes a scientifically developed set of service management guidelines, a comprehensive range of rehabilitation care products, a professional certification system for caregivers, a strategic alliance of high- quality services, and an advanced, intelligent rehabilitation care system. Among these offerings, in the area of rehabilitation care products, Ping An has rolled out the Ping An Carefree Nursing product series, targeting patients with specific needs in neurology, skeleton, cardiopulmonary functions, and pain management. This series offers ten different short-term and long-term services, effectively covering the full cycle from prevention, treatment, and rehabilitation to long- term care. Home-based Elderlycare AllianceCasePing An home-based elderlycare service had over 580 service items Comfortable Living Arrangements Exceptional Living Conditions Outstanding Healthcare Services Engaging Entertainment OptionsImpressive Cultural and Recreational Activities Professional Healthcare ServicesProfessional and Convenient Housing And Living Conditions Safe and Comfortable Exercise and Travel Safe and Elder- Friendly Family Wealth Inheritance without Worries Comprehensive SystemHealth Improvement Physical and Mental HealthThorough and ResponsibleEnd-of-life Care Dignified and Respectful interactive entertainment Diverse and ColorfulDietary Nutrition Scientifically Customized AccommodationFood Healthcare Peace Nursing Mobility Finance Healthcare ElderlycareLeisure Sustainable Operations and Community04 As the lead initiator and trustee, Ping An Group organized seven insurance institutions to support the construction of Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway, a large-scale national infrastructure, through an equity investment scheme. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 47Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Sustainable Operations and Community04 As the lead initiator and trustee, Ping An Group organized seven insurance institutions to support the construction of Beijing-Shanghai High-Speed Railway, a large-scale national infrastructure, through an equity investment scheme. in RMB billion 117. 9The total funds provided for industrial assistance and revitalization (in RMB 100 million) 2021 2022 20234197721, 179 Rural Revitalization and Community Impact Ping An actively undertakes corporate social responsibility and leverages its capabilities in the financial business to promote the Rural Communities Support Program as a response to the rural revitalization strategy. In addition, Ping An takes concrete actions to fulfill its social responsibility and constantly delivers community services and volunteer services regarding educational public welfare, industrial support, health support, green public welfare, and emergency disaster relief, to give back to society. Ping An adheres to the original aspiration of providing people centered financial services, deeply advances the Rural Communities Support Program, and contributes to rural revitalization. We continuously promotes educational public welfare to bridge the urban-rural education gap. Through these actions, we aim to enhance our role as a corporate citizen, contributing to the shard goal of common prosperity and fulfilling the people's aspiration for a better life. SHENG Ruisheng, Richard Board Secretary of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 49Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening The Rural Communities Support Program In 2023, Ping An continuously fulfilled its social responsibility by supporting rural revitalization and constantly carried out the Rural Communities Support Program to promote the revitalization of industries, healthcare and education from the aspects of village industry, village healthcare and village education. In addition, Ping An Group makes full use of its advantages of integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare and offers insurance, financial and healthcare services to rural areas to ensure the access of rural population to financial support, medical care and education, trying its utmost to contribute to rural revitalization. Implementation of Revitalization insurance projects 295Industrial revitalization Education revitalization Health revitalizationAchievements of the Rural Communities Support Program Industrial revitalization assistance funds of the year 40. 729 in RMB billion Ping An's total volunteer teaching hours in 2023 4, 052 Funds provided to support industrial development 4. 23 in RMB billionCumulative funding for industrial revitalization 117. 882 in RMB billionLive lectures of scene masters of Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers covered million person-times 49. 012Donation of more than sets of commonly used medical equipment2, 000 Provision of physical examination services for over villagers 2, 300 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 50Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Village Industry Program Creating a Closed Loop of Integrated Assistance Ping An makes full use of its financial strength and technical capabilities, gathers resources such as science and technology, medical treatment, platforms, customers, and brands, and helps qualified rural areas carry out industrial construction and industrial upgrading through the Village Industry Program. Focusing on industrial assistance, Ping An provides integrated support for industrial development by helping solve financing problems in the agricultural industry at the front end, providing characteristic agricultural risk protection at the middle end, and empowering brand building of agricultural products at the back end. We also popularized insurance protection for featured agriculture-related industries to lift the worries of farmers covered by the insurance and further promote the development of featured industries. Through the model of one item, one code, one insurance, the full process information of agricultural products from field to table is presented to consumers. In this way, the brand value and risk response level of agricultural products are increased, and the digital operation management and brand marketing capability of agricultural enterprises are enhanced. Sales Promotion After Production Ping An took an active part in facilitating sales for agriculture- related industries to effectively promote the scale development of featured industries and adopts the industrial development system of one village, one product, one town, one industry as the main way to develop featured agriculture and promote industrial revitalization. The Ping An Auto Owner platform has set up a section dedicated to supporting farmers, thereby opening up sales channels for agricultural products and expanding the target audience. In 2023, a total of 72 live-streaming events were organized nationwide to promote rural revitalization and assist farmers, bringing over 200 agricultural enterprises onto the platform. This resulted in a total of 1, 522, 400 orders with a combined value of RMB 21. 7699 million. Since our participation in the assistance program in 2016, Ping An has contributed significantly to completing purchases worth over RMB 800 million. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An carried out 295 revitalization insurance projects, provided funds of RMB 4. 23 billion to support industries and helped 775, 000 rural households increase their average annual incomes by RMB 9. 3 billion. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 51Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Multiple measures are taken simultaneously to promote the diversified development of artemisia selengensis industry in Anhui Funan. In terms of integrated finance, Ping An issued rural revitalization debit cards and customized the artemisia selengensis agricultural loans, in addition provided financing solutions for local truck drivers. Meanwhile, Ping An implemented 160 mu of artemisia industry integrated insurance pilot in Xincun town. In terms of industrial assistance, through a combination of 'finance technology', Ping An has implemented Revitalization Insurance industrial assistance projects, collaborating with the local government to form a Technology Innovation Center. This effort aims to develop a digital agricultural service system equipped with satellite, IoT, and digital village platforms. In terms of intelligence training and consumer assistance, Ping An invited agricultural expert to conduct professional training for artemisia selengensis farmers, jointly work with local institutions to carry out technology-empowered agriculture and income enhancement through online public welfare live broadcasts by leveraging the Ping An Auto Owner APP for online outreach to provide green sales channels for agricultural products. In 2023, Ping An implemented the Revitalization Insurance project in Linyi County, Yuncheng City, Shanxi Province. The project serves the industry with a full-process risk management model of early warning, loss assessment, and fast claim. As part of the project, Ping An created a new agricultural insurance operation mode of Internet Drone to help local enterprises and farmers plant lotus root and extend its sales channels. In forms of funding support, product design empowerment, craftsmanship training, and project promotion, Ping An has helped rural women start businesses and increase income, pass on intangible cultural heritage skills, and sell select outstanding inheritors of intangible cultural heritage to represent us abroad, share the outcomes of their handicrafts, and promote our rich traditions. As of the end of December 2023, the total purchase amount of embroidery to seamstresses Ruyuan in Guangdong, Taijiang in Guizhou, Leibo in Sichuan and Xinjiang was more than RMB 1. 2 million. As of the end of December 2023, we organized a total of 72 'Five-100 of Rural Revitalization' live co-marketing activities with 200 million of cumulative exposure of live events, and the number of viewers is over 500, 000. Moreover, the cumulative order reached the number of 1, 522, 400 with 21. 7699 million of order amount, which brought local farmers substantial help and increased income. As of the end of December 2023, the Party branches of various institutions of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance established 1, 434 joint Party building points with the grassroots village Party branches in various areas. Through upgrading Party service centers, organizing Party-building activities, providing welfare insurance, and delivering healthcare services to rural areas, they benefited over 3. 755 million villagers. Case Case Training in product manufacturing process Participation in international exchanges Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 52Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Village Education Program Bridging the Urban-Rural Gap in Education To improve the literacy of science and technology, literature, sports and mental health, Ping An has built the five major projects of Ping An Education public welfare by utilizing hardware maintenance, volunteer course teaching, remote training, summer camps and scholarships for students teachers. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An as of the end of assisted the construction of 119 Ping An Hope primary schools across the country, recruited 11, 721 volunteer teachers, and provided a total of 438, 000 hours of volunteer teaching service. In 1, 039 smart schools, Ping An has implemented the Science and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers, trained more than 20, 000 rural teachers, and benefited more than 310, 000 rural students. Through practical actions, we bring hope for children in rural areas. The project not only solved the schooling problem for the students who had to relocate due to flood storage in the Huaihe River flood three years ago, but also provided a new teaching environment for the teachers and students in the Mengwa flood storage area. On the day of the unveiling ceremony, Together with Hope Ping An 2023 voluntary teaching activity was officially launched. The Ping An volunteer teaching team has developed more diversified and innovative volunteer teaching courses such as Country Music Classroom, Orange Painting Class and Intangible Cultural Heritage Tie-Dye Class with reference to the interest courses such as PE class, art class, handicraft class and English class. The knowledge of quality education brings happiness to rural teenagers, inputs information and knowledge from cities into rural classrooms, and also provides many rural children with the opportunity to be seen, helping rural children grow and develop. In 2023, the Ping An Volunteer Teaching Action helped 71 Ping An Hope schools, recruited 206 batches of volunteer teaching teams, 1, 167 volunteers, trained more than 100 seeded instructors and rural teachers, and completed 4, 052 lessons. Also, the activity led 100 teachers and students from 26 Ping An Hope Primary schools to carry out a summer camp by stepping out of the mountains, the classroom and into the scientific research and education places so as to understand the world and explore technology. In addition, scholarships amounting to RMB 602, 000 were awarded to 396 students. Activities in Together With Hope Ping An Hope Primary SchoolCase Ping An assisted the construction of 119 11, 721 volunteer teachers were recruited Provided a total of 438, 000hours of volunteer teaching service The completion and opening ceremony of the Ping An Primary School in Funan County, May 2023The Launching Ceremony of the Ping An Volunteer Teaching ActionsPing An Hope Primary Schools across the country Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 53Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening In 2023, Ping An and the China Youth Development Foundation jointly held the 2023 Tech Summer Camp of Ping An Hope Primary School, helping more than 100 teachers and students from 26 Ping An Hope Primary schools in Xinjiang, Tibet, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi and Shandong provinces to visit popular science sites such as China Space Museum, China Aviation Museum and China Science and Technology Museum. We also conducted a study tour in Tsinghua University and visited JD Logistics, FounderType and other high-tech enterprises to enrich the summer life of rural teenagers and further help them improve their scientific and technological literacy. At the same time, in order to enrich children's research experience, Tech Summer Camp of Ping An Hope Primary School also draws on STEM model to carry out situational and project-based education, improve children's ability of independent study, and help them broaden their horizons, their knowledge and improve their scientific and technological literacy through considerable, audible and tactile experience. In addition to promoting a series of scenario master classes, Ping An holds a theme activity called Scientists at Rural Schools to provide students in rural schools with various forms of courses, such as science courses, psychological lectures and lectures for imparting knowledge, so as to help rural children grow and develop and cultivate them as the new generation of technological innovation talents. Focusing on the psychological well-being of children in rural areas, Ping An has developed and implemented a model for these children that incorporates teacher training standard courses teaching facilities volunteer services. In collaboration with the Next Generation Foundation, Ping An has initiated the Carefree Childhood Public Welfare Program for Children in Rural Areas. This project aims to establish a mental health educational framework by setting up psychological classrooms and training mental health educators, thereby effectively ensuring the mental and physical health of rural children. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty established 85 mental health classrooms across China and trained over 3, 000 rural teachers and volunteers. The program covered more than 1, 000 schools and benefited nearly 400, 000 rural children. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An conducted 97 rounds of the Hundred-Village Tour - Healthcare in Rural Areas activity in China. Ping An, in response to the call of joint Party building, introduced AED equipment to rural areas by organizing a double- foundation party-building symposium, popularizing emergency rescue knowledge, and donating a set of medical and health equipment. In this way, Ping An has brought AED equipment into rural areas, introduced the concept of Golden 4 Minutes and provided local villagers with emergency knowledge training, having done its utmost to safeguard the health line of rural revitalization. We offered free physical examination services to villagers, including physical examination and auxiliary diagnosis and treatment, which helped them identify physical health problems, raised their health awareness and improved the local healthcare services. In 2023, Ping An's health public service covered 24 provincial, municipal, and autonomous regions in 307 villages, donated 2, 000 sets of medical devices, completed AED training for more than 3, 000 people, and provided free physical examination services for more than 2, 300 villagers. Tech Summer Camp of Ping An Hope Primary SchoolScience and Technology Literacy Improvement Program for Teenagers - Scientists at Rural Schools activity Carefree Childhood volunteer activities Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 54Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Community Impact Ping An actively responds to social needs and fulfills corporate social responsibilities. With the focus on the themes of Ping An Guardian Action - National Park, Ping An has continuously explored new patterns of volunteer services and encourages more employees to take part in public welfare undertakings. Volunteer Service Since its establishment in 2018, Ping An Volunteers Association has continuously expanded the size of its team and actively expanded its service areas. Volunteers devote themselves to assuming CSR in a systematic, regular, professional and targeted manner. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Volunteer Association has set up branches in 31 regions across China, covering 20 member companies of the Group. Meanwhile, with the San Cun Hui online public welfare platform, Ping An provided channels of mutual aid for the public, and a total of 1, 702 public welfare activities around us events were launched. As of the end of December 2023, the total number of registered users of the platform reached 3. 49 million, among which over 500, 000 were Ping An employees and agent volunteers. A total of 1, 702 public welfare around us events The total number of registered users of the San Cun Hui online public welfare platform reached Number of volunteers from Ping An employees and agents over3. 49 million 500, 000 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 55Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening On December 3, 2023, Shenzhen Marathon (hereinafter referred to as Shenma ) was successfully held, and Ping An, as the official strategic partner of 2023 Shenzhen Marathon, provided nearly RMB 30 billion of security insurance funds, covering more than 30, 000 people, and once again assisted Shenma to achieve safe holding. On the day of the Shenzhen Marathon, which is also the International Day of Disabled Persons, the 'Running-in-the-dark Team' of Ping An's Volunteer Association established the The Visually-impaired- assisting Running Team in Shenma. Nearly 20 Ping An volunteers from member companies such as Ping An Technology, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Securities, and Ping An Consumer Finance invited visually impaired runners to pair up and participate in the Shenzhen Marathon, and helped 8 visually impaired runners complete the entire marathon. In addition to the welfare activities in supporting visually impaired people, Ping An also organized Ping An Sideline Claims Team, Ping An Orange Photography team and other service teams and sent hundreds of Ping An first aid runners to provide warm event public services for the players at the event site, comprehensively guaranteeing the smooth procedure of Shenma. In 2023, the Public Reading in Communities Program jointly created by Ping An Public Welfare Foundation and China Literature Foundation was upgraded, with the Yucai Library as the platform in the community, relying on the volunteer operation service model, and carrying out featured theme activities such as Experts Forum and Intangible Cultural Heritage Handicraft, and building an interactive platform for community residents with diversified reading public welfare service measures. In this case, people can have more sense of gain and happiness. As of the end of December 2023, the Public Reading in Communities Program built a total of 12 community Yucai libraries in the community, deployed more than 20, 000 high-quality books, held more than 230 offline public welfare activities, and actively assisted the construction of platforms such as education services, cultural services, and science popularization services by introducing reading modes such as audiobooks and 5G Reading, serving residents in the community and surrounding areas for about 105, 000 people. Safeguarding runners in Shenzhen Marathon Voluntary Blood Donation ActivityReading Activities in CommunitiesCase Ping An volunteers helped visually impaired runners participate in the MarathonPing An provided on-site public services for Shenzhen MarathonSupporting the establishment of community libraries Organizing reading activities Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 56Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Education Ping An continues to pay attention to education and actively promotes educational equality. At the same time, Ping An builds a diversified and high-quality education platform for the majority of teenagers and always pays attention to the growth and development of special needs groups. Ping An builds a diversified and high-quality education platform for the majority of teenagers and keeps on the Ping An Youth Inspiration Program. In the program, Ping An provided research fund and bonus of more than RMB 1 million to support college students in social research around three main topics, which are finance and insurance, healthcare and elderlycare and low-carbon environmental protection. A total of 83 submissions from 30 universities were received and 693 people participated in this competition. Ping An pays continuous attention to the education of special needs groups. This program improves their communication and employability skills and helps them overcome difficulties in employment and better integrate into society. Our internal and external volunteers provided 15 young adults with intellectual and mental disabilities with the pre-employment training, helped them with job interviews, and took them to participate in daily inspections and cargo elevator assistance at PAFC Zhongliang Property, intending to help these young adults overcome difficulties in employment and to be integrated into society in a smoother manner. Youth Inspiration Program Blue Action Xinqingnian Social Integration ProgramCase The finale of the 2023 Ping An Youth Inspiration Program Ping An's Blue Action Xinqingnian Social Integration Program (Phase II) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 57Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening In 2023, Ping An, relying on its integrated financial capabilities, actively explored the innovation of green finance and services, and plan to launch a comprehensive financial service plan for mangrove protection of mangrove carbon sink insurance mangrove ecological protection charitable trust public welfare fundraising platform technology empowerment volunteer service. Using scientific and technological means to support mangrove carbon sink management, a full range of integrated financial service solutions for international mangrove construction is provided. Focusing on the series of publicity and public welfare projects on biodiversity conservation in Chaozhou, Ping An supported the publicity activities on biodiversity conservation and the protection of endangered species with practical actions, and helped to carry out the publicity activities of 'Classes for Nature Science Education', closely combining biodiversity conservation and public education, and raising the public's awareness to biodiversity conservation. Signing ceremony for mangrove blue carbon sinks comprehensive insurance donation The launching ceremony of the Chaozhou City Biodiversity Conservation Public Welfare ProgramChaozhou's endemic species called Chaozhou Caryopteris alternifolia Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 58Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Responding to Emergencies and Disasters In 2023, in the face of unexpected serious disasters, Ping An raced against time and rushed to the front line of major disasters to provide timely assistance. Leveraging its professional advantages, Ping An established an innovative 'insurance service technology' scheme for disaster prevention and mitigation, making every effort to ensure the safety of people's lives and property. Ping An Public Welfare Platform Ping An supports the establishment of the Ping An Public Welfare public fundraising information online platform. Through cooperation with a number of public fundraising foundations, Ping An continues to focus on public welfare projects in rural revitalization, green and low-carbon, women's development, community development, youth education, assistance for relieving disasters, active aging and other fields, providing users with diversified donation channels such as one-to-one assistance and donation, steps-donating charitable event, and wishes in charity. In this way, efficient online participation in public welfare can be achieved. As of the end of December 2023, the Ping An public welfare platform entered 23 foundations, launched more than 80 public welfare projects, and obtained more than 220, 000 donors. The Ping An public welfare platform entered 23 foundations Launched more than80 public welfare projects Obtained more than 220, 000 donorsOn December 18, 2023, a 6. 2-magnitude earthquake struck Jishishan County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu Province, causing heavy casualties and property losses. After the earthquake, Ping An quickly carried out the 'Ping An's speedy aid for Gansu and Qinghai earthquake-stricken areas to send warmth' action, immediately donated RMB 10 million to the disaster area, and organized teams of rescue personnel such as Ping An Guardian to go to the affected areas to assist the local rescue work. At the same time, Ping An launched the emergency plan for major emergencies at the first time, launched emergency rescue emergency services, opened the green channel for quick claims settlement, simplified claims materials and other measures, ensuring the safety of people's lives and property with practical actions. In 2023, Fujian, Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei regions were hit by a prolonged rainstorm caused by Typhoon Doksuri, resulting in severe flooding. For instance, Ping An issued a disaster warning in advance and the emergency response plan for major emergencies was launched immediately after the disaster. Also, the emergency response teams were set up to conduct customer investigation and emergency rescue, fully cooperating with governments at all levels and regions in the rescue work. Ping An's immediate aid to earthquake-stricken areas Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 59Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Consumer Protection and Experience The Group's NPS continued to increase 2022 2023 2021Ping An Group's NPS 475559Key Performance Adhering to the original aspiration of providing people-centered financial services, Ping An integrates the protection of consumers' rights and interests into all service processes by following the principle of fair trading, treats consumers fairly, justly and honestly in the whole process of business operation through appropriate procedures and measures, and protects consumers' legitimate rights and interests such as their right to know and to choose independently, the right to fair trading and the right to privacy in accordance with the law. In this case, we provide worry-free, time-saving and money-saving services for customers. Ping An always adheres to and practices the approach of finance for good, service for the people. Putting customers at the center, we provide customers with efficient, cost-effective, and worry-free financial healthcare services, continuously enhancing the convenience, accessibility, and sense of attainment of customer service. Meanwhile, Ping An has coordinated and supervised the strengthening of complaint management, established and improved the review management and assessment mechanism of consumer rights and interests protection work, and comprehensively improved the ability to resolve complaints by implementing management measures such as complaint reduction and the relevant rectification, dynamic tracking of indicators, supervision and research of consumer insurance complaints, and focused on improving the quality and effectiveness of the protection of consumer rights and interests. In order to ensure the effective implementation of consumer rights and interests protection, the Group has established a regular and standardized internal audit mechanism for consumer rights and interests protection, formulated a consumer rights and interests protection audit plan, and included consumer rights and interests protection work in the annual audit scope. Ping An strengthens the construction of internal consumer rights protection culture internally by establishing a daily reporting mechanism, building a platform for cross- region experience sharing, holding regular management exchange seminars, and conducting targeted training. Ping An has developed compulsory courses on consumer rights protection and conducted training for all entry-level new employees to comprehensively enhance employees' awareness of consumer rights protection. At the same time, Ping An has built a consumer insurance knowledge base platform covering internal and external consumer insurance trends and selected cases, and promoted the sharing of excellent experience by taking measures such as drawing a hierarchical consumer insurance system map. As of the end of December 2023, the coverage of training on consumer rights protection had reached 98. 5. Ping An Group paid great attention to education and publicity of consumer protection and conducted regular publicity and education activities by leveraging the Group's rich self-owned publicity channels and the advantages of wide distribution of regional institutions. In 2023, we responded positively to regulatory requirements and carried out a series of education and publicity activities during the special campaign period, which were comprehensive, effective, and creative. Consumer Rights Protection In strict accordance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, Ping An actively implements various requirements for the protection of consumer rights and interests under the leadership of the Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Board of Directors to integrate the protection of consumer rights and interests into corporate governance. The coverage of training on consumer rights protection had reached 98. 5 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 61Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening In 2023, Ping An launched a series of March 15 consumer rights protection education and publicity activities with the theme of 'Building a trustworthy consumer environment to boost financial consumer confidence', and organized nearly 10, 000 online and offline publicity activities, reaching more than 420 million consumers. In terms of online publicity, Ping An has produced a variety of financial and insurance knowledge popularization contents combined with original cases such as 'introducing insurance by case' and other consumer insurance knowledge class through the internal and external online platforms such as official WeChat public account and Ping An Auto Owner. In terms of offline publicity, Ping An gives full play to its professional advantages by setting up publicity booths, distributing publicity leaflets, and carrying out knowledge Q&A session on-site, so as to enhance the awareness of financial consumers' rights and interests protection, help consumers improve their ability to identify risks, and make consumers feel safer and more warm insurance services. In September 2023, during the Financial Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Education and Publicity Month, Ping An actively responded to the call of the National Financial Regulatory Administration, the People's Bank of China, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and the Cyberspace Administration of China and carried out more than 10, 000 education and publicity activities, including the education and publicity activities in 'the countryside, community, campus, enterprise, and business circle'. In this way, we can launch original consumer insurance videos and other publicity activities on the new media platform in the Ping An Finance Center in Shenzhen with the slogan of consumer insurance, reaching 650 million consumers. A Series of Activities for Consumer Rights ProtectionCase Ping An 3 15 Consumer Protection Week 2023 Education Day on Financial Consumer Protection The launching ceremony of schools activity by Ping An in Foshan Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 62Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Improving Customer Service Experience Ping An attaches great importance to customer experience, establishes a sound customer experience management mechanism, focuses on customer communication, customer experience culture construction, special optimization, assessment management for continuously promoting the optimization of customer experience management and providing customers with efficient and high-quality service experience. Ping An adopts customer-oriented approach, sets up multi-dimensional information communication channels, and actively responds to customer needs. As a comprehensive financial adviser for customers, AI intelligent customer service is now equipped with more than 12 million financial knowledge in insurance, banking, and wealth management, which can help address different problems regarding products in a one-stop and swift manner. In addition, Ping An expands its complaint channels in the complaint acceptance process by setting up complaint entrances in multiple channels such as its official website, sales system and its official account in WeChat. In addition, Ping An launched the national unified service hotline 95511, and set up a professional customer service team 24 7 to quickly respond to and solve consumer enquiries and complaints and provide professional and reasonable solutions. In 2023, 775 million people entered the line, and the average daily consultation was about 2. 12 million people, with a connection rate of 98. 0. Within the Group, Ping An actively promotes theories and cases about the advocacy of customer experience through customer experience case evaluation, customer experience information monthly and other activities and it also promotes communication and collaboration among member companies to foster an excellent customer experience culture. Ping An focuses on customer experience, strives to improve its professional service capabilities, and creates the premium experience with worry-free, time-saving and money-saving features for customers in multiple core business scenarios, making customers' lives simpler. In terms of worry-free services, Ping An provides a number of medical security and health services to make customers more comfortable in medical treatment. In terms of time-saving services, Ping An has established highly automated services to help customers save time in the whole process of insurance, medical treatment and claims through 1-minute insurance, health management and simplified claims process materials. In terms of cost- effective service, Ping An provides guarantee for affordability high-priced demand services to implement the cost-effective value proposition for customers. Customer CommunicationCustomer Experience CultureCustomer Experience Optimization Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 63Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening In 2023, Ping An released the Value Report on Worry-Free, Time-Saving and Money-Saving Capability of Ping An Group for the first time with reference to six major topics. They are health ecosystem, automotive ecosystem, investment and wealth management, credit products, insurance products, and integrated services. This report presents a full picture of the cutting-edge market trends in finance, insurance and healthcare, summarizes consumer demands for financial products from the worry-free, time-saving and money-saving perspectives, and highlights the market competitiveness of Ping An products in these three respects. Specifically, the report shows that in the field of integrated finance, Ping An's VIP one-stop customer service innovation service model has enhanced a number of financial products service capabilities of banking, credit, and production, and it greatly improved the convenience of integrated financial services. The coverage and timeliness of the car insurance services rank among the top of the industry, and the integrated finance strategy provides a synergistic advantage in terms of premiums. In terms of long-term life insurance, Ping An's three long-term insurance products can all align with home and elderly care, Zhen Living's community annuity and insurance trust services, in which the popularity of these products is taking the lead in the industry. Ping An Health Insurance realizes the integration of claim settlement and medical treatment through the whole process of exclusive family doctor link service. For Ping An Annuity Insurance, it provides compensation services for the elderly, children and foreigners, creating a significant differentiation advantage. Through virtual digital real person image, it guides users to report audio claims with simple words. Then through utilizing four major functional models such as the image type recognition, quality judgment, information verification, compliance testing to achieve real-time material quality control, automatic information recognition for the completion of the claim application, minimizing the user's claim reporting and application operations. At the same time, after the user submits the claim application, the AI backend realizes the intelligent entry of the audit field, the automatic review of the claims data, the active identification of liability risks, and the automatic calculation of the compensation amount, so as to achieve rapid claims settlement. As of the end of December 2023, the intelligent claims process had been piloted in a number of institutions, and the average time for users to report claims had been shortened to 2 minutes after the launching, which is significantly more effective than the traditional reporting process. The fastest process only takes 20 seconds to complete the report and the average claim application only takes 10 minutes, which is significantly more efficient than the traditional process. The proportion of problem cases is reduced by 5, which greatly improves the efficiency of the user application process. Elderly service hotlineSet up a specialized service hotline that enables elderly customers over 60 years old to get connected to the dedicated human customer service by calling 95511. The online calling service platform organizes all staff to learn relevant excellent cases and scripts, so as to improve the telephone service experience of elderly customers. Ping An Bank has invested professional resources to optimize the functions and continue to promote the barrier-free and age- friendly transformation of Ping An Pocket Bank APP. As of the end of December 2023, the cumulative number of users served by the aging-adapted version of the Pocket Bank APP exceeded 300, 000, and the cumulative number of users served by the barrier-free version exceeded 9, 500. By deploying customer experience evaluation contact points in core sections, monitored customer experience changes in real-time 24 7, all channels, and all scenarios, problems can be timely discovered and effectively improved. At the same time, Ping An timely understands customers' voices, supervises the implementation of various management requirements on the front line, and ensures the practical implementation of customer experience management requirements through in-depth interviews, service quality secret visits, and other methods. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 65Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Customer Privacy Protection Ping An Group attaches great importance to privacy protection and improves the customer privacy protection mechanism in terms of management structure, management system, management measures, management training and other aspects, so as to comprehensively improve the Group's customer privacy protection management level. Privacy Protection Management Framework Privacy Protection Management System Responsible for the top-level design and overall planning of customer privacy and information protection, based on national strategic planning and Group overall policies, establishing the Group's customer privacy protection strategy, scientifically formulating, and promoting the overall implementation deployment of the strategy. Each department implements specific plans for customer privacy and information protection in accordance with the Group's strategies and regulatory requirements, leads the organization to implement the customer privacy and information protection system, carries out daily management and protection work, coordinates various parties to effectively carry out privacy protection work, implements operational management mechanisms, implements privacy protection-related processes in daily business operations, and ensures the legal and compliant collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, and disclosure of relevant data. Ping An has formulated internal management regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Specification, Application System Development Specification, Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment Guidelines and Data Lifecycle Security Management Specificat ion to specify privacy protection management norms in various business processes. In application programs, users are clearly informed of the scope and purpose of the information collected in various scenarios through text prompts, pop-up reminders, user information filling, etc., and personal information is used within the authorized scope after obtaining user explicit consent, further solidifying the construction of privacy protection management systems. Board Level Management Level Execution LevelGuides and drives the establishment of customer privacy and information protection system, clarifies the responsibilities of various parties in customer privacy and information protection work, promotes the establishment of collaborative mechanisms, conducts decision review on major privacy management issues, and guides and supervises implementation. Through regular meetings, the management mechanisms are reviewed, organizational management systems and requirements are developed, supervision, accountability, and incentive management are carried out to ensure the effective implementation of management strategies, systems, processes, and measures. Management regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Specification clearly define the content of personal information rights protection. Ping An requires all business units to clearly state and establish convenient application acceptance and processing mechanisms for individuals to access, copy, transfer, correct, supplement, delete, and request the Group to explain its personal information processing rules. This requirement is clearly stated and implemented in the Privacy Agreement of each application program. Additionally, Ping An provides users with contact emails, phone numbers, and other channels to exercise these rights, ensuring users have convenient options for managing their personal data. Users can autonomously decide on modifying, changing, deleting, revoking consent, and querying authorization scope for their personal information on online service servers. Furthermore, the Group provides users with personalized exit functions, enabling users to decide whether to enable personalized recommendations in the application programs. Ping An follows the principles of compliance, clear purpose, and authorized consent and collects personal data based on the principle of minimal necessity. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, Ping An will retain users' personal information only for the necessary period to achieve the purpose of data collection. Additionally, Ping An integrates personal privacy protection into the full process of application program and related system development. It has launched personal information impact assessment tools, requiring privacy protection requirements to be implemented throughout the full process of project initiation, requirement analysis, detailed system design, system construction, testing, deployment, implementation, and operation and maintenance. Moreover, the Group conducts strict compliance assessments on personal privacy information management in various aspects, evaluates the effectiveness of privacy protection measures, and protects user privacy from the source. In response to the challenges associated with the circulation of data elements and the issue of data silos within the financial industry, Ping An Technology has developed a financial data privacy computing platform. This platform leverages technologies such as federated learning, secure multiparty computation, and advanced cryptography to establish comprehensive security architectures in data, algorithms, applications, and communication. It creates a paradigm tailored for the financial industry, where original data remains within its domain, making data accessible yet invisible. This platform has been broadly implemented across various Ping An member companies, including Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Bank, and Ping An Technology. With its online, zero-trust, and transparent solutions, the platform enhances the risk control measures and service optimization for insurance claims, significantly improves the overall financial risk management and marketing efficiency and protects user data privacy and security. For the convenience of users to use third-party services, Ping An will inform users of the data shared, sharing methods, and recipients, and obtain user consent in advance. When entrusting third parties to process data, Ping An strictly reviews the scope of data entrusted and ensures that it is used within the minimum necessary range. When sharing data, Ping An obtains user explicit consent in advance and ensures data transmission security through methods such as desensitization and encryption. When signing agreements, Ping An clearly defines the rights and responsibilities of both parties, ensuring data security requirements for outsourced business processing and external data sharing while meeting business objectives. Privacy Protection Management Training Ping An continuously strengthens customer privacy protection and deepens data security governance. Through privacy protection management training, Ping An continuously strengthens customer privacy protection and data security management, fully respects users' privacy rights, and legally safeguards users' legitimate rights and interests. Ping An regularly provides comprehensive privacy protection training for all employees and related third-party personnel, aiming to help employees understand the importance and precautions of privacy and data protection, enhance employees' compliance awareness and professional competence in privacy protection, promote the comprehensive implementation of the Group's privacy protection policies, and effectively safeguard the privacy security of consumers. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 68Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Employee satisfaction score (points)The coverage rate of Core Personnel Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan( )Training hours per employee (hours)Key Performance The employee satisfaction score reached 87 points, marking an improvement of 2 points over the result of last year. The coverage rate of Core Personnel Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan reached 36. The average training hours per employee reached 45. 1 hours, with sustained growth for two consecutive years. Points 36 45. 1 Hours 2022 20238587 2022 2021 2023252936 2022 2021 202328. 5440. 8045. 13Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents Ping An adheres to the talent philosophy of upholding integrity and innovation, continuously attracts and accommodates talents from all walks of life, different cultures, and backgrounds. Under the guidance of the new value culture, we focus on cultivating and discovering talents, improving talent pipeline, and supporting the Group's strategic agility and upgrading through continuous talent development. SUN Jianping Chief Human Resources Officer of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 69Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Regarding employees as the most valuable assets, Ping An insists on the management mission of a career plan, joyful work and easy life to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of all employees. Employees' Rights and Diversity Ping An insists on the people-centered philosophy and respects and actively protects the rights and interests of each employee. We are committed to ensuring that all our employees enjoy their legal rights and will receive equal pay for equal work as required by the requirements of the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China. At the same time, Ping An opposes any form of employment discrimination and provides open, fair, and just opportunities in recruitment, compensation, benefits, and promotion for candidates of different nationalities, races, ethnicities, religious beliefs, ages, and genders. Additionally, when formulating or amending regulations and systems that affect the vital interests of employees, Ping An ensures that they are reviewed and discussed by the staff representative assembly, exercising democratic rights to effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of each employee. These courses cover topics such as workplace anti-discrimination and anti- harassment, including clear definitions of workplace harassment. Additionally, Ping An provides employees with a range of incentives and material benefits to enhance our performance in diversity, equality, and inclusiveness. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had a total of 288, 751 employees, cultivating a diverse workforce in terms of gender, age, and other dimensions. Once identified, such misconducts will be rectified or disciplined in a strict manner, to safeguard equality and employee safety in workplace. Under the guidance of the strategy on developing a quality workforce in the new era, we develop our talent system around integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare, and constantly attract top talents to ensure talent competitiveness. Focusing on the Group's development needs, Ping An has continuously enriched and improved the talent management system, established a diversified talent introduction and internal training mechanism, and stockpiled the best industry leaders and high-potential talents for the Group by both internal training and external attraction. Ping An provides diversity, equality, and inclusiveness-related training to all employees, offering courses such as the Recruiting and Retaining Diverse Talent, Why Diverse Teams are Important for Organizational Success, Women's Growth Series, and Managing Cross-Cultural Teams to enhance their awareness and understanding of diversity, equality, and inclusiveness. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 71Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Talent Pipeline Development Strategy Based on strategic vision and business models, Ping An strategically plans human resources management, combining industry talent trends and internal demand analysis to develop detailed annual manpower allocation plans. Through regular talent inventory and annual review, Ping An dynamically adjusts manpower allocation plans to ensure alignment between talent supply and group development needs. Furthermore, Ping An fully considers the cyclical nature of talent development, continuously strengthening talent pipeline construction. Through horizontal and vertical talent recommendation channels, Ping An actively develops new pools of talent to optimize talent management mechanisms, providing strong support for the sustainable and healthy development of the Group. Ping An has always placed high importance on building talent pipelines. Through systematic, planned, and hierarchical selection and training of reserve talents, we have established talent pipelines at various levels to continuously strengthen talent reserves. This model utilizes unified standards and processes for selection and employment, aligning closely with job profiles. This systematic and planned approach ensures classified management, training, and development work. This platform enables end-to-end management of talent pipelines, continuously enhancing the overall quality and level of the cadre team. This ensures a steady stream of high-quality talents to provide strong support for the sustained high-quality development of the Group. In talent selection, Ping An combines the three-dimensional talent map with the 8Q TEL competency assessment model to select talent efficiently and fairly. Internal Referrals and Selection Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 72Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Employee Training and Development Ping An values internal talent cultivation and adheres to the training philosophy that knowledge creates value. In 2023, the average training duration per person in the Ping An Group reached 45. 1 hours. Building of a Diverse Talent Development System To meet the learning needs of employees at various levels during key development stages such as onboarding, promotion, and talent advancement, we have focused on building the Talent Development Key Stage Training System. This training system includes 375 high-quality online and offline courses, with nearly 2. 8 million cumulative learning participants since its launch, effectively meeting the diverse needs of talent development within the Group. This ensures better support for individuals to quickly adapt to their environment, transition roles, and create value. The NEO Training Camp focuses on cultivating a Ping An mindset and work style. Through a combination of online and offline activities, direct supervisor involvement, and phased content integration, the training camp aims to effectively embed cultural values. The program focuses on strategic culture, general skills, and essential knowledge learning. During the adaptation period, it is divided into three stages Understanding Ping An, Efficient Office Work, Self- Improvement. Through the online learning platform, a variety of high-quality courses with rich content and diverse formats are automatically delivered, covering all new employees, to help them quickly integrate into Ping An. In addition, for both experienced hires and campus recruits, Ping An provides a combined online and offline onboarding training program to help new employees transition from being new Ping An People to feeling Ping An at heart. The program includes a variety of rich course formats and content, such as executive face-to- face meetings, benchmark employee sharing sessions, and experiential activities. The focus is on helping new employees gain a comprehensive understanding of the Group's business, enhance their job-fit capabilities, and quickly integrate into Ping An. These mechanisms are designed to provide systematic training on strategic priorities, business focuses, and managerial needs at different levels. Managerial and Leadership Development Training Comprehensive Succession Planning & Development Programs at Multiple Levels Emphasis is placed on cultivating basic management skills, team leadership abilities, and communication skills for managers. This includes mastering methodologies and capabilities for collaborating with superiors, colleagues, and subordinates to form synergy and achieve goals. Emphasis is placed on cultivating the ability to explore the underlying logic of business, master new models, and achieve innovative breakthroughs. Specialized Empowerment Directions Emphasis is placed on enhancing abilities such as structural thinking and project management, empowering grassroots employees to master clear thinking, agile work, accurate expression, and the ability to persuade others. Job Levels Senior management personnel Middle to junior management personnel General employees In 2023, Ping An organized a specialized empowerment training camp for senior management personnel with the theme Innovation Power - Exploring New Growth Curves to achieve the goal of upgrading their innovation capabilities. This training camp created a training-battle integration hybrid learning program, combining online and offline training to help senior management build a comprehensive framework for innovative thinking and further identify and explore new business opportunities. The project covered a total of 160 senior management personnel and resulted in the creation of 16 collaborative proposals. Innovation-Driven Innovation Training CampCase Ping An's Innovation-Driven Innovation Training Camp Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 74Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Since 2018, Ping An has initiated the restructuring of its professional course system to meet the learning needs of all employees across the organization. This effort includes creating a comprehensive map of job-related learning, establishing intelligent practice scenarios, and providing resources such as a course-sharing platform and system construction methods to continuously upgrade the professional learning resource system. Ping An Group has developed tailored training plans for employees in various business sectors such as insurance, banking, asset management, and technology to help them enhance their professional skills and overall job competency. As of the end of December 2023Specialized Career Development Training Program Job-specific development training programsCourse System Restructuring Job Learning Panorama Intelligent Practice ScenariosThe setup of job-specific course tags reached 655, with over 45, 000 associated courses covering various job sequences such as marketing, technology, and operations. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 75Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Insurance PositionsBanking Positions Asset management PositionsTechnology Positions Ping An has constructed a refined and intelligent training system based on years of company experience. This system combines theoretical knowledge with practical training to precisely cultivate top talents in the insurance industry who possess diverse abilities. During the initial training period, emphasis is placed on solidifying newcomers' professional foundations through a combination of theoretical learning and practical exercises. In the advancement training phase, employees are promoted based on business talent demands, and their skills are further enhanced through theoretical learning and case studies. In the expert training phase, diverse capabilities are cultivated through practical case studies and professional discussions to nurture top-tier industry experts. With 153 specialized courses and over 300 typical case studies, employees at all stages are empowered to enhance their professional skills. Claims Positions Ping An has focused on three main objectives standardization, accelerated growth, and orderly succession. The Group continuously optimizes its training system, with a key emphasis on building a learning resource library specifically tailored for claims. This library includes over 500, 000 pieces of medical information related to diseases, 2, 000 pieces of professional language materials, historical claims approvals, differentiated audit rules, and various typical case studies. Ping An strengthens its intelligent training operations by employing an AI- guided approach, which assists claims reviewers in addressing complex issues. In 2023, the resolution rate reached as high as 89. 7. Ping An focuses on key roles such as private banking financial advisors and corporate client managers. Corporate Client Managers To implement refined management in the sales process and enhance the digital marketing capabilities of the corporate sales team, a specialized training program for corporate client managers includes three components Corporate Case Competition, Credit Report Competition, and Learning Digital Marketing and Intelligent Tools. These components aim to assist corporate client managers in improving the refinement of the sales process, thereby facilitating project reserves and business implementation. Targeting key positions such as fund managers, Ping An has designed a curriculum structured around five fundamental training modules fundamental knowledge, investment strategies, risk management, client communication, and team collaboration. This training approach combines online video seminars and roadshows, offline specialized seminars and debriefs, regular tracking and evaluation of investment performance, and internal knowledge sharing sessions, effectively enhancing the investment capabilities of staff in these roles. Additionally, it strengthens their risk management skills and fosters better teamwork and communication abilities. In 2023, three offline training sessions were conducted with the themes of Domain-Driven Design, Microservices Governance, and Service Mesh, cultivating 55 outstanding architects from 13 companies and consolidating 8 practical business cases. Tailored to different career development stages and the entire employee lifecycle, Ping An offers personalized training courses on general skills, professional skills, and leadership development for all levels of employees. These courses cover various themes including corporate strategy, management decisions, personal growth, skill enhancement, and workplace well- being. In terms of training resources and platform construction, As of the end of December 2023, the Group expanded both internal and external high-quality online course resources to reach 67, 400 courses. The total number of online learning participants exceeded 40. 41 million annually, with the highest monthly active rate on the online learning platform reaching 98. 04. Additionally, the Ping An Financial Education Training Center offers face-to-face and live broadcast training for employees at all levels. In 2023, a total of 939 training sessions were conducted across the country. Ping An Implements an employee learning credit passport model to track the training progress of each employee, linking it with Training Content Development Training Platform Development The Group expanded both internal and external high- quality online course resources to reach The total number of online learning participants exceeded The highest monthly active rate on the online learning platform reached 67, 400 courses 40. 41 million annually 98. 04 learning credits to promote the planned and proactive learning of all employees. This initiative enhances the organizational learning atmosphere and further strengthens the construction of a learning-oriented organization. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 77Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Partners with educational institutions to develop joint training programs for staff Ping An continues to strengthen its collaboration with educational institutions, employing methods such as joint training and introducing excellent courses to provide employees with more professional and comprehensive learning and training resources, as well as opportunities for collaborative exchanges. This approach aims to continuously enhance employees' professional knowledge and practical skills. Representatives from the Ministry of Education, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and 30 universities in the country (including Fudan University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Zhejiang University, Sun Yat-sen University, Wuhan University) were invited to exchange views. We also discussed the mechanism of industry-education integration and innovated a government-industry- university-research model for talent cultivation. Second Workshop on Industry-University CooperationCase The Photo of school-enterprise strategic partnership award ceremonyJoint Course Seminar between Ping An Life Insurance and Fudan University In 2023, to further enhance the professionalism of the employee training curriculum, Ping An Life Insurance collaborated with Fudan University to organize the Ping An MVP Visits Prestigious Universities Program course seminar. During the seminar, the Ping An curriculum research team and professors from Fudan University engaged in in-depth discussions and exchanges on the content of six major modules Macro Perspective, Pension Topics, Asset Allocation, Tax Planning, Legal Practices, and Financial Instruments. This initiative aims to promote the comprehensiveness, systematicity, and practicality of the employee training curriculum. In 2023, Ping An Property & Casualty co-established the Joint Laboratory of HUST and Ping An Property & Casualty with HUST. Both parties will leverage extensive expertise and advanced technologies accumulated for years in the field of AI and big data, to tackle core technical challenges. The Group provides training courses, fee subsidies, and other resources to all employees, aiming to help them enhance their professional capabilities. Support for Degree Programs and Certifications Through Ping An's internal training platform ZhiNiao Platform, we provide employees preparing for professional examinations with exam preparation resources and training courses covering areas such as marketing, products, technology, and operations. The content includes professional courses, case studies, tools, and methods, and is freely accessible to all employees. This comprehensive support helps employees enhance their professional skills. Employees in various fields who participate in and pass examinations such as regulatory- required professional qualification exams (such as securities qualification exams, fund qualification exams, etc.) or authoritative professional qualification exams (such as CFA, ACCA, FRM, CMA, CAMS, CGSS, CPCU, CISP, CISA, PMP, actuarial exams, system architecture designers, system analysts, etc., totaling over a hundred certification exams) are eligible for examination fee support. For instance, to enhance the training of professionals in two core areas (underwriting and claims assessment), we offer professional certification exams for employees at various levels such as entry-level, junior, and intermediate. These certifications are aligned with the requirements and are supported by specialized courses. In cooperation with universities, we encourage employees to take further studies in pursuit of higher degrees. Leveraging the comprehensive learning system, employees can improve their ability and professional skills, thus in return facilitating the Group's fast development. This support includes offering priority enrollment slots for employees seeking to pursue higher education degrees. Performance Appraisal WorkflowThe Group has established a fair and just performance management system to ensure alignment between corporate strategic goals and individual work plans, driving the decomposition of corporate strategy and business objectives at all levels. Utilizing tools such as the 8Q TEL competency assessment model, Ping An conducts regular performance evaluations annually, assessing performance based on results, competency dimensions, and development potential. The performance assessment process includes five key stages plan formulation, goal decomposition, execution tracking, performance evaluation, and interview counselling, ensuring fairness and efficiency in selection. Additionally, the Group requires monthly communication between supervisors and employees, along with semi-annual and annual performance evaluation interviews, helping employees fully understand their strengths and weaknesses and continuously optimizing the performance management system. In 2023, all employees of the Group were appraised. Performance Management Planning FormulationGoal DecompositionExecution TrackingPerformance EvaluationPerformance Review and CoachingPerformance AppraisalResult Application01 02 03 04 05 06 07 Supervisors and employees engage in communication based on the organization's overall strategy, business objectives, and employee job responsibilities, to reach consensus on the employee's phased work objectives and action plans. Supervisors and employees engage in thorough communication to align goals and decompose them hierarchically from top to bottom, forming a complete strategic transmission framework. Supervisors at all levels track and review goal attainment on a monthly basis with employees, continuously correcting and improving performance to ensure accurate and efficient execution of tasks, ultimately achieving the set objectives. Supervisors conduct comprehensive evaluations semi-annually or annually, assessing employees' achievement of stage- specific performance, current job competency, and future development trends. This evaluation encompasses a thorough review of work performance, recognizing achievements, identifying areas for improvement, and assisting employees in enhancing their skills. Supervisors conduct regular face-to-face meetings with employees to engage in in-depth discussions and coaching sessions. Through these interactions, employees gain insights into their strengths and weaknesses, and receive guidance on specific actions and directions for improvement. Supervisors conduct semi- annual or annual appraisals of employee performance, evaluating the achievement of performance objectives based on the actual value contributed by the employee. Performance appraisal results are determined with fairness and impartiality to foster a competitive yet equitable atmosphere. Utilizing the assessment outcomes, differentiated resource allocation is implemented in areas such as career development and salary adjustments. This fosters a constructive competitive environment and activates organizational vitality. Under the principle of work- based distribution, scientific salary management is carried out in conjunction with employee performance appraisals to motivate employees to continuously improve their personal capabilities and grow together with the company. Deferred Payment and Recovery Mechanism Ping An's senior management and key position holders strictly adhere to regulatory requirements for deferred payment of performance-based compensation. At the same time, Ping An establishes a mechanism for the recovery of performance-based compensation for senior management and key position holders, fully leveraging the guiding role of performance-based compensation in corporate management. This ensures that compensation incentives are aligned with performance after risk adjustments, prevents aggressive or illegal behaviors, and promotes stable and sustainable development. While ensuring prudent operation, it also safeguards the long-term, sustainable, and healthy development of Ping An Group. Participants in the Core Personnel Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan include directors, employee representative supervisors, and senior management personnel of Ping An Group and its member companies. As of the end of December 2023, a total of 103, 232 employees participated in the Core Personnel Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan. Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Employees participating in the Core Personnel Stock Ownership Plan and Long-Term Service Plan (person)103, 232 101, 136 89, 304Corporate StrategyCompany Annual Objectives Planning Formulation01 Goal Decompos- ition02 Execution Tracking03Performance Evaluation04Face-to-face meetingsCoaching05 Semi- annually annuallyPerfor- mance Appraisal06 Result Appli- cation07 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 81Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Employee Care and Communication Ping An always pays attention to employees' happiness and sense of belonging. Ping An cares about the physical and mental health of employees, adhering to laws and regulations by paying social insurance and housing provident fund contributions. In addition to ensuring statutory holidays for employees, Ping An provides rich benefits for all employees and continuously optimizes the office environment to create a healthy and warm working atmosphere. Non-pay and Non-statutory Benefits System Establish a health management platform to support employees in directly accessing online consultations and hospital appointments, while periodically inviting health experts to conduct lectures. Arrange featured holidays such as blood donation leave, and public welfare leave to encourage employees' engagement in philanthropic endeavors; provide professional exam leave to employees for continuous learning and professional development; and offer other welfare leaves like flexible attendance on birthday to show care for employees. Additionally, through this platform, we send congratulatory messages to employees on occasions such as birthdays and work anniversaries, celebrating important moments together with them. Ping An encourages employees to cultivate and develop personal interests and hobbies outside of work to achieve a balance between work and life. These activities include swimming, tennis, badminton, basketball, photography, frisbee, etc. These activities included health sports, youth gatherings, social welfare, etc., with more than 30, 000 employees participating. In addition, we have included occupational health and safety- related issues in our training courses, set up emergency management plans and conducted annual fire safety drills to raise employees' safety awareness. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An Group had 17 projects certified under the WELL Health and Safety Rating Code (WELL HSR). Each member company of the Group has established trade union in accordance with the law, to safeguard the legal rights and interests of employees, and promote the high-quality business development, with an establishment rate and a membership rate of 100. In addition, the Group has advanced the establishment of a Staff Congress system by member companies. Issues, systems, elections of Board of Directors and Supervisors and reports on work involving employees' interests should be all reviewed and approved by the Staff Congress. Engagement surveys to monitor employee satisfaction To monitor employee satisfaction, Ping An has established a closed-loop mechanism for engagement survey, feedback and improvement, which is regularly implemented to cover all employees and multiple dimensions. In the 2023 Annual Employee Satisfaction Survey, Ping An conducted a targeted investigation among all employees on key issues such as corporate culture, organizational identity, continuous service, and institutional development. The results showed that the overall employee satisfaction score reached 87 points, marking an improvement over the past result. At the same time, we conducted the loyalty and engagement survey for our employees, with a loyalty score of 90 (out of 100), and engagement score of 92 (out of 100). Through continuous improvement of internal communication mechanisms and other measures, we aim to continuously enhance overall employee satisfaction with organizational management and increase employee job satisfaction. Employee Satisfaction Score Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 83Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Agent Development and Training Sticking to the concept of Expertise Creates Value, Ping An always attaches great importance to agents' career development and diversifies the training system for different groups through the Talent Project. This provides better benefits and career supports to agents from aspects such as higher-quality training and rights protection. Ping An has invested RMB 610 million in training, with offline training covering 8. 2 million participants and online training covering 52. 25 million participants. Agent Benefits and Welfare Sticking to the people-centered concept, Ping An Group focuses on the sustainable development and cultivation of agents. In addition, Ping An provides humanistic care for agents and safeguards their rights and interests, to enhance their sense of belonging and identity in the insurance industry. In addition, we provide communication channels for agents to express their opinions and demands and protect the legitimate rights and interests of agents to express themselves freely. In 2023, Ping An upgraded the new recruit training allowance policy and implemented the Talent project in an all-round way to increase the number of agents and enhance their quality development. At the same time, Ping An provides a number of welfare benefits, including four basic benefits, a pension fund, a long-term service award, and a care plan for senior department managers. The Group promotes the high-quality transformation and structural optimization of agents to protect their legal rights and interests and empowers agents by providing a variety of training sessions. Through a combination of offline gatherings and online cloud courses, we solidify their professional skills, guiding outstanding agents to enhance their expertise. Growth-Oriented Training Practical Training Leveraging the positioning of outstanding agents, we establish a Wealth and Health Insurance Planner evaluation system. This system comprehensively covers wealth, health, and retirement courses, promoting graded certification for all staff and facilitating the transformation of the team towards a three-high model. Assessment-Oriented Training In order to build agents' professionalism and enhance their sense of belonging and identity to the insurance business, Ping An has focused on the core group of Talent, top performers and supervisors, continuously optimized the training curriculum, enriched the faculty and upgraded the Task Self-learning dual-driven learning platform, providing centralized face- to-face teaching, dual-teacher classroom and remote decentralized learning modes to support agents' diversified and multi-scene learning and help them transform into a high-quality team. Meanwhile, an internal external certification system has been introduced, including Ping An Certification for Health Service Marketing Ambassador, Ping An Certification for Excellent Manager (PCAL), and six certifications for high performers, to empower and certify agents. In addition, we also provide financial support for agents to encourage them to acquire certificates and become a leading agent in the industry. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 84Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Key Performance Ping An achieved a total gross premium of RMB 300. 3 billion through customers' self-service insurance renewals with AI guidance. The cumulative number of patent applications reached 51, 533. AI agents served about 2. 22 billion times. Intelligent claims processes helped reduce RMB 10. 82 billion losses. globally 2. 22 billion 10. 82 in RMB billionThe cumulative number of patent applications (items) 2022 2023 202138, 42046, 07751, 533 5Source White Paper on Patent Analysis in Fintech Industry 2023 and White Paper on Patent Analysis in Healthcare Industry 2023, published by Intellectual Property Publishing House Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 85Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening honored as the Shenzhen High-Value and High- Quality Patent Incubation Award Project 2023 and gained recognition from panels of experts for the patent layout. Ping An Bank's Ping An Nebula IoT Platform was rated as the Top 100 Projects in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area High-Value Patent Portfolio Layout Competition 2023. Two projects of Ping An Technology - the Financial AskBob and the Financial Data Privacy Computing Platform were awarded the second prizes of 2022 Award for Fintech Development by the People's Bank of China. The anti-fraud model ranked first in terms of accuracy in the Anti- fraud Center of the Ministry of Public Security for 6 consecutive months and has intercepted suspicious capital over RMB 9 billion since its launch. In the cyber-attack and Technical Inputs and Outputs Ping An continues to focus on developing core technologies and securing proprietary IPRs. As of the end of December 2023, the number of patent applications for the Group had increased by 5, 456 from the beginning of the year to 51, 533, ranking in the forefront of international financial institutions. The number of applications for Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) and overseas patents totaled 9, 346, ranking first globally in both financial technology and healthcare fields. While continuously investing in R&D to build leading technological capabilities, Ping An actively participates in various global contests and has received international recognition in sensing technology and AI. For instance, in 2023, Ping An Technology's Human Motion Analysis Technology for Interactive Digital People won two gold medals and one bronze medal in ACM MMSports Challenge. It was also With high-quality development driven by digitalization, Ping An focuses on the transformation and upgrading of main businesses, and made sales promotion, efficiency improvement, and risk control through technology-driven financial services. The proportion of patent applications for invention patents reached nearly 95 Top 1 globallyThe number of applications for Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) and overseas patents totaled 9, 346 ranked in the number of patent applications for fintech and healthcare prevention drill, Lufax Holding achieved the automated handling of security incidents through the deployment of expert, linkage security equipment and external threat intelligence, and won the Excellent Blue Team award. Meanwhile, Ping An provides customers with a variety of products and services with advanced technologies. Ping An focuses on the needs of transformation and upgrading of main business and uses technology to empower its financial business for sales promotion, efficiency improvement and risk control. In 2023, Ping An achieved a total gross premium of RMB 300. 3 billion through customers' self-service insurance renewals with AI guidance, with a year-on year growth of 13. AI agents served about 2. 22 billion times. Meanwhile, intelligent claims processing helped the Group reduced RMB 10. 82 billion losses, with a year-on-year growth of 16. Ping An Property & Casualty has also developed the AI automatic loss determination technology, by which accident vehicle losses can be automatically identified through pictures. Loss determination time is shortened to within 30 minutes from taking pictures to getting results. Ping An Property & Casualty launched agricultural insurance products of fast self-service claim settlement, and the processing time for customer claims is thereby reduced from 18 days to 24 hours. Technology-Driven Managed Care Model Ping An continuously implements the Healthy China strategy and comprehensively promotes the construction of a healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem. By enhancing medical R&D and building a leading platform for remote diagnosis and treatment, we effectively support the sustainable development of the healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem by building technological capabilities in a forward- looking manner. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had the world's largest number of healthcare related patent applications. Technology-Driven Low- Carbon Transformation Ping An leverages the leading technological capabilities to build an ESG management platform, which effectively improves ESG management. In 2023, in response to the national ESG and dual-carbon policies, Ping An Property & Casualty established an enterprise carbon account system. The system helps enterprises with energy conservation and carbon reduction, cost saving, as well as quantifiable, visual, participatory, and shareable carbon reduction. The carbon accounts measure carbon energy according to the average amount generated by customers' online low-carbon behaviors, and record carbon footprint in operation. As of the end of December 2023, 19, 227 enterprises in total had been involved in carbon account activities, realizing an accumulative carbon reduction of 21, 760, 000 grams, equivalent to saving 1, 360, 000 pieces of A4 insurance paper. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 87Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Sustainable Supply Chains Key Performance 100 of supplier contracts have included sustainability requirements. ESG training sessions covered 100 of suppliers. In addition, we put forward anti-corruption requirements for our partners, including contractors and suppliers. In 2023, 99. 2 of our partners signed the Integrity Statement. In addition, Ping An efficiently improves suppliers' ESG performance in product quality, job skills, compliance management, and employees' rights and interests by actively carrying out supplier communications and training. In 2023, our ESG training sessions covered 100 of suppliers. Number of suppliers 4, 492 Supplier ESG training coverage ( ) 100 Signing rate of the Integrity Statement ( ) 99. 2 Ping An has diversified supply channels and is committed to establishing win-win and long-term mutually beneficial cooperation relationships with suppliers. Ping An has continuously optimized procurement services, timely fulfilled the payment agreements, and proactively promoted higher sustainable development levels in suppliers. Ping An developed the Policy Statement on Sustainable Supply Chain of Ping An Group, and the Detailed Measures for Management of Procurement Business Suppliers to establish a thorough supplier management system with a focus on the business development and demands. We integrated ESG requirements into the closed supply chain management, from selection & verification, management & integrity to tracking & feedback. Ping An focuses on suppliers' ESG performance in aspects of environmental protection, employee rights and interests, and risk management. Meanwhile, Ping An, together with suppliers, jointly fulfils social responsibilities and obligations. Ping An adds ESG requirements to existing supplier contracts, including information security and privacy protection, low-carbon and green technology transformation and development, Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 89Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening SUSTAINABLE GOVERNANCE05 Ping An has launched China's rst national mangrove carbon index insurance and charitable trust for mangrove conservation. The Group o ered compre- hensive nancial services to support the development of the Shenzhen Inter- national Mangrove Center. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 Key Performance Since 2012, Ping An's total dividend has exceeded RMB 300 billion. In 2023, Ping An participated in 354 investor meetings. The dividend has continued to increase for 12 consecutive years. in RMB billion354 investor meetings12 Dividend (in RMB 100 million) 2012 2011 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023500 400 300 200 100 0Corporate Governance In 2023, facing the complexity and uncertainty of the macro environment, Ping An adheres to customer-oriented principles, deepens the integrated finance healthcare and elderlycare strategy, improves corporate governance and risk control mechanisms, and continues to strive for long-term, steady, and sustainable maximization of value for our customers, employees, shareholders, and society. SUN Jianyi Chairman of Supervisory Committee of the Group Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 91Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Governance Structure Ping An strictly follows applicable laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the People's Republic of China and the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China to set a model of corporate governance and deliver stable return to shareholders, establish and continuously improve our governance structure in an internationally standardized manner. After more than 30 years of practice, Ping An has formed a clear board positioning, a professional board composition, a standardized operating process, and a board culture focused on value creation, ensuring the Group's long-term, stable and rapid development. The General Meetings of Shareholders ( General Meetings ), the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee ( Supervisory Committee ) and the Executive Committee ( Executive Committee ) of the Company exercised their rights and performed their obligations as mandated by the Articles of Association respectively, with efficient cooperation and effective check and balance. The following is the corporate governance structure of Ping An Female Board members Percentage of female board directors 3 20 Board Independence and Diversity The 12th Board of Directors of Ping An includes 6 Independent Non-executive Directors, accounting for more than 1 3 of the total numbers of directors. This composition complies with the requirements of each regulatory authority in the regions where the shares of the Company are listed. The nomination and appointment of members of the Board of Directors will be based on the skills and experience required for the overall operation of the Board, considering the aforementioned diversity factors to ensure that the members have the necessary knowledge and professional experience to perform their duties. As of the end of December 2023, we had 3 female Board members in the Group, accounting for 20. At the same time, we continue to provide training for the members of the Board of Directors, covering a variety of areas, including risk management, anti-corruption, digital transformation, information security, climate risk management, climate information disclosure, sustainable finance and other sustainable development-related issues. Executive CommitteeNomination and Remuneration Committee Audit and Risk Management Committee CommitteeStrategy and Investment Committee Related Party Transaction Control and Consumer Rights Protection CommitteeBoard Supervisory Committee General Meetings Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 92Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Legal and Compliant Information DisclosuresProtect Shareholders' Rights and Interests The Board of Directors of Ping An and all relevant units perform the duty of information disclosure of listed company in strict accordance with laws, regulations and the requirements of the Articles of Association. At the same time, the Company further implements its sustainable development strategy and fully integrates ESG standards into corporate management. Since the A-share listing, the Company has distributed annual and interim cash dividends every year, except for certain years. The Company's profit distribution scheme is made on well-established decision-making procedure and mechanism, with specific and clear dividend standards and proportion. The scheme conforms to the provisions of the Articles of Association and relevant review procedures, ensuring protection of the legitimate rights and interests of investors. In 2023, Ping An paid a dividend of RMB 2. 43 per share. In addition, in response to the regulatory call to promote the internationalization of RMB in an orderly manner and support the HKD-RMB Dual Counter Model launched by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Ping An swiftly responded and became one of the first batch of Hong Kong listed companies to launch RMB counter for trading. This move has enhanced investment flexibility and potentially brought about more opportunities for liquidity. As of the end of December 2023, among the Board of Directors, Mr. Ng Sing Yip (Independent Non-Executive Director) served as a Crown Counsel in the Department of Justice of the Government of the HKSAR and served as an Assistant Group Legal Consultant, a Deputy Head of the Legal and Compliance Department, and the Head of Legal and Compliance in Asia Pacific of HSBC Bank and has over 35 years of experience in the financial sector and nearly 40 years of experience in the legal risk control. Mr. Ng Kong Ping Albert (Independent Non- Executive Director) now serves as an independent director of large enterprises such as China International Capital Corporation Limited and served as the Chairman of Ernst & Young China, Managing Partner of Ernst & Young in Greater China and a member of The EY Global Executive and has more than 30 years of experience in risk management, internal control and financial accounting. Mr. JIN Li (Independent Non-Executive Director) serves as the vice president of Southern University of Science and Technology and is a member of the Board of Directors and the Academic Committee of the Global Corporate Governance Colloquia (GCGC). He is also an Independent Non-Executive Director of Guosen Securities Co., Ltd. and other financial institutions, and has quite rich experience in capital markets, international investment and financing, and corporate finance. Mr. Wang Guangqian (Independent Non-Executive Director), served as the president of the Central University of Finance and Economics, and now serves as the vice president of China Society for Finance & Banking and the China Modern Finance Society. He has extensive experience in monetary and financial theory and policy, and economic and financial development. He is an expert in accounting and has extensive experience in accounting and risk management. Mr. LIU Hong is the vice president of the Chinese Association for Artificial Intelligence and has been long dedicating in AI and robotics. He has rich industry experience and numerous scientific research achievements, and is a leading-edge expert in relevant fields in China. Directors with diversified background provide professional support for effective decision-making of the Board of Directors Insurance, actuarial, technology, banking, investment, accounting, law, management, engineering and so on. Through multi-channel communication methods and platforms, Ping An actively, enthusiastically and efficiently provides services for domestic and foreign institutional and individual investors, deepening exchanges and understanding between the Company and investors. The Company focuses on key areas and its main business and strengthen communication with capital market in the areas of integrated finance strategy, healthcare and elderlycare ecosystem, customer management and business development. We announced the Company's annual and quarterly results through public briefings, video conferences, teleconferences and offline roadshows. In addition, the Company communicates with small and medium investors through various channels, such as SSE e-interactive platform, official website, email and telephone, to better understand the demands of small and medium investors, enhancing mutual understanding and trust. on-site results announcements in 20232 teleconferences for results announcement2 In terms of investor engagement, the Company's general meeting adopts a combination of on-site voting and online voting, making it more convenient for investors to participate in voting. In addition, the Company sets up a shareholders' question and answer session at each general meeting. During the session, the Company's chairman, general manager and other main leaders respond to invertors inquires face to face, providing a convenient and quick channel for investors to understand Ping An and participate in its corporate governance. investor meetings354 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 94Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Key PerformanceBusiness Code of Conduct Ping An carried out more than 5, 800 activities concerning ethical standards and anti- corruption. More than5, 800 100 Ping An adheres to the concept of Compliance 1, always considers compliance management as one of the foundations of its business operation. CAI Fangfang Senior Vice President of the Group Verification rate of petition and reporting was 100. 100 Arranged 46 training and promotion activities of intellectual right protection. In this case, we strictly comply with industrial and local laws and regulations, and have developed rules and regulations that apply to all member companies, suppliers and partners. Tax Policy Ping An always keeps in mind the business principle of Honesty and law-abiding, Compliance 1, and rigorously follows the requirements of laws and regulations. The Group also strengthens tax risk prevention and builds up a tax management team as well as improving the internal risk control of taxation. Antitrust and Fair Competition Ping An follows antitrust laws and regulations, strictly reviews all M&A transactions, and conducts Ping An adheres to operation integrity and business ethics, and continuously enhances the supervision and management of employees' behavior and business ethics, by putting the Audit and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors in charge of managing business ethics and anti-corruption. Ping An has issued and implemented the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, the Employee's Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, the Code of Employee Conduct Value, the Policy Statement on Responsible Product Management of Ping An Group and the Policy Statement on Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery of Ping An Group, thus keep improving the management practice from perspectives including corporate business ethics, employee business conduct, responsible product and anti-corruption. Furthermore, internal control departments of the Group and the member companies perform annual internal audit on the implementation of the Business Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, the Employee' s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, and Policy Statement on Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery of Ping An Group that scopes in all Ping An's main businesses. In 2023, Ping An paid close attention to risks regarding employees' conduct, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, fraud and other areas in accordance with the regulatory and internal management requirements. Regular and special audits, among other measures, are conducted to urge the whole Group to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, and internal control standards, to maintain a high level of compliance with the code of business ethics. Strict regulation on charitable donations and sponsorship ensure that fair business competition will not be threatened by relevant donations and supportive actions. Ping An reviews the legality and compliance of M&A and other commercial transactions by just and fair assessment. Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance Ping An strictly follows the laws and regulations on anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, and sanctions compliance, improves the internal control system and working mechanism, and strengthens control procedures and measures. Meanwhile, Ping An sets up mechanisms for internal review and audit on anti-money laundering, performance appraisal, and reward and punishment. By developing an intelligent anti- money laundering platform, Ping An improves the overall risk control capability. In accordance with regulatory policies of the People's Bank of China relating to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing, and the Group's management requirements, the Audit and Supervision Department organizes the Group and the member companies to carry out special audits on anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing. During the audit, the Department focuses on the building of management system, list monitoring and sanctions compliance management, Know Your Customer (KYC), risk assessment of money laundering and terrorist financing, high-risk customers and business management, monitoring and reporting of large-scale suspicious transactions, information security and system building. Through special audits, the Department supervises the Group and the member companies' compliance with business ethics, promptly identifies and provides solutions in case of any abnormalities. At the same time, Ping An resolutely implemented the nation's policy to combat financial crimes and safeguard financial security and stability. Focusing on money-laundering crimes that infringe customers' interests, affect people's livelihood, and endanger financial security and national security, we submit several intelligence leads, and are approved by regulatory and judicial authorities. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 96Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Fairness and Protection of Employees' Rights and Interests Ping An pays attention to protecting legitimate rights and interests of employees, and prohibits any discrimination in recruitment, onboarding, training, promotion, and reward. Any individual or group who violates employees' rights and interests or discriminate against others are subject to corresponding punishments. Ping An guarantees employees' basic rights at work, and prohibits forced and child labor, striving to build a harmonious and friendly working environment. At the same time, Ping An has formulated the Suppliers Management Measures for Procurement Business and added relevant clauses to the supplier contracts to urge suppliers to protect their employees' rights and interests. In addition, Ping An follows the principles of openness, impartiality, fairness, and efficiency in the bidding process, bid evaluation and complaint handling. The Group actively protects achievements of scientific and technological innovation, company brand, trade secrets and other intangible assets. In case of any intellectual property rights disputes, we will immediately start the investigation and make sure our own and others' intellectual property rights are under protection and respected. Ping An pays attention to the promotion of internal intellectual property rights. The Group provides, be it in the online or offline form, regular training and education on intellectual property rights protection and prevention of infringement, including centralized publicity, group learning, e-mails, online courses, and online examinations. These activities cover patent and software copyrights layout, compliant use of graphs and font resources, whole-process management of R&D patent, trade secret protection, compliant use of trademark and other relevant issues. In 2023, Ping An held 46 activities of intellectual property rights training and promotion. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 97Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening The number of ethical standards and anti- corruption activities more than Special training sessions held by the Group headquarters The coverage of ethical standards and anti-corruption training5, 800 39 100 Anti-Corruption Ping An strictly follows the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Insurance Group Companies, the Basic Rules for the Internal Control of Insurance Companies and other regulatory requirements, summarizing the existing management system. Moreover, the Policy Statement on Anti-Corruption and Anti-bribery of Ping An Group has been formulated and publicly released with in- depth explanations and definitions towards the notions of corruption, bribery and interests and the target of performing supervision and management work, which is applicable for Ping An Group as well as Employee Business Conduct The Five Norms and 12 Bans are clearly specified there in the Employee' s Code of Conduct of Ping An Group. The 12 Bans of prohibitive norms include criminal offences, insider trading, misspelling, bribery and graft, influence peddling, misfeasance and fraud, transfer of interest, secret leakage, infringement of reputation, system sabotage, sexual harassment, and other serious violations. In addition, violation of remuneration regulations or distribution schemes, false attendance records, assistance in providing false attendance records and other internal violations are also included. Ping An's anti- corruption work is overseen by the Group's Board of Directors as well as its Audit and Risk Management Committee and senior management to ensure the proper and full management and implementation of relevant systems and work plans. Ping An sorts out the framework of anti- corruption management system in line with regulatory requirements, and we have further developed and issued policies like Guidance on Making Integrated Efforts to Ensure that Officials Do Not Have the Audacity, Opportunity, or Desire to Become Corrupt, Circular on Further Promoting Development of Clean Financial Culture, Measures on Hand in, Registration and Handling of Gifts or Cash and Code of Employee Conduct Value. These documents and circulars comprehensively standardize the guiding principles, objectives, division of responsibilities and requirements for combating corruption and upholding integrity, and clarify the list of wrongdoings, punishment standards and accountability processes. Ping An also establishes a mechanism for promoting self-discipline through evaluation. This mechanism incorporates employees' violations of regulations and disciplines into performance assessment, providing an important basis for year-end performance ranking, award evaluation, bonus verification, promotion and transfer. Employee Code of Conduct Ping An constantly pays attention to employees' business ethics by formulating systematic management policies applicable to full-time and part-time employees, such as the Employee's Code of Conduct of Ping An Group, the Code of Employee Conduct Value, the Administrative Measures for Employee Conflict of Interest. The Employee's Code of Conduct of Ping An Group provides guidelines for employees to support the compliance and robust operation of the Group, which is applicable to all employees and contractors. Ping An focuses on risk monitoring in key areas, analyzes business logic of high- risk and frequent scenarios, and works out feature tags. In order to continuously consolidate the anti- corruption awareness of employees, Ping An regularly provides anti-corruption and anti- bribery training and policy advocacy for all Board members, including employees and suppliers, through various forms such as informing typical cases, releasing integrity posters or risk tips, organizing special lectures and online short courses. At the same time, all employees are required to receive training on various anti-corruption topics such as anti-commercial bribery, corruption culture courses and warning case education, and pass relevant examinations on time. The coverage rate of the training throughout the Group was 100, with the participants including employees, contractors, and insurance agents. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 98Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Business Ethics Audits In line with regulatory and internal management requirements, Ping An maintains a risk- Furthermore, Ping An Group promotes a culture of integrity and self-discipline by establishing performance appraisal mechanisms. Non-compliance and disciplinary breaches are incorporated into the performance evaluation process, influencing year-end performance rankings, award considerations, bonus allocations, and promotion decisions. This approach ensures that employees fully recognize the importance of integrity and self-discipline, thereby fostering a more ethical and positive business environment. cnPetition and Whistle-blowing Management Ping An has formulated and issued the Whistle-blowing Management Procedure (2023), which clarifies that the Group's Audit and Supervision Department makes overall planning on the Company's petition work under the leadership of the Company's Party Committee and the guidance of the Company's Discipline Committee. The Group's Audit and Supervision Department provides a special petition working group and petition staff to uniformly register, accept, guide, supervise and coordinate the petition and whistleblowing from the Group and its member companies. The petition and whistle-blowing management department insists on dealing with the cases in a legal, objective, fair, and prompt manner. The department also carries out investigation work in a timely manner to handle related matters reasonably and properly. In addition, the Group strictly keeps petition and whistle-blowing related work confidential. Confidential measures are taken for the information of petitioners and related petition materials to protect the legitimate interests of petitioners and prevent them from retaliation. Those violating confidentiality management requirements are held accountable in accordance with the severity. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 99Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Key Performance 93 of Ping An's operations were certificated by ISO IEC 27001 Information security management system. member companies have obtained level 3 and above certification in the Data Management Capability Maturity Model (DCMM). Information Security and AI Governance 93 5 member companies Ping An resolutely abides by national laws, regulations, and industry norms, and we always strictly implement our information security policies in line with the highest standards to support information. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 100Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Information Security Ping An constantly improves its information security management system to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information. Meanwhile, Ping An has proactive and reactive defense measures to identify and resolve information security risks in a timely manner. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An had no information leakage or other cybersecurity incidents, nor did the Group incur any information security-related penalties or fines. Ping An has the Group's Board of Directors as the highest responsible body for information security work, and the Technology Development Committee as the leading body to supervise the effective and continuously implement the Group's information security management measures. The Security Center under the Technology Development Committee makes overall planning on network security, data Information Security Management Measures In terms of information security management measures, Ping An has established an efficient early warning linkage mechanism and adopted a combination of proactive and reactive defense measures to maintain system information security. A Combination of Proactive and Reactive Information Security Management Measures The Group conducts quarterly security tests of website to identify and repair potential security vulnerabilities in time to protect operations of information systems and data security. Ping An organizes several penetration testing events that simulate the attack methods of attackers every year to analyze and actively exploit weaknesses, technical flaws or vulnerabilities in information systems. Ping An organizes several offensive and defensive drills every year to simulate attacking activities. Various technical methods, including phishing, 0-day vulnerabilities, wireless attacks, near-source infiltration, and code audit, are used to break the network boundaries of the target and to find serious security risks in the target network. Ping An also accepts reports of vulnerability via the Group's public Security Response Center (Chinese only) and valuable reports are rewarded. Ping An establishes a data security governance model centered on the protection of customer data according to its Policy Statement on Information Security of Ping An Group to implement a full-process security management for personnel, data, systems, business, and third parties. Meanwhile, the Group has formulated and implemented the Information Security Management Systems and related implementation rules, which clarify the management requirements and implementation guidelines in various aspects such as information security principle, information security strategy, information security specification, asset security specification, authorization specification, authentication specification, application system development specification, personal information protection specification, data lifecycle security management specification, third-party service security management specification and content security specification, which covers all modules of business development across the Group, employees of all departments of Ping An Group and its member companies, and third-party personnel who have access to information assets. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 101Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Case In response to information security incidents, Ping An continues to improve the Network Security Incident Response Drill Guide and test the effectiveness of the emergency management mechanism through emergency drills. In 2023, Ping An completed 59 security emergency drills with its member companies, covering 9 emergency drill scenarios such as ransomware, anti-DDOS attacks, phishing emails. In August 2023, the 2023 SecGo Cloud & Software Security Conference co-sponsored by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology and the China Communications Standards Association was successfully held in Beijing. Ping An E-wallet cloud-native security upgrade program won the 2023 Excellent Case of Security Guardian Program award. In terms of supplier information security management, Ping An upholds the core principle of maintaining sensitive data within Ping An, and has developed management systems such as the Supplier Information Security Management System of Ping An Group, which divides suppliers into different categories and levels to adopt different information security control measures accordingly. It covers the full lifecycle of cooperation with suppliers to ensure the compliance of suppliers' information security management and reduce the information security risks during the cooperation with suppliers. Third-party Data and Information Security Management Sign information security agreements and confidentiality agreements with partner organizations and related personnel involved in accessing or handling Ping An's data to ensure that third parties are aware of and committed to complying with Ping An's information security management requirements. The Group's information security team supports business departments to conduct information security assessments on suppliers, and requires suppliers with scores lower than required to rectify within the specified period under the guidance of experts to ensure that information security risks are controllable during the cooperation process. Pre- Cooperation During- Cooperation Post- CooperationPing An E-wallet Cloud-Native Security Upgrade Program Won the 2023 Excellent Case of Security Guardian Program Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 102Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Information Security Training Target group Training requirements All employees New employees must complete information security training within three months of joining. All third-party personnel (including contractors) with access to information assets Attend the information security training and pass the exam before opening the temporary account of information system, and continue to meet the information security training requirements of employees after passing the exam, otherwise they cannot access any information system of Ping An. In terms of enhancing information security awareness and capabilities, we provide topic- based training to all employees and third-party personnel with access to asset data every year. The purpose is to further enhance their awareness and ability in protecting information and data security. A number of security training and awareness publicity activities, including security salon seminars, case-based caution on information security, risk case analysis, awareness assessment, simulation exercise, commitment and others, were conducted via multiple channels to raise security awareness of all staff. Information Security Enhancement MonthCase Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 103Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Ping An conducts external independent audit of information security at least once a year and carries out special audits and inspections in accordance with the management regulations and requirements of the regulatory bodies. Ping An conducts internal audit of the information security management system at least once a year, with results submitted to the Group's Board of Directors, the Audit and Risk Management Committee and Executive Committee. In 2023, the Group completed annual information security audits for its member companies and important third-party outsourcers, covering key areas such as data security, personal information protection, and third-party service security, with a total of more than 80 audit projects, risk monitoring, and special reviews. Information Security Management Audit and Certification In terms of information security management system, Ping An conducts annual management system reviews and revisions and continuously improves the IT risk management and technology system in accordance with various IT risk management standards and leading practice requirements. Meanwhile, Ping An carries out regular data security audits to strengthen the supervision and evaluation of information security management. Information Security Audit Requirements External independent audit of information securityInternal audit of information security Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 104Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Governance of AI Ethics Ping An follows the five ethical principles of people-orientated, human-governed, safety and controllability, fairness and justice, openness and transparency. In terms of information security management certification, Ping An has obtained the certification on information security management systems for many years in order to operate the information security system effectively and stably. As of the end of December 2023, 93 of Ping An's operations were certificated by ISO IEC 27001 Information security management system, with 15 member companies obtaining ISO IEC 27001 certification and 12 member companies obtaining ISO IEC 27701 certification. Internally, Ping An sets up an AI Ethics Committee which is responsible for identifying the macro direction of AI ethics policy while ensuring fairness and justice in the process of product development as well as the implementation of information security and privacy protection during the provision of products and services and exploring optimized management methods for AI ethics problems in the practical project application. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 105Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Clima te Change and Carbon Neutr ality06 As a ke y strategic in vestor, Ping An o er ed capital in vestment in the form of a cash infusion to the C GN-De veloped W ind P ower Pr oject. Ping An's employee carbon account platforms has been launched and covered 113, 200 employees. tCO2e tCO2e person employees426, 082. 62 1. 35 113, 200 Total GHG emissions (operation) (tCO2e)GHG emissions per capita (tCO2e person) 2021 2021 2022 2022 2023 2023428, 994. 85 1. 21426, 082. 621. 35492, 710. 151. 43In 2023, the 28th Conference of the Parties (COP 28) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change heralded a new wave of accelerated global climate initiatives. In response to the challenges of global climate change, Ping An has comprehensively enhanced its green finance actions to support the transition to a green economy and the upgrading of industrial chains. SHENG Ruisheng, Richard Board Secretary of the GroupClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 107Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Ping An actively responds to the challenges and opportunities arising from climate change. Relying on its integrated finance, Ping An plays green finance adequately to take effective measures for green development, therefore, supporting China's efforts towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. With reference to domestic and international climate-related disclosure requirements, we further responded to climate change and strived for carbon neutrality from the perspectives of governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets, to ultimately achieve our carbon neutrality goal across operations by 2030. In cooperation with Tsinghua University, Southern University of Science and Technology and other universities, Ping An carried out research related to climate change insurance risks, and went deep into the challenges brought by climate change to the insurance industry. Countermeasures were summarized thereon to enhance risk response in the long term. Strategy Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 108Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Risk TypeClimate Risk FactorsRisk Categories Risk ExampleTime HorizonBusiness Segments InvolvedExtent of Influence Physical risksClimate disasters Operational riskClimate disasters may cause physical losses to the physical assets in the affected areas, resulting in asset impairment. Long term The entire Group Significant Climate change Credit risk Climate change leads to business loss of specific clients. If the government issues new policies to support low-carbon transition, high-emission economic activities will be under pressure, and low-carbon industries may benefit from the move. The policies may have a positive or negative impact on the business of specific clients. Emerging low-carbon technologies rapidly take over the market, while the development of clients in traditional sectors is hindered. The cash flows of high-emission clients are affected by the fluctuation of carbon prices. Higher standards for energy use in buildings may increase investment in renovation for the purposes of energy conservation and environmental protection. Long term The entire Group Significant Concerns of investorsReputation riskWith the increasing public concern for climate change and green and low-carbon development, inconsistency of the company's business models with the trend of low-carbon economy may impair the corporate reputation and affect rating results. Long term The entire Group Medium Response Strategies for Insurance Business To address the physical risks caused by climate change, Ping An has built a new pricing model for insurance products. The new model incorporates factors that affect natural disasters such as earthquakes, typhoons and rainstorms, enhancing insurance pricing accuracy and efficiency of risk identification and risk management. We also, in cooperation with universities, scientific research institutions and meteorological departments, put massive meteorological data in our DRS 2. 0 and establish risk maps, to help customers by warning in advance about disaster risks while optimizing internal risk screening process. These products, as part of the Group's innovation in sustainable insurance, provide high-quality and all-round protection against risks for the regions and people vulnerable to climate change. In recent years, the increased climate-related risks, frequent extreme weather events and complex and volatile macroeconomic environment have had potential impacts on Ping An's business operations. In response to escalating climate crisis, Ping An established a climate risk identification framework and conducted policy research, background research and peer benchmarking to identify and assess climate risks from the perspectives of time of risk occurrence and extent of influence. With a full understanding of climate risks, Ping An strengthens its ability to deal with climate risks through technological and product innovation to mitigate the impact of climate risks. Response Strategies for Insurance Business Climate change brings both challenges to the insurance industry and new business opportunities and new business scenarios. With a commitment to technology- driven disaster mitigation and efficiency improvement, Ping An constantly expands the application scenarios of DRS 2. 0, helping governments, enterprises and individual customers achieve disaster prevention and loss reduction through its disaster prevention, mitigation and disaster relief modules. This effectively improves the insurance industry's abilities in property protection, disaster resistance and resilience. Furthermore, with a focus on innovation in green insurance products, Ping An develops featured products such as photovoltaic index insurance and weather index insurance. Meanwhile, Ping An customizes insurance solutions in response to the call of governments for developing and implementing the catastrophe insurance system. This is part of our efforts in giving full paly to the role of insurance as the social stabilization and fulfilling our social responsibilities in real actions. Opportunity FactorBusiness Segments InvolvedPotential Financial ImpactsDescription Time Horizon The introduction of policies on carbon neutrality, clean energy, and environmental protection subsidies drives green financial businesses and markets, which is conducive to exploring new markets and businesses. Long term With a growing public preference for green products and services under the call for sustainable development, the Group can follow market trends, develop green financial products, and provide solutions and services for climate- related insurance risks. Implementing regular reporting on climate risks to ensure that the Board and management staff are kept informed of the targets, plans, implementation, and process of climate risk management to improve the effectiveness of climate risk management. Risk Management Identifying and describing climate risk factors which affect each business segments from the dimensions of physical risk and transition risk, and summarizing corresponding risk categories. Process for managing climate risks 7DRS 2. 0 is a digital risk analysis and risk control service system in physical space developed by Ping An, which uses innovative technologies such as numerical simulation, machine learning and satellite remote sensing monitoring to achieve prediction and early warning of natural disasters. Our measures include We plan to engage experts specializing in saving energy in buildings to measure and evaluate electricity consumption in the workplace and data centers, design plans for energy conservation and provide guidance on the implementation of measures. On the basis of emission reduction, We will invest in green assets and purchase emission rights to offset carbon emissions that are unavoidable, ultimately achieving carbon neutrality across our operations by 2030. Therefore, our goal is that 100 of our electricity consumption in our operations will be from renewable energy (the proportion excluding that of renewable energy used by power grids). Carbon Reduction Scope 3 Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Offset2023 Total GHG emissions (operation) 42. 61Carbon neutrality roadmap (operation) (10, 000 tCO2e)Energy conservation Purchase and generation of green power Carbon Offset Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 112Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Metric Unit 2023 2022 2021 OperationScope 1 direct GHG emissions tCO2e 21, 962. 59 17, 964. 09 6, 121. 76 Scope 2 energy indirect GHG emissions tCO2e 373, 693. 96 437, 311. 87 376, 336. 09 Scope 3 paper consumption and employee travelingtCO2e 30, 426. 07 37, 434. 19 46, 537 Total GHG emissions tCO2e 426, 082. 62 492, 710. 15 428, 994. 85 GHG emissions per capita tCO2e person 1. 35 1. 43 1. 21 Self-owned propertyScope 1 direct GHG emissionstCO2e 4, 650. 22 2, 775. 80 Scope 2 energy indirect GHG emissionstCO2e 85, 599. 54 85, 731. 15 Total GHG emissions tCO2e 90, 249. 76 88, 506. 95 GHG Emissions Data 8In order to continuously improve the quality of data disclosure, all branches of Ping An Bank have been added to the scope of energy consumption from 2023, including its branches and outlets. Therefore, the 2022 energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions are revised according to change of the scope based on comparability principle. Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) in 2011 and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5703 tCO2 MWh) provided in the Notice on the management of greenhouse emission reporting for enterprises in the power generation industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2023. 11Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from paper consumption for business purpose and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the 2021 Implementation plan of carbon emission quota allocation for cultural paper consumption in Guangdong province and the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. In 2023, Ping An officially launched the employee carbon account platform and organized a series of public welfare activities for environmental protection. In terms of energy saving, Ping An keeps improving its energy consumption management system, updating facilities and equipment and gradually increasing energy efficiency. During the year, we updated the monitoring platform in our area of Shenzhen Ping An Financial Center North Tower, realizing about 60 of energy savings and effectively reducing carbon emissions in our operations. As the financial services and insurance sector's first carbon account system covering all employees, the Ping An Employee Carbon Account Platform monitors individual low-carbon behaviors at work and in daily life, and individual carbon emissions. This system allows for the comprehensive assessment and management of carbon emissions, facilitating the planning and execution of emission reduction strategies in the workplace. Furthermore, Ping An integrates green elements into over 50 public welfare projects, combines online and offline channels to foster carbon asset development, thereby achieving expansion in public welfare project scope and continuous brand enhancement. Employee Carbon Account Platform Boosts Green DevelopmentCase Building on the Employee Carbon Account Platform, Ping An initiated various engagement activity in the year, including Low- Carbon Cycling, GreenWalk and the empty plate Project, culminating in the end-of-year Together for Carbon Reduction campaign, a special low-carbon month event. By implementing carbon account tracking, offering rewards for quiz participation, and exchanging old clothes for gifts, we encourage our employees to actively fulfill their social responsibilities. As of the end of December 2023, Ping An's employee carbon account covered 113, 200 employees, with a total of 494, 500 carbon reduction actions included and carbon emissions reduction of 17, 869 tons. The official launch of the Group's employee carbon account platform The interface of employee carbon account (template) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 114Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Green Buildings Ping An always holds the concept of green development which is people-oriented and actively promotes the green and low-carbon development of urban ecosystem, improving the quality of urban environment and living standards. As of the end of December 2023, 20 of Ping An projects were awarded domestic and foreign green building certifications, of which 18 projects were awarded LEED Gold Certification and above. As the Group's first pilot company, Ping An Trust earned recognition as an exemplary case of the Zero-waste Venture Plan for its remarkable achievements. Various fun activities themed on Zero Waste Office were organized in accordance with the corporate culture of Ping An. While advocating employees to take action, Ping An Trust launched the Zero Waste Office Handbook to provide reference of implementation for enterprises and project teams in need, and to spread the concept of Zero Waste Office more broadly within and outside the Group. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 115Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Appendix07Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 Annual Key Performance Business Performance Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Total assets (in RMB million) 11, 583, 417 11, 009, 940 10, 142, 026 Total income (in RMB million) 913, 789 880, 355 1, 180, 444 Operating profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company (in RMB million) 117, 989 146, 865 147, 961 Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company 85, 665 111, 008 101, 618 Dividend per share (in RMB) 2. 43 2. 42 2. 38 Earnings per share (in RMB) 4. 84 6. 36 5. 77 Total tax paid (in RMB million) 100, 171 115, 478 111, 416 Group solvency margin ratio ( ) 208. 0 217. 6 233. 5 Total investment size of insurance funds (in RMB trillion) 4. 72 4. 3712 3. 92 Net investment yield ( ) 4. 2 4. 7 4. 6 Total investment yield ( ) 3. 0 2. 4 4. 0 12The Group implemented the new insurance contract guidelines on January 1, 2023, which would amount to RMB 4. 33 trillion if the total investment of insurance funds at the end of 2022 were restated in accordance with the new guidelines. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 117Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Corporate Governance Composition of 2023 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee (person) Board of Directors Supervisory Committee Indicator Executive Director(s)Non-executive Director(s)Independent non- executive Director(s)TotalIndependent Supervisor(s)Shareholder Representative Supervisor(s)Employee Representative Supervisor(s)Total Headcount 4 5 6 15 3 0 2 5 Composition of 2023 Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee ( ) Board of Directors Supervisory Committee By gender By age By gender By age Indicator Male Female Under 3031-50 (Including 50)Above 50 Male Female Under 3031-50 (Including 50)Above 50 Percentage 80 20 0 20 80 80 20 0 20 80 Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Average tenure of Board Members (years) 7 Ratio of external supervisors to total number of supervisors ( )60 Other Performance of Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee 118Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Compliance and internal control awareness raising activities coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Risk management staff training coverage ( ) 100 100 100 Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Number of general meetings (times) 1 Number of participants of general meetings (person) 823 Attendance rate of general meeting ( ) 100 Compliance with the agenda procedures of general meetings(voting participation rate) ( ) 41. 38 Compliance and Risk Management General meetings of shareholders Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Coverage rate of ethical standards and anti-corruption training ( ) 100 100 100 Coverage rate of training on anti-money laundering ( ) 100 100 100 Number of ethical standards and anti-corruption activities (times) 5, 844 4, 569 3, 445 Number of ethical standards and anti-corruption training (times)1339 34 20 Number of employees participated in ethical standards and anti-corruption training (persons)14288, 751 344, 223 355, 982 Rectification rate of issues identified in annual audit ( ) 99 99 96 Verification rate of complaints reporting ( ) 100 100 100Business Code of Conduct and Anti-Corruption 13Number of ethical standards and anti-corruption training conducted at the Group level. Compared with 2022, carbon emission measurement in 2023 is optimized in terms of organizational boundaries, operational boundaries and statistical methods. The details are as follows (1) Scope 1 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from combustion of direct energy sources, such as natural gas, gasoline and diesel. The emission factors are from the Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial GHG Inventory (Trial) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) in 2011 and the General Rules for Calculation of the Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) issued by the Standardization Administration. Scope 2 GHG emissions refer to carbon emissions from purchased electricity. The emission factors are based on the national grid emission factor (0. 5703 tCO2 MWh) provided in the Notice on the Management of Greenhouse Emission Reporting for Enterprises in the Power Generation Industry from 2023 to 2025 issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment in 2023. Scope 3 emissions are carbon emissions from paper consumption for business purpose and employee traveling, where the emission factors are adopted from the 2021 Implementation plan of carbon emission quota allocation for cultural paper consumption in Guangdong province and the China Product Whole Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emission Factor Set (2022) published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. Natural gas consumption includes the use of natural gas from operation and self-owned property. Petrol consumption includes the use of petrol from fleets of operation and self-owned property. Diesel consumption includes the use of diesel from fleets of operation and fleets and public area of self-owned property. This year, the per capita environmental performance indicators were calculated using the annual average number of employees, where the average number of employees (total number of employees at the beginning of the year total number of employees at the end of the year) 2. 6. Electricity consumption per capita includes workplace electricity consumption and data centers electricity consumption. Operation includes workplace and data centers. Green and healthy building certifications include LEED Green Building Certification, the green building logo awarded by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development according to the Notice on Issuing the Management Measures for Green Building Logo issued by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, WELL HSR certification awarded by the International WELL Building Institute (IWBI), and the Golden Leaf-level Green Tourism Hotel certified according to the Chinese tourism industry standard Green Tourism Hotel (LB T007-2015). Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 121Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening By EducationDoctorate or master's degree (person) 28, 635 29, 179 27, 512 Bachelor's degree (person) 170, 835 193, 042 192, 912 College degree (person) 75, 432 105, 568 120, 153 Others (person) 13, 849 16, 434 15, 405 Other categoryNumber of overseas employees (person) 880 497 553 Number of employees with disabilities (person) 285 Proportion of employees with disabilities ( ) 0. 10 Individual Life Insurance Sales AgentsIndividual Life Insurance Sales Agents (thousand person)347 445 600 Senior management Senior management dataSenior management (person) 12 11 9 Female senior management (person) 5 3 3 Male senior management (person) 7 8 6 Proportion of women in senior management ( ) 42 Proportion of men in senior management ( ) 58 Indicator 2023 2022 2021 122Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Employee Turnover Rate ( )1928 28 27 By GenderMale ( ) 29 31 29 Female ( ) 26 27 26 By Age 30 years old ( ) 41 41 36 30-50 years old ( ) 19 18 17 50 years old ( ) 18 15 10 By RegionChinese mainland ( ) 27 28 Other regions ( ) 26 34 Employee Compensation and motivation Total corporate annuity payments for the year (in RMB 100 million) 11. 71 11. 21 10. 02 Number of employees participating in key employee stock ownership plan and long- term service plan (person)103, 232 101, 136 89, 304 Compensation (Exclude Senior Management) (in RMB) 221, 803 204, 696 196, 131 By GenderAverage compensation of male employees (in RMB)243, 409 222, 506 215, 435 Average compensation of female employees (in RMB)201, 576 187, 452 176, 329Employee Turnover 19Employee Turnover Rate Total number of employees who left during the year (Total number of employees who left during the year Number of employees at the end of the year) 100. The turnover includes all cases where Ping An terminated the employment relationship, including voluntary resignations and retirements. The training hours cover both online and offline training channels through which the training is provided. NPS (Net Promoter Score) is a statistical measure aimed at the customer base of 11 professional companies within Ping An Group. The percentage of promoters is calculated as (number of promoters total respondents) 100, and the percentage of detractors is calculated as (number of detractors total respondents) 100. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 125Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Indicator 2023 2022 2021 Number of suppliers 4, 492 5, 631 6, 408 By RegionChinese mainland 4, 488 5, 559 Other regions 4 72 Indicator 2023 Number of suppliers approved in the Selection and Audit process section after audit (unit) 7, 339 Average score of supplier assessment (100-point scale) (point) 84. 02 Total number of suppliers eliminated (unit) 393 Number of suppliers participating in ESG related training (unit) 4, 492 Coverage rate of ESG related training for suppliers ( )23100Supply Chain Performance Number of Suppliers ESG Performance of Suppliers 23Coverage Rate Number of suppliers who have received ESG-related training Total number of suppliers in stock as of the end of 2023. Training methods include website promotion, email promotion, training courses, etc. This includes rural revitalization loans provided by Ping An Bank, investments in rural revitalization local bonds, as well as funds obtained through specialty insurance products provided by Ping An Property & Casualty to support agricultural industry projects or government agricultural insurance subsidies. Ping An Bank's rural revitalization debit card is a banking card product issued by Ping An Bank in accordance with the China UnionPay's Rural Revitalization Theme Card product business rules. Indicator 2023 Rural Communities Support Program Village IndustryIndustrial revitalization assistance funds of the year (in RMB 100 million)25407. 29 Cumulative funding for industrial revitalization (in RMB 100 million) 1, 178. 82 Participants in the Prosperity Champions training program (person) 80, 000 Sales of products for rural revitalization with Ping An assistance (in RMB million) 800 Village Healthcare Number of people covered by mobile medical checkups (health public welfare services) (person-times) 760, 000 Village EducationLive lectures of scene masters of Juvenile Science and Technology Literacy Enhancement Program covered (million person times) 49. 012 Total volunteer teaching hours (class hours) 4, 052 Rural Areas Support Program Number of joint Party building points 1, 434 Number of rural revitalization debit cards issued26189, 257 Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 127Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Indicator 2023 Total number of annual patent applications (item)285, 456 Cumulative number of patent applications (item) 51, 533 Number of patents held (item) 12, 6112023 San Cun Hui public welfare platformCumulative number of registers at the platform (ten thousand people) 349 Cumulative number of public welfare activities around us events (events) 1, 702 Volunteer ServiceNumber of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An (person)27above 500, 000 Number of volunteer events organized by the Ping An Guardian Initiative (ten thousand events) 3 Number of regions covered by volunteer association branches (regions) 31 Number of member companies covered by volunteer association branches (companies) 20 Indicator 2023 Expenditure on public welfare donations (in RMB million) 318Volunteer Service Other Public Welfare Performance Patent and R&D Performance Patent and R&D Performance 27The number of Ping An employees and agents registered and with accounts on the Ping An Group's San Cun Hui public welfare platform. Insurance funds include the insurance funds of Ping An Life, Ping An Property & Casualty, Ping An Annuity and Ping An Health Insurance. Green investment encompasses specific industry classifications and green themes such as environmental protection, clean energy, pollution control, and other related areas. Social investment includes specific industry classifications and themes related to social responsibility, such as infrastructure construction, elderly care, medical services, education, culture, and other related areas. It also includes ESG ratings as selection criteria. Inclusive Investment includes the investment specifically aimed at specific industries and inclusive themes, such as supporting agriculture, rural areas, and farmers, promoting rural revitalization, and improving conditions in housing and shantytowns. Amount of assets under management, by asset class, that employ (1) integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability themed investing and (3) screening. Green banking services include the issuance and underwriting of green loans, green bonds, green trust loans, green leasing, green asset securitization, and other related businesses. The statistics are based on the Special Statistical System for Green Loans and the Green Bond Support Project Catalog (2021 Edition) among others. Inclusive banking services include support for small and micro businesses, businesses related to agriculture, farmers and rural areas, etc.. Small and micro businesses loans are based on the Notice on Promoting the High- quality Development of Banking Industry's Financial Services for Small and Micro businesses in 2018 issued by the China Banking Regulatory Commission, referring to inclusive small and micro-enterprise loans with individual credit limits of 10 million yuan or less (inclusive). Agricultural loans are defined according to the Special Statistical System for Agricultural Loans issued by the People's Bank of China and the former China Banking Regulatory Commission. This indicator includes relevant businesses under Ping An Bank and Ping An Leasing. Social banking services include loans held by Ping An Bank for infrastructure construction, healthcare, education and culture, rural revitalization, and related businesses under Ping An Trust and Ping An Leasing. Number and 2 amount of loans outstanding that qualify for programmes designed to promote small business and community development. Social insurance mainly includes medical insurance, critical illness insurance, as well as property insurance and liability insurance related to social livelihoods, such as safety production, food safety, major projects, construction, trade, employer liability, and other related products. Inclusive insurance mainly includes insurance for agriculture, farmers and rural areas, insurance for vulnerable groups and insurance for small and micro enterprises. Sustainable Insurance 130Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Statement of the Board of Directors Oversight of ESG issues Ping An integrates sustainable development into its development strategies and establishes a scientific and professional sustainable development management system and a clear and transparent ESG governance structure. The Sustainable Development Committee under the Group Executive Committee is the management for the ESG issues, and it is responsible for the management of ESG issues, such as green finance and rural revitalization, and the external communication and publicity concerning sustainable development. ESG Management Policy and StrategyReview on ESG targets Review and Approval of the ESG ReportBased on the external social and economic macro environment and the corporate development strategy, Ping An ESG management team dynamically assesses the importance of ESG issues, discusses and determines risks and opportunities in terms of environmental, social and corporate governance, and integrates the management and improvement of important issues into annual sustainability strategy. In addition, Ping An has incorporated ESG management strategy into the business system. The Board of Directors annually reviews overall ESG performance, reviews the progress of ESG targets and assesses the effectiveness of the ESG risk management system. During the year, the Board reviewed the Group's Five-Year Sustainable Development Plan and was briefed on the work of the Group's green finance, rural revitalization and other ESG priorities. Our limited assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of any earlier period or to any other information included in the 2023 ESG Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023. Subject Matters for Limited Assurance The subject matters of this assurance engagement include the following Selected Indicators in the 2023 ESG Report Electricity consumption-workplace Water consumption-total (operation) Natural gas-total (operation and self- owned property) Diesel-total (operation and self-owned property) Total paper consumption Scope 3 paper consumption and employee traveling Total GHG emissions (operation) Number of green and healthy buildings Area of green and healthy buildings Average hours of training per employeeINDEPENDENT LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT Employee turnover rate Number of suppliers approved in the Selection and Audit process section after audit Coverage rate of ESG related training for suppliers Ping An Group NPS Number of volunteers from employees and agents of Ping An Village industry Industrial revitalization assistance funds of the year Village industry Cumulative funding for industrial revitalization Number of joint Party building points Number of rural revitalization debit cards issued Number of ethical standards and anti- corruption training Number of participants of ethical standards and anti-corruption training Total number of annual patent applications Responsible investment of insurance funds Green investment of insurance funds Inclusive investment of insurance funds Social investment of insurance funds Sustainable insurance premium income Green insurance premium income Inclusive insurance premium income Social insurance premium income Sustainable insurance insured amount Green insurance insured amount Inclusive insurance insured amount Social insurance insured amount Responsible banking Green banking business scale Inclusive banking business scale Social banking business scale 132Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Applicable Criteria The applicable criteria used by the Company in the preparation of the Selected Indicators are set out in the chapter Appendix Annual Key Performance attached to the 2023 ESG Report. Responsibility of Management and Those Charged with Governance The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the Selected Indicators in accordance with the applicable criteria. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the Selected Indicators that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the reporting process. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our Responsibilities Our responsibility is to perform limited assurance in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 133Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Assurance Approach The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement substantially vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Therefore the level of assurance obtained by limited assurance was less than reasonable assurance. Our assurance included identifying areas where Selected Indicators for 2023 may be materially misstated in the ESG Report, designing and implementing assurance procedures to address these identified areas, and obtaining evidence accordingly. The assurance procedures we carried out depend on our professional judgment and risk assessments of assurance. Use of Independent Limited Assurance Report This independent limited assurance report is solely for the purpose of preparing the Company's 2023 ESG Report, and is not suitable and cannot be used for other purposes. Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening Indicator Index GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations General Disclosures 2-1 Organizational details Opening (About this Report) 2-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting Opening (About this Report) 2-3 G. 9. 1 Reporting period, frequency and contact point Opening (About this Report) 2-4 Restatements of information Opening (About this Report) 2-5 G. 9. 1 External assuranceAppendix (Independent Third-Party Assurance Report) Refer to Annual Report 2-6 General DisclosureB5 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Sustainable Operations and Community (Sustainable Supply Chains) 2-7 KPI B1. 1 Employees Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 2-8 Workers who are not employeesSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents, Sustainable Supply Chains) 2-9 G. 1. 2 Governance structure and composition Refer to Annual Report 2-10 G. 4. 2 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Refer to Annual Report 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Refer to Annual Report 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impactsRefer to Annual Report 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Refer to Annual Report 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Appendix (Statement of the Board of Directors) 2-15 Conflicts of interest Refer to Annual Report 2-16 Communication of critical concernsSustainable Development Strategy Management (Materiality Assessment, Stakeholder Engagement) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 135Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations General Disclosures 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Sustainable Governance (Corporate Governance) 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Refer to Annual Report 2-19 G. 8. 2 Remuneration policies Sustainable Governance (Corporate Governance) 2-20 Process to determine remuneration Refer to Annual Report 2-22 G. 1. 1 Statement on sustainable development strategy Sustainable Development Strategy Management (Strategic Planning) 2-23 Policy commitments Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 2-24 G. 7. 1 G. 7. 4 Embedding policy commitments Sustainable Development Strategy Management 2-25 G. 1. 5 Processes to remediate negative impacts Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 2-28 S. 6. 1 Membership associations Opening (Annual Awards and Recognition) 2-29 G. 3. 2 Approach to stakeholder engagementSustainable Development Strategy Management (Stakeholder Engagement) Refer to Annual Report G. 1. 3Development of and innovation in approach, technology and tool applied to stakeholder engagement in ESG managementSustainable Development Strategy Management Material topics 3-1 Process to determine material topics Sustainable Development Strategy Management (Materiality Assessment) 3-2 List of material topics 136Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Economic Performance 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainable Development Strategy Management 201-1 G. 10. 1 G. 11. 1 Direct economic value generated and distributedOpening (Annual Performance Review for Sustainable Development), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 201-2 General Disclosure A4 KPI A4. 1 E. 4. 3Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate changeClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plansSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) S. 4. 1Products, premium income, insured amount, insurance payout and insurance coverage related to sustainable insuranceSustainable Business (Sustainable Insurance) E. 4. 4 S. 5. 1Policies and development goals, organizational structures and process management related to sustainable investment; direct or indirect investment in investees engaged in industries supported by national key strategies; business scale, growth and goals related to sustainable investmentSustainable Business (Responsible Investing) S. 5. 2Implementation of inclusive financial products, inclusive education, inclusive consumption, inclusive medical treatment elderlycareSustainable Business, Sustainable Operations and Community (Rural Revitalization and Community Impact) Market Presence 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainable Development Strategy Management Indirect Economic Impacts 3-3 Management of material topicsSustainable Business (Responsible Investing, Sustainable Insurance, Responsible Banking, Responsible Products) 203-1 KPI B8. 1 Infrastructure investments and services supportedSustainable Business (Responsible Investing), Sustainable Operations and Community (Rural Revitalization and Community Impact) 203-2 Significant indirect economic impactsSustainable Business (Responsible Investing, Sustainable Insurance), Sustainable Operations and Community (Rural Revitalization and Community Impact) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 137Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Anti- corruption 3-3 General Disclosure B7 KPI B7. 2G. Management of material topics Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 205-2 KPI B7. 3Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 205-3 KPI B7. 1 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Refer to China Judgements Online Materials 3-3 General Disclosure A2 General Disclosure A3 KPI A3. 1Management of material topicsClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions) KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit producedNot applicable to the financial services offered by the Group Energy 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 3 General Disclosure A3 KPI A3. 1Management of material topicsClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions) 302-1 KPI A2. 1 E. 1. 1 Energy consumption within the organization Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 302-2 E. 1. 1 Energy consumption outside of the organization 302-3 KPI A2. 1 Energy intensity 302-4 E. 1. 2 Reduction of energy consumptionClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 138Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Water and Effluents 3-3 General Disclosure A2 KPI A2. 2 KPI A2. 4 General Disclosure A3 KPI A3. 1E. E. 2. 2Management of material topicsClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) Ping An's main operation is focused on the office workplace, and there is currently no issue with sourcing water. Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 305-3 KPI A1. 1 E. 3. 1 E. 4. 1 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 305-4 KPI A1. 2 GHG emissions intensity Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 139Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Waste 3-3 General Disclosure A1 E. 5. 1 Management of material topicsClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions) KPI A1. 3 E. 3. 1Total hazardous waste produced (in tons) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Not applicable to the financial services offered by the Group KPI A1. 4 E. 3. 1Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tons) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g. per unit of production volume, per facility)Appendix (Annual Key Performance) KPI A1. 6 E. 3. 1Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themClimate Change and Carbon Neutrality (Our Measures to Reduce Emissions) Supplier Environmental Assessment 3-3 General Disclosure B5 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Sustainable Supply Chains) 308-1 KPI B5. 4 S. 3. 1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Sustainable Operations and Community (Sustainable Supply Chains), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored Employment 3-3 General Disclosure B1 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 401-1 KPI B1. 2 New employee hires and employee turnover Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 401-2 S. 1. 2 S. 2. 2Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) Labor Management Relations 3-3 General Disclosure B4 S. 1. 4 Management of material topics Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 140Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Occupational Health and Safety 3-3 General Disclosure B2 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 403-5 KPI B2. 3 Worker training on occupational health and safetySustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 403-9KPI B2. 1 KPI B2. 2 KPI B2. 3Work-related injuriesSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents), Appendix (Annual Key Performance) Training and Education 3-3 General Disclosure B3 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 404-1 KPI B3. 2 S. 1. 3 Average hours of training per year per employee Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 404-2 General Disclosure B3Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) KPI B3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e. g. senior management, middle management)Appendix (Annual Key Performance) Diversity and Equal Opportunity 3-3 General Disclosure B1 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 405-1 KPI B1. 1S. S. 2. 1 G. 4. 1 G. 5. 1 G. 6. 1Diversity of governance bodies and employees Appendix (Annual Key Performance) 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Non-discrimination 3-3 General Disclosure B1 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents), Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) Ping An Sustainability Report 2023 141Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Child labor 3-3 General Disclosure B1 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 408-1KPI B4. 1 KPI B4. 2S. Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child laborSustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct), Sustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) Forced or compulsory labor 3-3 General Disclosure B1 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) 409-1KPI B4. 1 KPI B4. 2Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory laborSustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct), Sustainable Operations and Community (Development and Welfare of Employees and Agents) Local Communities 3-3 General Disclosure B8 Management of material topics Sustainable Operations and Community (Rural Revitalization and Community Impact)KPI B8. 1 KPI B8. 2S. S. 5. 4 S. 5. 5 Focus areas of contribution (e. g. education, environmental concerns, labor needs, health, culture, sport); Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area Supplier Social Assessment 3-3 General Disclosure B5 Management of material topics Sustainable Operations and Community (Sustainable Supply Chains), Appendix (Annual Key Performance)414-1 KPI B5. 2 KPI B5. 3S. New suppliers that were screened using social criteria KPI B5. 1 S. 3. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region Customer Health and Safety 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Management of material topicsSustainable Operations and Community (Consumer Protection and Experience), Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) KPI B6. 1 KPI B6. 4Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. Sustainable Development Strategy ManagementSustainable Business Sustainable Operations and CommunitySustainable Governance Climate Change and Carbon NeutralityAppendix Opening GRI StandardsHKEX ESG Reporting GuideThe Guidance for Disclosure of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Information for Insurance InstitutionsDescription Page number(s) and or explanations Marketing and Labeling 3-3 General Disclosure B6 Management of material topics Sustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) KPI B6. 2 S. 4. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt withSustainable Operations and Community (Consumer Protection and Experience) KPI B6. 3 S. 6. 1Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rightsSustainable Governance (Business Code of Conduct) Customer Privacy 3-3 General Disclosure B6 KPI B6. 5G. The 2023 sustainability report (hereinafter referred to SR ) is the 18th sustainability report of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Sinopec Corp., the Company or We ). The report introduces our sustainability philosophy and policies and our environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance (hereinafter referred to as ESG ) performances in 2023, and highlights on how we responded to the expectations and concerns of our stakeholders. The information herein comes from internal data and relevant public information. Unless otherwise specified, all monetary figures shown in this SR are expressed in RMB (yuan). Unless otherwise specified, the data in this SR covers the data of Sinopec Corp. and its wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries. The Company's Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report on 22 March 2024. The report is available in Chinese and English versions, and the Chinese version shall prevail in case of any conflict or inconsistency. The report can be downloaded at the website http www. com listco en References This report is prepared in accordance with the Guideline for the Self-Regulatory Supervision of Listed Companies of Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) No. 1 - Standardised Operation, the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide issued by Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEx), Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and the criteria of the Global Compact Advanced Communication on Progress, and with reference to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the 2021 GRI Universal Standards (GRI Standards) and GRI 11 Oil and Gas Sector 2021 issued by the GRI Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB). Disclaimer This report includes certain forward-looking statements with respect to the results of our business operations and certain plans and conditions. All statements that address activities, events or developments that we expect will or may occur in the future, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and by their nature involve risk and uncertainty. This means that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statement due to a number of factors and uncertainties. In the past year, global economic growth slowed down coupled with increasing occurrence of geopolitical conflicts and global climate change became increasingly serious, and carbon neutrality vision accelerated the diversification of global energy structure and low-carbon transition. The Chinese government pursued to the new philosophy of innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development, drove a comprehensive green and low-carbon transformation of the economy and society, implemented global development initiative, and actively contributed to the harmonious coexistence of man and nature. As an international energy and chemical company and a member of the United Nations Global Compact, Sinopec Corp. adhered to the green and low-carbon development strategy and actively contributed to energy transition and sustainable development of the society. Over the past year, we comprehensively promoted high-quality development and achieved continuous improvement in ESG management. We revised multiple governance policies to further strengthen the foundation of sound governance. Our directors, supervisors, and senior management diligently fulfilled their duties, and the role of independent directors has been further enhanced. Maintaining stable dividend payout ratio, we continued to implement share repurchase both domestically and overseas. Throughout the year, we won a total of seven awards in Natural Resources Technology Award and five China Patent Awards, and maintained our leading position among Chinese enterprises in patent quality. We guaranteed the supply of clean oil products with high standards, and accelerated the industrialization of biomass fuel. More than 3, 900 battery charging and swapping stations and 39, 600 charging terminals were added throughout the year, further enhancing our supply capacity of new energy for mobility. We actively responded to climate change, implemented our carbon peaking action plan in an orderly manner and promoted the construction of carbon neutrality demonstration projects. We strengthened the management of carbon assets to reduce the carbon trading costs. We deepened the implementation of Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, and reduced our comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production value by 2. 6 year-on-year. We deepened the prevention and control of pollution, and successfully achieved the goals of the first phase of our Green Enterprise Action Plan. We also intensified the ecosystem protection, strictly prevented ecological environment risks, actively participated in ecological protection and restoration, and completed the afforestation and greening tasks of the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest Project. We continuously optimised our inherent safety management with strictly enforcing safety responsibilities and the construction and effective implementation of a robust HSE management system. We intensified the safety management on both our own operations and the operations of contractors, and continuously enhanced employees' emergency response capabilities with well-planned emergency plans and regular emergency drills. Continuing efforts were carried out to safeguard employees'health by providing first aid equipment, and continuously improving employees' working environment and conditions. Remarkable achievements were made in occupational health performance. We insisted on the alignment of our high-quality development with the goal of meeting people's pursuit of better lives, and actively supported rural revitalisation and disaster relief efforts. Our charitable programmes, such as the Spring Bud Service Station, Classes given by Academician, and Sinopec School Buddy received overwhelming response from the community. We adhered to the people-oriented development concept, respected the dignity and rights of employees, and strove to achieve mutual growth of the employees and the Company. Sinopec Corp. is one of the largest integrated energy and chemical companies in China, with its business scope all over the world, mainly including exploration and production segment, refining segment, marketing and distribution segment and chemicals segment. It is a large oil and gas and petrochemical product manufacturer in China and has a complete sales network of refined oil and chemical products in China. Exploration and Production Marketing and DistributionRefiningSinopec Corp.'s main oil and gas assets are located in China. Sinopec Corp.'s primary refining assets are located in China. In 2023, Sinopec Corp. processed 257. 52 million tonnes of crude oil and produced 156. 00 million tonnes of refined oil products. Board's Statement on ESG Governance Board of Directors China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation March 22, 2024The Company's Board of Directors made the following statement in accordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ). Board's Role in ESG Governance The Board of Directors is the highest responsibility and decision-making agency, bearing the ultimate responsibility for Sinopec Corp.'s ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors is responsible for reporting to the Board on matters related to the Company's sustainability (including environmental, social, and governance aspects) related issues and making relevant recommendations, including overseeing and deliberating the implementation and progress of the Company's sustainability and ESG strategies and plans; overseeing the commitments and performances of the Company on key ESG issues such as climate change, environmental protection, health and safety, and compliance management; overseeing key information regarding sustainability issues related to the Company's businesses and conducting relevant researches on sustainability related topics; and approving the Company's annual sustainability reports and reporting to the Board of Directors the sustainability performances of the Company. The Committee convenes at least once each year to inform the Board on ESG related issues. Ad hoc meetings can be convened when proposed by either the chairperson of the committee or two or more committee members. ESG Management Strategy and Policy The Company attaches great importance to ESG management, adheres to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, and sharing, and deeply implements development strategies of value-leading, market- oriented, innovation-driven, green and clean, open and cooperation, and talents to revitalise the enterprise. It also carries out materiality analysis by conducting stakeholder research and expert consultation, to identify key ESG issues for the Company's development, continuously optimise its ESG management and risk control, and improve the overall ESG governance of the Company. Targets, Indicators and Review of Progresses The Company has established an ESG target management mechanism, and set up ESG performance targets in its development plans and key tasks, such as clean energy, climate change, environmental protection, resource utilisation, safety management, occupational health and safety, and anti-corruption and compliance, etc. The Sustainability Committee regularly reviews the progress of the targets and reports it to the Board of Directors. Chemicals Sinopec Corp.'s primary chemical assets are located in China, producing and selling various petrochemical products such as synthetic resins, synthetic fibres, synthetic rubber, basic organic chemicals, etc. International Trade Sinopec Corp. is an important trader of crude oil in China, engaging in the international trade of crude oil, refined oil products and chemical products. As of the end of 2023, Sinopec Corp. had been granted 55, 335 patents cumulatively, of which 5, 483 were granted within the year. SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report International Seminar on Global Poverty Reduction Partnerships The State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and CCTVChina Association for Public CompaniesSecurities Daily CAIJING S&P Global China Securities Journal Hong Kong Ta Kung Wen Wei Media GroupCLS. Stakeholders EngagementSinopec Corp. maintains active communication with shareholders and investors, government and regulatory agencies, customers, employees, partners and suppliers, communities, media, and other stakeholders, through various regular and special communication channels, to timely and comprehensively understand the demands and expectations of stakeholders, and adjust and optimise relevant management and practices of the Company accordingly. Business ethics and anti-corruption Risk management and operation compliance Invest in new energy Addressing climate change Ensure energy supply Taxation and job creation Research and innovationDaily communication and reporting Discussion and seminar Project approval Government supervision and regulation Quality of products and services Invest in new energy Ensure energy supply Research and innovation Digital transformationDaily service communication Customer visits Questionnaire survey Website, WeChat and other online media Occupational health and safety Employee training and career development Diversity and equity Respect human rightsCollective negotiations and employee representative conference Visit and research Annual commendation Regular trainings Corporate cultural activities Website, WeChat and other online media Community communication and engagement Taxation and job creation Responsible supply chain Support common prosperity Addressing climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Pollution and emissions control Biodiversity and land use Resource recycling and reuse Water resources managementCorporate philanthropy On-site research Community communication activities Open Day events Complaint hotline Media communication Project environmental and social risk assessment Environmental information disclosure Environmental performance monitoring and disclose Respond to external investigation Science popularisation activities of environmental protectionStakeholders Business performance Addressing climate change Green-oriented transition of energy Invest in new energy Research and innovation Risk management and operation complianceInformation disclosure required by law Performance release and meeting Teleconference and online communication Capital market conference, investor hotline, and roadshowsKey Communication Topics Communication Channels Board of Directors Decision-making Feedback Decision-making FeedbackReporting ApprovalReporting Coordination Implementation CommunicationSustainability CommitteeStrategy CommitteeAudit CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal CommitteeNomination Committee The Board of Directors The Sustainability Committee Headquarters SubsidiariesThe Board of Directors is the top ESG decision-making body, responsible for the overall planning and coordination of its ESG governance. The Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors, with the Chairman of the Board as the chairperson of the Committee, is responsible for supervising and deliberating the Company's ESG strategy, targets and annual plans, and reporting ESG implementation results and major plans to the Board of Directors. Our subsidiaries operate in accordance with the Company's ESG management policies, ESG master plan, targets and tasks. Government and RegulationsCORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Shareholders and Investors Customers Employees CommunitiesCorporate Headquarters HQ Departments SubsidiariesHuman Rights Protection SystemHSE Management SystemRisk Management SystemAnti-corruption Management System 011 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report IdentificationRegular Important Significance to SinopecCore Evaluation ScreeningWe reviewed company development plans, government policy trends, energy and chemical industry policies and regulatory requirements, and benchmarked with the sustainability performance of industry peers. We identified 22 sustainability issues of significance both to the Company and our stakeholders. We invited representatives of both internal and external stakeholders to evaluate the identified issues, and took into consideration of the prioritisation of these issues sampled from our employees, to construct a two-dimensional mapping of the issues based on their significance. After comprehensive consideration of the evaluation results of various topics, core, important, and general topics are determined according to their significance, and their rankings are used as a guide for the disclosure of relevant information in this report. Energy transition and invest in new energy Research and innovation Addressing climate change Safety and occupational health Corporate governance Risk management and operation compliance Business ethics and anti-corruption Environmental protection and green development Talent attraction and retention Quality of products and services Core A4 Climate Change A4 Climate Change B2 Health and Safety B7 Anti-corruption A1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources, A4 Climate Change B3 Development and Training B6 Product Responsibility1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Respect human rights Employee training and career development Pollution and emissions control Digital and intelligent development Support common prosperity Biodiversity and land use Responsible supply chain Resource recycling and reuse Water resources management Community communication and engagementImportantB1 Employment, B4 Labour Standards B3 Development and Training A1 Emissions, A3 The Environment and Natural Resources B8 Community Investment A3 The Environment and Natural Resources B5 Supply Chain Management A2 Use of Resources A2 Use of Resources B8 Community Investment11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 201 324 9 1312 141618 20 21 2217191510 115 68 7 Significance to stakeholdersMateriality AnalysisIn 2023, the Company continued to identify and evaluate the material sustainability issues. This report discloses and responds to the Company's management and performance in addressing 22 identified issues. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 012 013 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 014 Corporate Governance Structure Corporate Governance PoliciesThe Company continuously explores the establishment of a modern corporate system, focusing on building a corporate governance structure with clear delineation and transparency of rights and responsibilities, collaborative operations, and effective checks and balances, and has established a sound, complete, scientific, and efficient corporate governance system, ensuring that the rights and responsibilities of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Directors and its special committees, the Supervisory Board, and the management team are clearly defined, coordinated and fulfilled. In accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and listing regulatory rules, the Company has formulated 18 governance systems such as the Articles of Association to provide institutional guarantees for ensuring the robust operation of the Company. The Company follows the latest regulatory rules at home and abroad and carries out timely system revisions to ensure the Company's corporate governance system current. Articles of Association of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Rules of Procedure for Sinopec's General Meeting of Shareholders Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board of China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Procedures for Director Nomination of Sinopec Procedures for Information Disclosure of Sinopec Regulations on Investor Relations Management of Sinopec Working Rules of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of SinopecGOVERNANCE SYSTEMIn accordance with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, and the provisions on the supervision and administration of securities at both domestic and international levels, Sinopec Corp. has formulated the Articles of Association and other governance documents, to continuously improve the corporate governance system to generate sustainable value. The General Meeting of Shareholders Board of Supervisors Senior ManagementBoard of Directors and Board Committees The General Meeting of Shareholders is the Company's decision-making body, exercising its powers in accordance with the law. The Company treats all shareholders equally and fully safeguards their legitimate rights and interests. In 2023, the Company convened three shareholder meetings and deliberated on and passed 33 proposals. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for supervising the legality of the Company's finances and the performance of duties by the Company's directors and senior management. The Board of Supervisors reports to the General Meeting of Shareholders, with a term of three years for each session. The Eighth Session of the Company's Board of Supervisors currently consists of seven supervisors, including three employee representatives, accounting for 43. Senior management is appointed by and reports to the Board of Directors. The Company currently has seven senior management staff, with the CEO as the primary person in charge, who reports to the Board of Directors and is under the direction and assessment of the Board of Directors. The committees hired designated consultancies to support their work, providing consultation and advice for the decision-making of the Board of Directors. Independent directors play the role of participating in decision-making, supervising and balancing, and providing professional advice, independently and objectively exercising their authorities. Independent directors leverage their professional expertise and advantages to promote the Company's operation management and scientific decision-making, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of all shareholders, especially small and medium-sized shareholders. Current Key Corporate Governance Policies of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 015 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 016 For details of the Company's Articles of Association and related policy documents, please refer to Board of DirectorsAs the decision-making body of Sinopec Corp., the Board of Directors reports to the General Meeting of Shareholders and plays a critical role in corporate governance. The Company continuously optimises the composition of the Board of Directors, strengthens the Board of Directors and board committees, emphasises the role of independent directors, laying a solid foundation for fully realising the effective governance of the Board of Directors. In 2023, the Company's Board of Directors operated in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Company's Articles of Association, and conscientiously implemented resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders. All directors were diligent and responsible, exercising their directorial powers appropriately and fully utilising their professional knowledge and skills to provide scientific decision-making for major Company matters. The annual report of the Company provides a detailed disclosure of the annual performance of the Board of Directors in the section of the Board of Directors Report. Attendance of the Board Independent Directors Working Rules Procedures and Qualifications for the Election of Independent Directors Performance of Independent Directors in 2023The Company's Independent Director Working Rules stipulate that independent directors shall not be less than 1 3 of the Board, with a minimum of three. It also specifies the qualifications for independent directors, the nomination, election, and replacement of independent directors, and the duties and rights of independent directors, ensuring the independent directors can perform their duties. In 2023, the Company promptly followed the regulatory requirements for the reform of the independent director system in China, and revised relevant policies to further strengthen the guarantee for independent directors to better perform their roles. The nominator of independent director candidates shall carefully verify the qualifications, eligibility, performance capabilities, and any factors that may affect their independence of each nominee, and make a statement and commitment on the verification results; meanwhile, the nominee shall make a public statement on their compliance with independence and other conditions for serving as an independent director. The Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the qualifications of the nominees and forms specific review opinions. Independent directors also need to conduct self-assessments on their independence annually and provide written confirmation to the Company. In 2023, the independent directors of the Company diligently fulfilled their duties, providing decision-making advice on important development matters for the Company. Three independent directors respectively serve as the chairpersons of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nomination Committee. The Company's independent directors implement the requirements of the Company's Articles of Association and the Working Rules for Independent Directors, participating in decision-making, supervising and balancing, and providing professional advice, conscientiously fulfilling their duties and participating in decision-making on major corporate matters. They also conducted research and onsite visits in Jiangsu and Hainan to better understand the industrial chain, operation and management, transformation and upgrading, and reform and development of the Company. During the reporting period, the independent directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on matters such as nominating directors and appointing senior executives, related- party transactions, profit distribution schemes, reappointing accounting firms, issuing A-shares to specific entities, share repurchases, etc., safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and all shareholders. Other Positions of Independent Directors Board ElectionIn accordance with the relevant requirements of China Securities Regulatory Commission, and to ensure that independent directors have enough time and energy to effectively perform their duties, the Company stipulates in the Articles of Association that those who have concurrently served as an independent director in five listed companies are not eligible to be an independent director of the Company. Directors shall be elected or replaced by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and each Board has a three-year tenure of office. Independent non-executive directors may not be re-elected for more than 6 years. Independent director candidates are nominated by the Company's Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, or shareholders holding more than 1 of the total voting shares, individually or collectively, of the Company; candidates for directors other than independent directors are nominated by the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, or shareholders holding more than 3 of the total voting shares, individually or collectively, of the Company, and the list of director candidates is submitted to the General Meetings of Shareholders for deliberation in in the form of a proposal. A cumulative voting system is adopted when electing two or more directors at the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Company has formulated the Board of Directors Diversity Policy, and the nomination and appointment of board members are based on the skills and experience required for the overall sound operation of the Board of Directors, as well as the diversity requirements and goals of the Board. The Company considers the diversity of the Board from multiple dimensions, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, tenure, region, cultural and educational background, gender, and age. The provisions on the tenure of directors in the Company's Articles of Association are conducive to ensuring a proper balance between sustained experience and new thinking of the Board, which enhances the diversity of the Board. Currently, the Company's Board of Directors has achieved diversity in terms of gender, cultural and educational background, and professional expertise. The current members of the Company's Board of Directors come from different industries at home and abroad, with rich theoretical and practical experience in various professions, including operations and management of oil and petrochemical enterprises, as well as economics, accounting, finance, industrial and energy economics. As of the end of 2023, the Eighth Board of Directors of the Company has nine directors, including three executive directors and six non-executive directors, with non-executive directors accounting for 67 of the Board; there are four independent directors, accounting for 44 of the Board; and female directors account for 11 of the Board. The Company's Board of Directors consists of six non-executive directors, of whom four are independent directors. The non-executive directors account for 67 of the board. Independent directors do not hold any position in the Company other than director. The Company continuously improves the Independent Director Working Rules and other policies to standardise the operation of independent directors, ensuring the independence of the Board of Directors. Effectiveness of the Board1 Diversity of the Board2Independence of the Board3 In 2023, the Company convened six Board meetings with a 100 attendance rate of the directors, and deliberated and approved 50 motions. Relevant information about the meetings is disclosed on the websites of related stock exchanges and our corporate website in the form of announcements. Strategy CommitteeAudit CommitteeNomination CommitteeSustainability CommitteeRemuneration and Appraisal CommitteeWorking Rules of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Working Rules of the Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors of SinopecComposed of three directors, including two independent non- executive directors, one of whom serves as Chairperson of the Committee. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders by inspecting and supervising the legality of the performance of the directors and senior management personnel. The term of office for the Company's supervisors is three years, with re-election and consecutive terms allowed. Supervisors who are not employee representatives of the Company are elected and dismissed by the General Meeting of Shareholders, and those who are employee representatives are democratically elected and dismissed by employees of the Company via employee representative meeting, employ congress or other means. By the end of 2023, the Company's Board of Supervisors consisted of seven members, of whom three were employee representatives, accounting for 43 of the Board. In 2023, the Board of Supervisors convened four meetings in total, with a 100 attendance rate, and mainly approved 20 agenda items, including the annual report, financial report, sustainability report, internal control evaluation report, and the Board of Supervisors' work report of the Company. In terms of performance evaluation for senior management, the Company incorporates indicators such as quality benefits, service strategy, innovation drive, professional management, as well as ESG-related targets such as production safety, energy conservation and environmental protection, and compliance into the performance assessment of senior management personnel, with relevant performance-based incentives based on the evaluation results. The Company has formulated and implements a robust performance evaluation and compensation management mechanism for senior management, stipulating that the compensation of senior management mainly consists of basic annual salary, performance bonuses, and tenure incentives. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of Sinopec Corp.'s Board of Directors makes recommendations to the Board of Directors on the formulation of compensation plans or schemes and assessment for directors, supervisors, and other senior management staff. For compensation determination, the committee has comprehensively considered the Company's goals and targets, compensation schemes of industry peers, the responsibilities and performance of directors and senior executives, etc. On 27 February 2023, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee deliberated and approved the Report on the Implementation of the 2022 Compensation System for Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management. The claw-back mechanism also applies to senior executives who have already resigned or retired. Responsibilities Policies and mechanismComposition Key activities in 2023 Remuneration and Appraisal of Directors and Senior Management PersonnelBoard CommitteesThe Company has established five committees under the Board, which are the Strategy Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, and the Sustainability Committee. The committees conduct research on professional matters, and present opinions and suggestions to the Board for decision-making. Weight Assessment Indicators Indicator Category Quality and benefit indicators Total profit, return on equity, cash flow, costs (expenses), economic value added, etc. Key task indicators 10 A maximum of 15 points can be deducted from operating performance points for poor performance in production safety, and 10 points in energy conservation and environmental protection. Compulsory indicatorsCORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 019 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report CASEInformation Disclosure and Investor Relations Management A Reverse Roadshow Covering the Entire Industry ChainThe Company strictly fulfils its information disclosure obligations of where it is listed in accordance with laws and regulations, and strives for greater disclosure transparency. Guided by investor demand, the Company keeps optimising its information disclosure system to develop a deeper integration with its internal control system, and optimising the format and the distribution of information disclosure, delivering concise and easy to understand formats such as digital infographics to improve the effectiveness of information disclosure. In 2023, the Company's information disclosure received an A-level evaluation from the Shanghai Stock Exchange for the 10th consecutive year. The Company's directors and senior management staff actively communicate with investors and other stakeholders, listening to opinions and suggestions and responding to their inquires in a timely manner. The Company actively expands the breadth and depth of its communication with stakeholders to help them better understand the Company through various channels, such as General Meeting of Shareholders, roadshows, reverse roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, investor hotlines, corporate website columns, and new media platforms, winning a variety of award in this regard, including the China Securities Golden Bauhinia Award for Outstanding Investor Relations Management and the Best Investor Relations Team award voted by the Institutional Investor. In June 2023, the Company organised a reverse roadshow covering its entire industry chain, showcasing the advantages and development potential of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 020 021 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 022 Compliance Risk Management2 Enhance Compliance Training3 Enhance Audit Supervision4Compliance ManagementINTEGRITY AND COMPLIANCE 54 Items Operating norms of the Company 52 Items Codes of conduct for Sinopec employeesSinopec Compliance Risk Management Three Lines of Defence The Company and its direct affiliates have established a comprehensive compliance risk identification, assessment, and early warning mechanism based on the comprehensive risk management framework, and established and regularly updated the compliance risk database, highlighting and strengthening the prevention, process control, and classified management of compliance risks. The Company and Its Direct Affiliates Business units and functional departments regularly review and analyse the mandatory compliance requirements and voluntary compliance commitments within the scope of their business responsibilities, focusing on identifying relevant risks in business activities, clarifying risk issues, determining risk levels, formulating preventive measures, establishing risk lists, and timely reporting compliance risks to the compliance management department. Business Units and Functional Departments The compliance management department summarises and analyses the compliance risk situation, identifies and evaluates major and important compliance risks; pays attention to changes in the external regulatory environment, prompts and urges relevant departments and units to timely identify and evaluate compliance risks and take corresponding measures; focuses on key business areas and links, key personnel positions, refines management, and strengthens dynamic monitoring and early warning of major and important compliance risks. The Compliance Management DepartmentFirst line of defenceSecond line of defenceThird line of defence Sinopec Corp. has established a sound integrity and compliance management system strictly adhering to compliance and integrity management requirements and principles. The Company formulates and implements a series of policies to continuously strengthen business ethics awareness at both the corporate and the employee levels, including the Comprehensive Management Opinions on Strengthening Management in Compliance with Laws and Regulations, the Integrity and Compliance Management Manual, the Compliance Management Measures, the Tax Management Measures, etc. The Company applies a zero tolerance attitude towards corruption and violations of business ethics, resolutely strive to eliminate all behaviours that violate business ethics, and continuously improves the integrity and compliance management and the anti-corruption capabilities of the Company. With a sound and robust compliance management mechanism, processes, and relevant operational support, the mechanism fully functions to provide three lines of defence in compliance management, contributing to building a comprehensive, effective, and customised compliance management system. The Company continuously optimises its compliance management system, and has formulated and implemented a number of relevant policies and regulations, including the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures, the Sinopec Major Project Legal Compliance Review and Demonstration Management Measures, and the Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual. The Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual addresses ten areas, including corporate governance and operations, safety, environmental protection, employee health and security, anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption, consumer rights protection, anti- monopoly and unfair competition, finance and taxation, assets, social responsibility and employee rights, intellectual property and data, international trade and investment, business partners. It specifies 54 operating norms that the Company shall comply with 52 codes of conduct for Sinopec Corp.'s employees, providing the basic requirements and behavioural norms for both the Company and its employees in conducting external communications, upholding professional ethics, adhering to business ethics, safeguarding legitimate rights, and fulfilling social responsibilities. In 2023, the Company revised the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures, comprehensively upgrading the basic compliance management system; developed and released the compliance guidelines for bidding and tendering, as well as compliance risk lists in bidding and tendering, ecological environment protection, and finance and taxation fields, further enriching and improving the compliance management system of the Company. The Company also integrates compliance requirements into employee performance management, incorporating compliance, unity and cooperation, and integrity indicators in the performance assessment of employees, using multi-dimensional evaluations to ensure the effectiveness of compliance management at the employee level. The Company has formulated the Employee Code of Conduct, which regulates employee compliance behaviour in terms of health, safety and environmental protection, behavioural norms, ethical standards, workplace etiquette, quality requirements, confidentiality requirements, etc. The Company formulated the 2023 compliance management training plan and organised a series of compliance management training programmes, such as the compliance management training series for legal compliance management staff and compliance personnel of refining, sales and research subsidiaries. The Company organised a training programme for Chief Compliance Officers of subsidiaries to help them improve their legal thinking, compliance awareness, and legal compliance capabilities. The video lecture series were studied 69, 593 views. The Company's audit requirements clearly specify the requirements for operating in compliance with the laws and regulations. The Company has formulated audit key points and audit plans, both emphasising the need to focus on operating in compliance with the law, major risk prevention and control, the authenticity and legality of financial accounting information, as well as the compliance of procurement and sales management, investments, overseas business operations, etc. Compliance Policy Guarantee1Policy Law Risk Internal ControlCompliance 60. 34 59. 13 204060Participation in Compliance TrainingCoverage Rate of Employee Compliance Training Unit 10, 000 person-timesUnit 3335 102030 2023 2023 2022 2022Year-on-year Change 6. 06 Year-on-year Change An increase of 1. 21 percentage points Sinopec Compliance Management Measures Sinopec Major Project Legal Compliance Review and Demonstration Management Measures Sinopec Integrity Compliance Management Manual Opinions on Strengthening Management of Comprehensive Compliance with Laws and Regulations in Sinopec Employee Code of Conduct Regulations on Employee DisciplineCurrent Key Compliance Management Policies of Sinopec Corp. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 023 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 024 Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption ManagementThe Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Servants Disciplinary Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on the Integrity of Leading Cadres in State- owned Enterprises, and the Measures for the Implementation of Accountability for Violations of Operating and Investment by Central Enterprises (Trial), as well as anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable in the markets where we operate, international conventions such as the United Nations Convention against Corruption, complies with the provisions and commitments of the Company and its business partners on integrity and anti-corruption, and conducts operations in accordance with regulations. In 2023, the Company further strengthened its anti-corruption and compliance policies and optimised its anti-corruption system, and formulating and revising a number of policies, such as the Sinopec Compliance Management Measures and the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations. The revised version of the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations specifies 13 specific behaviours that violate the requirements of integrity in employment, involving receiving and giving gifts, using public funds for personal expenses, irregular provision of allowances, subsidies, bonuses, and company-funded trips, etc. Any employee that is found to have violated the requirements shall be disciplined in accordance with the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations. After preliminary verification, if an employee is suspected of violating regulations, discipline, or laws and needs to be held accountable, the Company shall initiate a case to further investigate, and make corresponding decisions and disciplinary actions based on the nature and severity of the incident. The Company conducts regular comprehensive risk identification and risk level classification, with a focus on anti-corruption and compliance risks. The Supervision Department regularly reports the overall state of anti-corruption and important matters to the Sustainability Committee and the Board as an effective reporting mechanism for major matters. The Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the Company's anti-corruption management at the decision- making level; the Supervision Department organises and coordinates the implementation of anti-corruption policies according to its responsibilities; each subsidiary has a supervisory body or position, equipped with full-time or part-time staff, to carry out anti-corruption work in accordance with laws and regulations and company disciplines. The Company also regularly conducts research and deploys key supervision tasks. In March 2023, the Company's anti-corruption and compliance management and its performance in 2022 was reviewed by the Sustainability Committee of the Board. The Supervision Department of the Company operates under the oversight of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and staff to ensure standardised behaviour and prevent abuse of power. The Supervision Department implements internal power checks and balances and work processes to prevent the abuse of power; strengthens supervision and inspection and regulates the supervision behaviour of lower-level supervisory bodies. Whistleblowing reports on supervisory institutions and personnel are handled separately and independently investigated by specialised units. Fraudulent behaviours of supervisory personnel will be strictly investigated and punished in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and company regulations. Anti-Corruption Statement of Sinopec Corp. Sinopec Corp. strictly abides by China's anti-corruption laws and regulations, the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable to the countries and regions where it operates. The Company complies with the business integrity and anti-corruption regulations and commitments of its business partners and always advocates for an integrity culture. The Company strictly forbids its subsidiaries and employees, including labourers and temporary workers, from giving or accepting bribes, or engaging in corruption, fraud, or monopoly behaviour for any reason, in any form and any location. The Company also requires suppliers, contractors, and service providers to follow these requirements. When conducting business overseas, the Company strictly abides by the principles and regulations of anti-corruption, anti-commercial bribery, anti-fraud, and anti-monopoly. Anti-Corruption Organisational Framework1Anti-Corruption Policy and System2 Anti-Corruption Risk Management3Sinopec Compliance Management Measures Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations Supervision and Discipline Measures of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Team (Trial) Opinions on Strengthening Daily Supervision of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Institutions (Trial) Implementation Measures on Accountability for Non-compliance in Investment Management Regulations on Working Procedures for Accountability Investigation (Trial) Measures of Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision Agency for Handling Reports and Accusations Regulations on Management Personnel's Relatives Engaging in Business Activities Methods for Daily Supervisory Conversations Methods for Reporting and Recording of Management Personnel's Illegitimate Involvement in Major MattersCurrent Key Anti-corruption Policies of Sinopec Corp. Material Procurement Engineering Construction Product SalesStrictly implemented the requirements of the Ten Prohibitions for Material Procurement of Sinopec and the Eight Prohibitions for Bidding and Tendering Personnel, continuously optimised supervision indicators around key processes such as bidding, quotation comparison, and contract signing, and improved the mechanism of pre-warning, in- process monitoring, and post-evaluation. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 025 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 026 2022 20222023 2023Indicators Indicators489. 37 27 3 119. 5 100 1. 4 88. 2 100536. 35 19 0 119. 7 100 1. 5 89. 1 100Total number of public entries in the Business Disclosure Information System (ten thousand) Participation of anti-corruption and integrity training (10, 000 person-times) Coverage rate of anti-corruption trainings ( ) Number of disciplinary legal education training sessions (10, 000 times) Coverage of disciplinary legal education and training ( )Number of employees participated in disciplinary legal education (10, 000 person-times)Number of individuals disciplined for violating the Company's anti-corruption policies Number of corruption litigation cases adjudicated by the court Anti-corruption Education Investigation and Disciplinary ActionsCoordinated and provided integrated integrity education in business training for employees at all levels, achieving full coverage of integrity education through centralised warning education, reminders communications, and case briefings. In 2023, the Company headquarters and its subsidiaries jointly offered 2, 623 anti- corruption and integrity training courses, with a total training time of 17, 650 hours. Neither the Company nor any of its employees was involved in corruption lawsuits that have been adjudicated by the court. Supervision and Special GovernanceSinopec Corp. has established a whistleblowing mechanism to accepts opinions from various parties in accordance to the integrity management principle of listening to different opinions. As of the end of 2023, the Company's whistleblowing channels include mailing, in-person reporting, phone line to the supervisory authority, and suggestion columns on corporate website, etc. The Company regards the protection of whistleblowers' privacy as a significant responsibility, and continuously enhances the internal confidentiality mechanism and formulates the Company's approaches to accusations. The Company strictly keeps confidential the name, affiliation, and address of the whistleblowers. If anonymous whistleblowing reports are received, identification verification through handwriting or IP address is prohibited. If the situation makes it necessary to identify the anonymous whistleblowers' identities, such action has to go through a due process of approval first. Indicators Number of suppliers punished for business integrity violations2022 2023 6 611, 109 Number of suppliers passing legal entity credit certificationKey Anti-Corruption Activities in 20234 Protection of the Whistle-blower5 Petition and Whistleblowing Handling Procedures Review the allegations received to understand the key information and nature of the reported incidents. The handling personnel shall put forward suggestions for handling the reported incidents, and report the handling suggestions to relevant supervisory personnel in charge for approval and implementation. The Complaint Management Department regularly conducts comprehensive statistical analysis of incidents handled. Information reviewSummary registrationStatistical analysisHandling and processing Anti-Corruption and Compliance of Supply ChainThe Company attaches great importance to anti-corruption and compliance management in the supply chain, and has formulated regulations such as the Ten Prohibitions for Material Procurement of Sinopec, the Eight Prohibitions for Bidding Practitioners, the Performance Evaluation Measures for Material Supply Management of Sinopec, and clearly stipulated the anti-corruption and compliance requirements and disciplinary provisions in the Sinopec Employee Disciplinary Regulations for procurement operations. The Company signs a Business Integrity Commitment with contractors and suppliers, which attached to the procurement contract (agreement) and has the same legal effect, to regulate trading behaviours. The Company conducts audit supervision on supplier management, focusing on the compliance issues related to supplier qualifications, procurement methods, and procurement procedures. Issues identified in the audit shall be rectified with measures such as assessment of suppliers, policy revision, and disciplinary actions against relevant parties. By the end of 2023, a total of 11, 109 suppliers passed legal entity credit certification. In 2023, the Company disqualified 6 suppliers involved in corruption issues from transactions. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 027 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 028 Sinopec Corp. has established a robust risk management and internal control system, and regularly conducts risk identification, assessment, and control efforts. Each year, the Company, and its subsidiaries organised corporate risk assessment with the assistance of internal and external experts to ensure the effectiveness and applicability of risk assessment results. In terms of internal control management, the Company continuously strengthens its internal control supervision and management, and has established a sound management mechanism of systems, policies, and supervisory functions. In 2023, the Company generated quarterly risk alerts based on calculation of the indicators, achieving the initial effects of risk monitoring and early warning. The Company includes risk management as a mandatory performance indicator for the compensation appraisal system for senior management staff, with deductions of performance points for major decision-making errors or legal disputes. The Company has fully integrated risk control concepts into various trainings of its business units. In 2023, the Company organised three sessions of fundamental training on risk management and internal control, covering more than 300 leaders and key personnel from relevant departments. The Company also organised risk management and internal control position training and business competitions, with a total participation of 572 thousand person-times. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL Sinopec Corp.'s Board of Directors is the top authority and decision-making body for risk management, with the Chairman of the Board acting as the highest-level person in charge of risk management. Headquarters Departments In accordance with the requirements of comprehensive risk management, Sinopec subsidiaries have set up their own comprehensive risk management leading teams to ensure the effective implementation of risk management efforts. SubsidiariesRisk Management System of Sinopec Corp. 572 Thousand person-times Participants of risk management and internal control position training and business competitionsTax Management Intellectual Property ProtectionThe Company has formulated the Tax Management Measures and other relevant policies to ensure tax compliance, and conscientiously fulfils its tax obligation in compliance with the relevant tax policies and regulations of the market where it operates, as well as the Company's management policies and operation procedures. With a strong focus on accurate and timely tax payments, the Company maintains authentic and complete tax-related data and records to meet regulatory requirements and disclose tax information in accordance with applicable regulations. The Company supports and complies with the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) programme, and is committed to paying taxes legitimately in where it operates and creates value, and contributing to local social and economic development. In 2023, the Company regularly studied state tax policies and organised relevant trainings for tax-related personnel in order to help them improve their understanding and application capabilities of the policy updates. The Company also continuously strengthened its tax management information system and intensified its tax management efforts. The Regional Finance and Tax Coordination Team conducts joint inspections and cross inspections of tax risks of enterprises within each region, and strengthens source compliance control, process compliance management, and result compliance monitoring, promotes normalised, institutionalised, and precise risk prevention and control, so as to enhance the tax risk prevention and control capabilities of the Company. The Company continuously highlights the key role of intellectual property in corporate competitiveness, and has formulated its intellectual property strategy focusing on key business development, building a unique and effective intellectual property management system regarding the creation, application, protection, and management of intellectual property. The Company strictly abides by the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations related to intellectual property protection, fully undertaking intellectual property protection efforts. The Company has formulated and implements a series of regulations and policies to provide clear implementation norms for promoting patent management and intellectual property protection, including the Sinopec Intellectual Property Protection Regulations, the Sinopec Patent Management Measures, the Sinopec Proprietary Technology Management Measures, the Sinopec Technology Trade Management Measures, the Sinopec Technology Achievement Transformation Promotion and Incentive Management Measures, and the Sinopec Chemical Commercial Holding Co., Ltd. Intellectual Property Protection Management Regulations, allowing intellectual property to play a more important role in supporting and leading the Company's innovation and development with better managed creation, application, protection, and management of intellectual property. Risk Management Risk Management System1CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 029 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 030 The Company has established a robust internal control management system of organisational framework, policies, and evaluation mechanism, covering different levels at headquarters and subsidiaries. In 2023, the Company conducted internal control audit evaluations on 31 subsidiaries, and required the rectification of identified risks through methods such as improving risk lists, revising internal control implementation rules or relevant policies. Internal Control Management Risk Identification and Assessment by Category The Company carries out comprehensive identification annually to identify the focus of annual risk management, and prepares its comprehensive risk management report based on risk evaluation results. Questionnaire Survey AssessmentInternal Control Management System of Sinopec Corp. Organisational Framework Policy and SystemManagement Module Headquarters Level Subsidiary Level Process of Annual Major Risk Identification and Assessment Evaluation MechanismThe Company regularly conducts risk identification and assessment, collects relevant internal and external information, identifies risks, analyses the causes of risks, formulates risks list, uses a combination of qualitative and quantitative methods to assess the risk level, and clarifies the focus of risk management in conjunction with development strategies and operational objectives. In 2023, the Company conducted its annual major risk identification assessment with multi- dimensional approach, drawing reference from its major risk prevention and mitigation plan, the analysis of future trends, and annual risk assessment list recommendations from internal and external consulting agencies, and formulated and implemented relevant measures based on the assessment results. The Company continues to optimise ESG governance and risk control, and strives to enhance its overall ESG management by including risk management assessment in the annual performance appraisal of various departments and subsidiaries. Risk Identification and Assessment Procedures ESG Risk Management2 3The Company conducts special risk assessment for major investment projects during the feasibility study phase, and develops a special risk assessment report accordingly. Each unit conducts dynamic risk assessment of relevant risks based on the annual risk assessment results and in conjunction with daily operational management. Major Risk Report and Response Developed a 2023 annual risk assessment survey questionnaire in accordance with risk assessment standards, and surveyed 2, 576 personnel from headquarters and subsidiaries using the questionnaire on two dimensions, the likelihood of occurrence and the degree of impact. Entrusted the internal and external advisory agencies to evaluate key risks for Sinopec Corp. in 2023, and compiled a risk assessment report accordingly. Compiled the Annual Major Risk Management Report with a total of 24 major risks identified and analysed and corresponding mitigation and control measures proposed. As the top decision-making body for internal control and management within the Company, the Board of Directors determines the internal control system, and is in charge of the overall supervision and evaluation of internal control policies and their effective implementation. The Audit Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the Company's internal control system. The Audit Department independently exercises the inspection and evaluation functions of internal control management. Headquarters functional departments and business units are responsible for the formulation and effective implementation of internal controls related to their respective functions and business units. The Audit Department carries out various audits and continuously supervises the Company's internal control independently. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 031 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 032 2022 2023225232 2022 202349, 85255, 335 20, 00040, 00060, 000 2022 20233, 0006, 0009, 000 2022 20238, 687 6, 2899, 601 5, 483 3, 0006, 0009, 000 Built a strategic innovation platform, all four State Key Laboratories Sinopec plays a leading role passed optimisation and restructuring, and participated in the construction of two new State Key Laboratories. Increased investment in technological research, established special grant for key research projects, and continuously optimised assessment and incentive mechanism to further stimulate the vitality of technological innovation. Our kitchen waste grease to bio-aviation fuel plant successfully completed commercial scale pilot production, the first in China, with the full range of products, including bio- aviation fuel, biodiesel, and bio-naphtha, successfully passed the certifications of the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB). Hydrogen production Achieved milestone results in the development of Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolysis and Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cell (SOEC) hydrogen production technologies. Hydrogen purification Developed high-efficiency active adsorbents and modular purification processes that can be used to treat hydrogen from different sources, with the complete set of technologies successfully applied in a number of subsidiaries. Hydrogen storage, transportation, and fuel cells Achieved milestone results in the development of hydrogen storage materials, membrane electrodes, and catalysts, etc. Successfully developed commercial scale membrane electrodes using independently developed catalysts as the active component, and self-assembled stacks passed third- party testing. Sinopec Corp. has developed the full range of CCUS technologies, and built the first million- tonne CCUS demonstration project in China (Qilu Petrochemical - Shengli Oilfield), with the first hundred-kilometre CO 2 long-distance pipeline constructed and in operation in China. The Company also jointly conducted research on the first open million-tonne CCUS project in East China with both domestic and global partners. By 2023, the Company intensified its efforts in technological innovation and optimised the overall coordination of research resources, resulting in an increase of its technological innovation capabilities. In 2023, the Company focused its research efforts on key core technologies with a series of fundamental, cutting-edge, and disruptive technological research projects, and had made considerable achievements in many areas. TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION Technological Innovation ManagementTechnological Innovation Achievements Number of patent applications filed in the yearNumber of patent applications granted in the yearCumulative number of patents granted globallyR&D investment Unit RMB millionBiomass Fuel New Chemical Materials Hydrogen EnergyRefiningOil and Gas Exploration and Development CCUS TechnologiesThe first independently developed epichlorohydrin production unit using the CHP (cumene hydroperoxide) method successfully started operation. Completed the construction of the 5, 000 tonnes per year high-performance liquid rubber plant, which could produce liquid rubber material used in 5G communication high-frequency copper-clad laminate and flexible resin board, marking the commercial production and large-scale application of high-performance liquid rubber. Developed a number of products using polyolefin elastomer (POE), including photovoltaic film, resin modification, and foaming materials, all of which can be produced in mass scale. Developed the continuous pyrolysis technology of waste plastics (RPCC), which is a key technology in the plastic recycling of waste plastics with the advantages of large-scale, continuous operation, and high impurity removal rate, providing an effective solution to address the white pollution. Developed new high molecular materials for medical and health protection under multiple brand names, which are widely used in the production of masks, protective suits, isolation cabins, and surgical gowns. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 034 033 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Intensified the in-depth application of the investment management platform, and optimised the digitalised risk and inspection platform applications, and completed the construction of 87 analysis decision models in five major categories including risk management, supporting the construction of a digital financial management system to promote digitalisation. Three oilfield subsidiaries achieved intelligent oil and gas field operation management, with a single well early warning accuracy rate of over 85, improving the capabilities to top the potentials of oil and gas reserves. The Company actively implemented digital and intelligent upgrading in safety, environmental protection, energy and other areas, completing the construction of a total of 15 intelligent factories, among which six were upgraded in 2023, piloted unmanned testing and measurement operations, and applied the alarm information push application online in 42 refining and chemical subsidiaries which increased the timely alarm handling rate by more than 10. 59 subsidiaries of the Companies launched online carbon accounting applications. Eleven subsidiaries adopted the integrated logistics platform, comprehensively improving production and operation efficiency and contributing to the green development of the Company. Digital trade and services helped tap new business potentials. The Company upgraded its customer service system to achieve intelligent operation, with an intelligent robot question answering accuracy rate of 86. Breakthroughs the Digital Transformation of Various Fields The Petrochemical Industry Intelligent Manufacturing Public Service Platform project passed the acceptance inspection by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Company also officially released the Guidelines for the Construction of Petrochemical Industry Intelligent Manufacturing Standard System. Completed all pilot tasks of the Industrial Internet Production Safety project, and the pilot applications, such as intelligent inspection, dynamic leak detection, and unmanned tank cleaning robot, of the 5G infrastructure construction and application project had been successfully deployed to help eliminate safety risks. The Industrial Internet Equipment project has completed the 5G new generation inspection, key unit status monitoring pilot applications, which increased the accuracy of pump group failure diagnosis to 97, providing effective support for preventing pump failures and eliminating safety accidents. Progresses of Key Demonstration ProjectsSinopec Corp. vigorously implements digital transformation, and continuously enhances the digital and intelligent capabilities as new engine for high-quality development. In 2023, the Company achieved a series of results in digital transformation and intelligent development. Sinopec Corp. became the first enterprise in the petrochemical industry to be rated the top class (Level 5) enterprise in data management capability, and its data application case won the first prize in the Industrial Internet Big Data Innovation Application track of the 2nd China Big Data Competition. Furthermore, the Company and its subsidiaries have received numerous honours and recognitions in areas such as cyber security, digital scenario innovation, intelligent manufacturing, and 5G factory construction, etc. Formulate management plans and verification and reporting scheme for carbon emission, which has been fully incorporated in the internal control management system. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE CLIMATE GOVERNANCEThe Company is committed to fully integrating climate change into its strategic planning, corporate governance system, comprehensive risk management system, as well as its daily operation and management. The Company attaches great importance to climate risks, and has fully incorporated climate risks in the formulation process of its overall development strategies. The Company also closely follows national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality policy trends and makes timely adjusts of its development strategies and action plans. Carbon related targets, such as energy conservation and environmental protection performance, have been integrated into the annual performance assessment for both the senior management and the subsidiaries as binding indicators that linked to annual performance bonuses. Each year, the Company selects units, managers, and individuals with outstanding performance in energy conservation and environmental protection for recognition every year. Units and individuals making exceptional contributions to energy conservation, emission reduction, and carbon reduction are recognised with special awards for energy conservation and environmental protection. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE Board of Directors 1 Strategy Committee Audit Committee Sustainability Committee Management Level Comprehensive Risk Management Implementation Leading Group2 Executive Body Department of Health, Safety, and Environmental ManagementDepartment of Enterprise Reform and Legal AffairsSubsidiaries3 039 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Delegates from Sinopec Corp. participated in the 28th United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP28). During the series of side events at the China Pavilion, the Company made keynote speeches featuring on New Progress in CCUS in China, Wind and Solar Hydrogen Storage, and Powering Urban Sustainable Development with Carbon Markets the Shanghai Experience, etc., showcasing the wisdom and contribution of Sinopec in addressing climate change challenges with the introductions of the achievements and technologies of its CCUS full-industrial chain demonstration project, experience in high-quality development of hydrogen energy, coordinated pollution reduction and carbon reduction methodology, and the green and low-carbon actions alongside its projects in the Belt and Road markets. CLIMATE ACTION STRATEGIES 8 Eight Major Actions for Carbon Peaking Cooperation and Exchanges on Climate ChangeSinopec Corp. actively engages in external cooperation and exchanges to explore successful practices that may facilitate transformation of the petroleum and chemical industry towards achieving carbon neutrality goals. In 2023, the Company co-hosted the Carbon Neutrality Economy Forum with Tsinghua University, organising in-depth discussions on topics such as energy transition, technological innovation, and mutually beneficial cooperation and exploring the path of transformation towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality. The Company also participated in a series of research projects, such as the Research on Major Issues of Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality of Key Industries initiated by Chinese Academy of Engineering and the Carbon Capture Technology Specification for Petrochemical Industry - Solvent and Process Category project initiated by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, providing support for the formulation of relevant policies and standard systems. Sinopec's Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Strategic Road MapVigorously implementing the Green and Clean development strategy focusing on ecological priority, green transformation, and clean development, Sinopec Corp. is committed to following the path of green and low-carbon development with comprehensive efforts in promoting the transitioning from fossil energy to clean energy, scaling up clean energy development, and realising low-carbon production processes. The Company has integrated considerations for climate change into its development strategy and production operation, and accelerated the pace to build up green and low-carbon competitiveness, striving to become a new champion of green, clean, and low-carbon development in the industry and making our shares of contribution to help the world better cope with global climate change challenges. When formulating its overall development strategies and making major decisions, the Company attaches great importance to international conventions, such as the targets of Paris Agreement and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, as well as government policies related to climate change, such as the Working Guidance for Carbon Dioxide Peaking and Carbon Neutrality in Full and Faithful Implementation of the New Development Philosophy, and the Notice on Issuing the Action Plan for Carbon Peaking by 2030 by the State Council, conducting research and analysis, or initiating major research project when necessary, of the impacts and implications, sometimes in the form of key research topics, of the impacts and implications of these policies, so as to help the Company better grasp development opportunities and avoid potential risks. The Company has issued the Management Measures for Carbon Emission Evaluation of Fixed Asset Investment Projects of Sinopec, requiring all investment projects to undergo economic evaluation of carbon emissions, with the evaluation results also incorporated into the decision-making process of the projects. The Company has formulated policies such as the Guiding Opinions on Sinopec's Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Action and the Action Plan for Carbon Peaking by 2030 of Sinopec, and initiated the Eight Major Actions for Carbon Peaking, including enhancing clean and low-carbon energy supply capacity, transformation and upgrading of refining and chemical industry structure, and promoting energy conservation and carbon and pollution, etc., vigorously and steadily marking on towards the realisation of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets. The Company's Comprehensive Risk Management Executive Leadership Team is also responsible for identifying and evaluating climate change-related risks and opportunities, researching on relevant response measures, and reporting to the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, and the Sustainability Committee. Risk management departments at the Company headquarters prepare quarterly report on the management of major risk, which is submitted to the Board of Directors. Transition Risks Policy and Legal RisksRisk Descriptions Risk Factors Increasingly frequent occurrence of extreme weather events such as typhoons, rainstorms, and floods cause risks such as damage to manufacturing facilities and transportation and supply chain disruptions, leading to decreased operating capacity, increased operating costs, and reduced profitability. Extreme weather events may cause secondary disasters and production accidents, posing threats to both personal safety and ecological environment and causing economic losses, which increase the operational expenses of the Company. Physical Risks Acute Risks Extreme fluctuations in climate patterns, long-term average temperature rise, and changes in rainfall may increase construction costs (such as due to extended construction period, early damage of equipment, etc.) as well as the insurance costs for equipment and personnel. An increase in average temperature may increase operating costs, such as increased demand for equipment cooling water, and increased demand for cooling and heating of operating facilities. Physical Risks Chronic Risks The concept of sustainable consumption is getting momentum. Customers and consumers may increasingly prioritise products and services with green and low-carbon attributes. If the Company fails to launch green products and services that meet market trends, it may face the risk of declining income. Transition Risks Market Risks To keep up with the rapid development and updates in technology driven by the low-carbon economy transformation, the Company will need to continuously increase efforts and investment in R&D in energy conservation and emission reduction technologies and renewable energy to ensure the realisation of its carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals. During the process, the Company will see higher operating costs with intensified investment in R&D and infrastructure. Transition Risks Technology Risks Transition Risks Reputation RisksIn 2023, the Company closely followed the latest trends home and abroad and formulated the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Plan Midterm Evaluation and 2023-2025 Rolling Plan based on a thorough study of sustainable development risks and opportunities such as climate change, including risks such as the possible constraints caused by the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality targets, and the development of new energy vehicles, as well as opportunities such as policy guidance from the Belt and Road initiative and the regional coordinated development initiatives, and energy transformation and industrial upgrading. All these risks and opportunities have been incorporated into the Plan, ensuring the systematically coordination of various actions to address climate change challenges. Countermeasures Carry out meteorological monitoring and strengthen extreme weather warnings, formulate scientific and effective disaster emergency plans, and intensify emergency drills. CLIMATE RISK MANAGEMENT Under the background of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, the government is shifting the focus of the dual control mechanism from energy consumption to both the total amount and the intensity of carbon emissions. More stringent laws and regulations are expected to be imposed to limit or reduce carbon emissions, creating compliance risks to high emission and high energy consumption industries. Compliance with these policies may have a substantial impact on the capital expenditures, profits, and strategic growth of the Company. The national carbon emission trading market was launched in 2021, with some company-owned power plants included in the emission control scope. Subsequently, most subsidiaries will be included in the emission control list, which may increase the Company's carbon emission compliance costs accordingly. Government continues to intensify the efforts to control methane emissions. CBAM may affect steel, cement, aluminium, fertilisers, electricity, and hydrogen industries, as well as indirect carbon emissions under specific conditions and some downstream products. If petrochemical industry or related products are added to the list of affected industries, the Company may face greater exporting costs. Stakeholders, such as regulatory agencies, investors, ESG rating agencies, the general public, are showing increased concerns for the petrochemical industry's approach to climate change. Lack of concrete actions may lead to criticism from stakeholders and reputation risks for the Company. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE Sinopec Corp. initiated the Green Enterprise Campaign in 2018, setting the carbon reduction targets for 2023, including the cumulative reduction of carbon dioxide emissions of 12. 6 million tonnes, capturing 500, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year, storage of 300, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per year, and the recovering and utilisation of 200 million cubic metres of methane per year. As of the end of 2023, the Company had successfully achieved these targets, with 1. 749 million tonnes and 847, 000 tonnes of carbon dioxide captured and storaged respectively, as well as 874 million cubic metres of methane recovered for reuse. From 2018 to 2023, the Company has successfully achieved its emission targets and cumulatively reduced its carbon dioxide emissions by 23. 67 million tonnes. The second phase of the Green Enterprise Campaign will be officially launched in 2024, with specific actions, indicators, and targets scheduled to be publicised after the launch. METRICS AND TARGETS Emission Reduction Targets Total Emissions 2022 2023 Indicators 161. 79 137. 72 24. 07 20. 36 139. 82 1. 61 48. 76 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 41168. 64 142. 28 26. 36 20. 33 146. 70 1. 61 52. 50 250. 21 216. 55 14. 78 18. 88 Methane Recovery 874834 300600900 2023 2022GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Of which Direct GHGs emissions Indirect GHGs emissions Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) Methane emissions (million cubic metres) Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment Emission Reduction PerformanceThe Company actively carries out carbon audit, leveraging both internal audit and external verifications to ensure the accuracy of both the carbon emission data by subsidiaries and the carbon footprint data by products. Each subsidiary is required to prepare a greenhouse gas emissions report for the previous year in accordance with the GHG audit and reporting technical specifications formulated by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, and submit the report to provincial ecological environment authorities where they operate. In accordance with the Specification and Guidelines for the Reporting and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Emissions (ISO14064-3 2019), the Company reviewed the 2023 carbon emissions reports submitted by its subsidiaries, and carried out on-site verification of some of the subsidiaries. Some subsidiaries, in accordance with national and local government requirements, received third-party verification to verify and confirm carbon emissions data. The initial work had generated a general methodology for the calculation of carbon footprints of petrochemical products. In 2023, the Company initiated the design work of the IT module for product carbon footprint accounting, and selected six subsidiaries as pilots. As of the end of 2023, the Company had completed the research and auditing of the carbon footprints of 26 products from 40 subsidiaries. Sinopec Corp. places a strong emphasis on monitoring and controlling GHG emissions, and regularly assesses the carbon emissions of each subsidiary and establishes a scientific carbon asset management system. Carbon Emission Monitoring and Management Product Carbon FootprintCarbon Emission Reduction Policies and Systems Measures for the Administration of Carbon Emissions Trading (for Trial Implementation) Measures for the Management of Lawfully Disclosing Enterprise Environmental Information Management Measures for Voluntary Emission Reduction Trading of Greenhouse Gases (for Trial Implementation)Carbon-related laws and regulations Unit Million cubic metresCO 2 Capture 1, 5341, 749 5001, 0001, 500 2023 2022Unit Thousand tonnesYear-on-year Change 14 Year-on-year Change 4. 8 Note 1 Note 2 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6). GHGs emissions increased slightly in 2023 due to production growth and asset acquisitions. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 044 043 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 045 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 046 In accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Management of Energy Conservation in Key Energy- Consuming Units, the Measures for the Energy Conservation Examination of Fixed Asset Investment Projects, and the Measures for the Management of Industrial Energy Conservation, the Company has formulated a series of management systems such as the Energy Conservation Management Measures of Sinopec and the Energy Conservation Examination and Management Measures of Fixed Asset Investment Projects of Sinopec, strengthened energy management responsibilities, vigorously implemented the Energy Efficiency Improvement Plan, conducted energy efficiency benchmarking activities, and continuously improved energy conservation and consumption reduction levels. The comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production output of the Company (calculated with the comparable price in 2020) decreased by 2. 64. Energy Conservation 497 Number of Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects-2. 64 Year-on-year change Comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10, 000 of production output 860 Thousand tonnes of standard coal Energy saved by Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects 2183 200RMB million Thousand tonnes of standard coalThousand tonnes of standard coal Thousand tonnesInvestments in energy conservation operations Expected annual energy savingEnergy saved per year Carbon emission reduction110 Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. focused on optimising steam, air separation, nitrogen, oxygen, gas, hydrogen, and water systems of Zhenhai Petrochemical Base. The company also further reduced energy consumption to achieving shared material supplies across enterprises or device and the tiered utilisation of energy through system integration, resource sharing, and technological applications. Since 2021, the company has invested a total of RMB2. 94 billion, and completed and put into operation 20 energy-saving projects, saving 83 thousand tonnes of standard coal per year, which is the equivalent of 200 thousand tonnes of carbon reduction. In addition, the company managed to establish an energy management information system (SMES) focusing on becoming an energy efficient smart factory. With functions including energy operation, energy statistics, energy optimisation, energy monitoring, and evaluation and analysis, the system was able to achieve the goal of realising understandable, manageable, and reducible management of energy consumption. The company optimised energy management, carried out energy-saving technology transformation and process optimisation, and continuously invest in energy conservation transformation projects. In 2023, a total of over RMB110 million was invested in energy conservation operations, which were expected to realise an annual energy saving equivalent to 21 thousand tonnes of standard coal. As a frequent record breaker of the energy efficiency records of the crude oil processing industry, the company also has topped the list of Energy Efficiency Front-runner Enterprises in China's crude oil processing industry selected by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation for eleven consecutive years. In 2023, the unit energy factor consumption for refinery of the Company was further brought down to an unprecedented 6. 31 kgoe (t Eff). Conducted energy efficiency benchmarkingImproving energy measuring and monitoring capabilitiesCarried out special improvement actions in energy measurement instrument and operation management, energy data collection and utilisation, and energy measurement management. Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Hainan Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. ZTHC EnergyADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 047 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 048 Oilfield Subsidiaries Utilised wind and solar energy in facilities following the two goals of low-carbon energy for production and increase consumption of clean energy, and continued to enhance low- carbon development capabilities of the subsidiaries. Refining and Chemical SubsidiariesMarketing Subsidiaries132 Million kWh Solar photovoltaic power generated in 2023Solar photovoltaic power generation200 Year-on-year change 667 Thousand tonnes Carbon dioxide captured by Qilu Petrochemical 472 Thousand tonnes Carbon dioxide injected for oil displacement by Shengli Oilfield109 Kilometres Length of the carbon dioxide transportation pipelineThe Company actively promotes the utilisation of clean energy in production process, and continuously improved the energy efficiency with strictly manage the coal consumption for power generation. New Energy Utilisation 501001501, 749 20231, 534 2022CO 2 Capture Unit Thousand tonnesYear-on-year Change 14 The Company attaches great importance to the research and industrial application of CCUS technologies, and has intensified R&D investment, accelerated the construction of key project, and actively promoted the full-industrial chain application of CCUS technologies. To date, the Company has developed the full industrial chain, including technology development, engineering design, equipment manufacturing, and engineering construction, capabilities for CCUS, and has successfully built the first million-tonne CCUS demonstration project and the first hundred-kilometre long-distance carbon dioxide pipeline in China, demonstrating its capabilities regarding the construction of full industrial chain, large-scale, and vertically integrated CCUS projects. In 2023, the Company initiated the research on China's first ten-million-tonne open-mode CCS CCUS project in Eastern China in collaboration with a number of peer companies. In June 2023, the million-tonne CCUS demonstration project received CSLF certification at the Global Carbon Capture and Storage Leaders Forum in Warsaw, Poland, marking that Sinopec's CCUS technology has reached international standards, which gives the Company the endorsement to undertake CCUS projects globally. Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage (CCUS) On 11 July 2023, China's first high-pressure ambient temperature dense-phase carbon dioxide transportation pipeline project started operation. This 109-kilometre pipeline proudly demonstrate Sinopec's successful achievement in building this million-tonne demonstration base, which has filled China's gap in full industrial chain, large-scale CCUS technologies. The new pipeline could reduce carbon dioxide emissions by about 5 compared to the previous transportation method, which is a milestone achievement in promoting the develop of full industrial chain, large-scale CCUS technologies in China, as well as an inspiring example for similar projects in the future. In 2023, Qilu Petrochemical captured 667 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide, and Shengli Oilfield injected 472 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide for oil displacement with increasingly effective oil displacement effect. CASEThe Qilu Petrochemical- Shengli Oilfield Million- tonne CCUS Project Started OperatingADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 049 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 050 Million cubic metresSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the control and management of methane emissions, and specifies relevant requirements in a number of company policies, including the Sinopec Carbon Emission Management, the Sinopec Carbon Emission Evaluation Management Measures for Fixed Asset Investment Projects, and the 2030 Carbon Peaking Action Plan of Sinopec. Sinopec's methane emission reduction target By 2025, reduce methane emission intensity by 50 compared to 2020. The Company actively conducts methane leakage monitoring and data analysis, and vigorously implements methane emission reduction measures. The Company has achieved significant results in reducing methane emissions with a variety of measures, including improving the closed-loop mixed transportation process, vigorously implementing casing gas recovery, promoting the comprehensive utilisation of flare gas, improving recovery measures of remote and scattered wells, and the recovery of vented natural gas. In 2023, approximately 874 million cubic metres of methane gas was recovered, an increase of 4. 8 year-on-year, which was the equivalent to a GHG emission reduction of approximately 13 million tonnes of carbon dioxide. Sinopec Corp. actively participated in the national carbon emission trading market, formulated and implemented the Sinopec Carbon Trading Administration Measures, established a dedicated carbon trading team, and standardised the fulfilment of carbon quotas. The Company developed well-designed carbon trading plans, and made comprehensive arrangement based on carbon quota surpluses and shortages of its subsidiaries, and ensured that all its subsidiaries fulfilled their carbon quotas on schedule with centralised carbon trading management. During the carbon trading process, the Company actively used methods such as CCER offsetting to better fulfil carbon obligations and effectively reduce the cost of carbon compliance. In 2023, the Company actively participated in pilot projects and national carbon trading, and all of its subsidiaries fulfilled their required quota, with an annual carbon trading volume of 8. 185 million tonnes. Shengli Oilfield implements a methane emission management system that placing charges on emission. The system has a white list of methane emission control points, including wellheads, individual well storage tanks, and oil unloading points, as well as the relevant operational requirements. For emission control points not on the white list, such as oilfield extraction, storage, and treatment processes, a fee will be charged monthly and settled quarterly. This measure has provided an effective driver for ensuring stronger management and control of methane emissions. It strengthens the recycling and utilisation of resources in oil and gas extraction, transformation, storage, and other processes. All oil and gas subsidiaries are required to file a monthly management plan and progress monthly regarding control points not included in the white list. Shengli Oilfield then conducts on-site monitoring and verification based on the reported information. Control points meeting operational and emission requirements will be delisted from the whitelist, while those failed will face rectification. Control pints already on the white list are subject to random testing, and those fail to meet emission requirements will be treated as a non-white list control point, incurring a cost on due to the charges. In 2023, the oil and gas field subsidiaries treated a total of 545 emission points, reducing a total of 4. 3 million cubic metres of methane emissions, a year-on-year reduction of over 15. 874834 300600900 2023 2022 250 254 100200300 2023 2022217222 15 1119 20 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022 4. 3 Methane emissions reduced in 2023 Year-on-year reduction545 Number of emission points treated in 2023 15 Participating in Afforestation And Greening Activities, and Ecological Protection in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basins Organise Tree Planting Volunteer Activities428, 700 Square metres Area of river bank greened4, 780 Hectare Area of desert land reclaimed4 Million Number of drought- resistant plants planted 1, 905 Mu Area of afforestation17. 3 Kilometres Length of forest roads built7. 6 RMB million Amount of money raisedMethane Emission ControlStrengthening Carbon Assets Management The Company has formulated the Greening Management Regulations of Sinopec, and implemented a variety of green actions, making continuous efforts to promote enterprise greening management, so as to increase forest carbon sequestration and enhance ecosystem carbon sinks. In 2023, the green coverage rate of existing facilities reached 32. 93, and a total of 2. 019 million trees were planted by employee volunteers, an increase of 9. 9 year-on-year, which is equivalent to the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions by 242, 300 tonnes. As of the end of 2023, a total of 450, 200 person-time had participated in campaign activities and raised a total of RMB18. 257 million. Forest Carbon Sink CASEShengli Oilfield Intensifying Methane Emissions ControlMethane Recovery Methane Emissions Exploration and Production SegmentRefining and Chemicals SegmentMarketing and Distribution Segment Unit Million cubic metresUnit Million cubic metresYear-on-year Change 4. 8 Year-on-year Change -1. 6 Year-on-year Change -2. 3 Year-on-year Change 36. 4 Year-on-year Change -5. 0 Sinopec subsidiaries located in the Yangtze River basins have been carrying out activities such as Creating the Most Beautiful Yangtze River Bank and Protecting the Mother River for consecutive years, greening a total of 428, 700 square metres of river banks cumulatively. Restored 8, 715 hectares of vegetation in decommissioned oil field, with over 4 million drought- resistant plants planted. Sinopec Corp. and China Greening Foundation jointly launched the Sinopec Saihanba Ecological Demonstration Forest project. In 2023, the project was successfully completed, with a total of 1, 905 mu afforested, 264, 000 trees planted, 17. 3 kilometres of forest roads built, and 20. 1 kilometres of fences erected. On the Arbor Day of 2023, the Company initiated the Planting A Tree on the Snowy Plateau project online, providing support to the greening project of the North and South Mountains in Lhasa, Xizang Autonomous Region. As of the end of 2023, the project had helped raise more than RMB7. 6 million from 172, 000 donors, and supported the construction of 402 mu of public welfare forest land. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 051 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 052 The Green and Clean Energy StrategyHydrogen Energy Natural Gas 8. 83 Billion cubic metres Natural gas capacity increased281. 7 Billion cubic metres Natural gas geological reserves increased 37. 8 Billion cubic metres Domestic natural gas production in 20232022 2023 Year-on-year change Indicators 353 44378 467. 1 Increase of 2 percentage pointsDomestic natural gas production (100 million cubic metres) Proportion of natural gas in domestic oil and gas equivalent ( )The development of hydrogen energy is one of the essential paths to achieve the transformation of global energy structure to cleaner and low-carbon models. With its extensive industry experience and competitive advantages in the hydrogen energy sector, Sinopec Corp. is strategically positioned to capitalise on the major opportunities for the development of hydrogen energy. The Company is accelerating the development of hydrogen energy as a core business of its new energy portfolio, with a particular focus on the utilisation of clean transportation energy and green refining hydrogen energy, and strives to build China's No. 1 hydrogen energy company with leading technologies and first-class management. The Company focused on the development of hydrogen energy supply centre for full cell in accordance with needs of hydrogen refuelling stations in the 3 2 hydrogen fuel cell demonstration city cluster. As of the end of 2023, there were eleven hydrogen supply centres for fuel cells been built cumulatively, with a capacity of 29 thousand normal cubic metres hour. Annual production of high-purity hydrogen for vehicle use reached 2. 112 thousand tonnes, an increase of 25 year-on-year. of the hydrogen used by refineries is blue hydrogen or produced with non-fossil energy, and help Sinopec Corp. achieve its carbon neutrality target with high quality through green hydrogen refining. Sinopec's 2050 Hydrogen Energy Vision Progress and Achievements of Hydrogen Energy Business in 2023 Hydrogen Energy Supply Hydrogen Refuelling Station Development Hydrogen Energy Industry StandardsHydrogen Energy Mobility Green Hydrogen RefiningAdhering to the green and clean development strategy, Sinopec Corp. actively promotes energy transition and development, and is committed to constructing a clean and low-carbon modern energy supply system, and a safe and efficient system that integrating production, supply, storage, and marketing, so as to continuously provides society with clean, diverse, and safe energy supply. The Company has formulated a series of policy documents, such as the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Development Plan - New Energy Sub-report, the Sinopec's 14th Five-Year Hydrogen Energy Development Plan, the Sinopec's Oil and Gas Exploration and Development and New Energy Integration Development Implementation Plan (2023-2025), the Sinopec's Upstream Enterprises New Energy Business 14th Five-Year and Medium- to Long- Term Development Plan Outline, and the Sinopec Marketing Enterprises Photovoltaic Power Generation High-Quality Development Three-Year Action Plan, to ensure clear directions, specific goals for the Company's systematic and efficient development in renewable energy, promoting the orderly and efficient development of business in the field of new energy. As a fossil energy with low carbon emission intensity, natural gas plays a key role in the process of energy transition towards green and low-carbon development. The Company actively promotes the large-scale development of natural gas, making continuous efforts to expand exploration and production of natural gas, accelerate the construction of the natural gas production-supply-storage-sales system, aiming at further enhancing the natural gas supply capacity of the Company. Production in Shunbei II area and Chuanxihai fields underwent a period of scaling up. In 2023, the Company increased its natural gas capacity by a total of 8. 83 billion cubic metres, an increase of 1. 31 billion cubic metres year-on-year. And its annual natural gas production reached 37. 8 billion cubic metres, an increase of 2. 5 billion cubic meters year-on-year. PROMOTING ENERGY TRANSITION Relying on Sinopec's existing nationwide sales network of over 30, 000 gas stations, and following the principles of national layout, market demand, profitability, and strategic synergy, the Company has virtually completed the development of three hydrogen energy mobility corridors the Chengdu-Chongqing-Wanzhou corridor, the Beijing-Tianjin-Tangshan corridor, and the Shanghai-Jiaxing-Ningbo corridor. Developed three enterprise standards, such as the Technical Specifications for Hydrogen Pipeline Engineering, and participated in the formulation of nine group standards. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 128 Number of hydrogen refuelling stations in total3, 472 Tonnes Hydrogen to refuelling customers in 202329 Thousand normal cubic metres hour Cumulative hydrogen supply capacity2. 112 Thousand tonnes Production of high-purity hydrogen for vehicle use in 2023 053 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 054 Cooperate closely with industry leaders to accelerate the offering of charging services, adding fast charging, super charging and other equipment at facilities at existing refuelling stations, to help EV owners with more charging options. In 2023, the Company formulated the Three-Year Action Plan for High-quality Development of Sinopec Marketing Enterprise Charging Business. As of the end 2023, the Company had built a total of 6, 504 charging and swapping stations (including 163 battery swapping stations) and 51, 000 EV charging terminals, achieving full coverage in 370 major cities nationwide. The Company actively explores new energy vehicle related businesses relying on its own advantages, rolling out a variety of service facilities and businesses such as hydrogen refuelling stations, battery charging and swapping stations, distributed photovoltaics, and lightweight new energy vehicles. The Company is fully committed to promoting the development of the EV charging business, and has developed a rich and diverse range of charging application scenarios according to local conditions. Number of charging and swapping stations built in total3, 909 Number of charging and swapping stations built in 2023 In November 2023, Sinopec's first super EV charging and swapping station - Anhui Sinopec Hefei Volkswagen Station was officially launched. In the charging and swapping area, the station is equipped with 142 charging terminals with a total charging power of 8, 505 kilowatts, including 125 fast charging terminals, 2 liquid-cooled ultra-fast charging terminals, 15 slow charging terminals, and 1 swapping station. In the photovoltaic area, the photovoltaic roof can generate about 220, 000 kWh each year, with an annual carbon reduction impact of 219 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions equivalent. In the energy storage area, the station is equipped with 645 kWh energy storage device, which not only stabilise the green power generated by photovoltaics, but also can used to store off- peak and flat electricity. Lightweight Materials for Automobiles Special Materials for Power Battery Separators 30. 5 Thousand tonnes Production of the lithium battery separator material New Energy Vehicle-Related Businesses Accelerating the layout of charging and swapping business Accelerating the Construction of Battery Charging and Swapping Stations Exploring Charging Application ScenariosIn Jiangsu, accelerated the development of charging stations at the township level, conecting the last mile of logistics and distribution of agricultural products and the green mobility of urban and rural residents. The Company has explored the solutions for a variety of different types of charging scenarios, including public fast charging scenario, destination charging scenario, public transportation scenario, logistics scenario, county-level scenario, etc., and actively exploring scenarios for commercial vehicles, such as the short-distance scenarios for ports, docks, mines, steel plants, and power plants, and long-distance transportation scenario. CASESinopec's First Super EV Charging and Swapping Station Officially Started Operating Sinopec Corp. actively initiated industry-academia-research collaborations on innovative lightweight materials for automobile manufacturing. Efforts were also made to deepen the research on the application of high-performance polymer materials for automotive parts with attributes such as scratch resistance, low emissions, and long service life bearing with them a new direction of safety, health, and environmental protection throughout the entire service and life cycle of automotive materials. In addition, the Company also continued to participate in standard setting and revision, application promotion, industrial demonstration, and long-term planning, etc. The Company fully leverages its R&D advantages in the field of synthetic resins and rubber to develop a variety of lightweight products for new energy vehicles. Synthetic resin Continuously optimised the performance of foamed polypropylene material and promoted its application in auto parts, with an annual output of 36, 000 tonnes, an increase of 5, 000 tonnes year-on-year. The new materials can be used in auto parts to reduce weight as well as create more comfortable driving experience. Synthetic rubber Continued the development of industrial technologies regarding the automotive lightweight thermoplastic elastomer (TPV) products, and completed the trial production of three products with the key attribute compression set performance reaching international leading levels. And the original TPV product has already been trial used by downstream manufacturers. The Company actively conducts research and promotion of various polyolefin materials for power battery separators, and had already developed a lithium battery separator material with outstanding performance, which was produced 30. 5 thousand tonnes in 2023, an increase of 23 year-on-year. Research and Development of New Energy Vehicle MaterialsADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 056 055 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report Sinopec Corp. actively coordinates factors such as raw materials, market, technology, and profitability, and steadily promotes the integrated development of new energy and traditional refining business. The bio-based transformer oil passed third- party testing in compliance with the requirements of GB T 2536-2011 I-40 standards for transformer oil, and the biodiesel product met the requirements of EU's second-generation biodiesel standard EN15940 2019 A. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the development of green aviation logistics, and has independently developed sustainable bio-jet fuel product, and strove to promote the commercial-scale production of the product leveraging its industry impact as the owner of China's first bio-jet fuel industrial device. Several airlines have already conducted piloted commercial flights using the product, achieving a major breakthrough in the commercialisation of bio-jet fuel. The Company actively promotes the establishment of a bio-jet fuel industrial chain, and has engaged in a series of communication and discussions with potential customers of the product to explore possibilities in developing relevant airport refuelling facilities and setting up of flight routes accordingly. Bio-jet Fuel Development of Bio-based Oil Products The Asian Games Flight powered by Sinopec's bio-jet fuel made its maiden flight successfully Biomass EnergyIn 2020, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company completed the construction of China's first bio- jet fuel production facility with a production capacity of 100, 000 tonnes year. In May 2022, the facility started trial scaled production using kitchen waste grease. The trial production lasted for one month and successfully processed 1, 623. 08 tonnes of waste grease into 605. 56 tonnes of bio-jet fuel, reaching three milestones for the project from manufacturing base to commercial flights, from passenger planes to cargo planes, and from domestic routes to international routes. On 14 December 2023, the production device started its second trial production, which was scheduled to produce 2, 400 tonnes of bio-jet fuel in 40 days. Sinopec Corp. thus became the first Asian company to have its full range of bio- jet fuel products certified by the global RSB series. CASEBio-Jet Fuel Device Received Global RSB CertificationsADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environmental Protection Guidelines and Goals Environmental Management System Environmental Risk Management Environmental Impact Management Control of Atmospheric Pollutants Solid Waste Management Water Resources Management Prevention of Hydrocarbon Leaks Land Resource Management Biodiversity Conservation059 061 063 065 067 069 071 072 0730602023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 058 057 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 059 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 060 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION GUIDELINES AND GOALS Environmental Protection Goals of SinopecAn industry leader in pollution controlContinuous reduction of pollutant emissionsNo occurrence of major and above environmental incidentsPROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Sinopec Corp. carries out environmental management work under the guidance of the HSE management system. All subsidiaries also formulated their own version of the HSE management system manuals based on their own production and operation characteristics to better regulate their environmental protection efforts. In addition, an HSE management system audit team has also been established to conduct regular reviews of the system documents of subsidiaries. In 2023, all subsidiaries carried out internal audits of the HSE management system with identified problem rectified, and independently carried out third-party certification in accordance with the requirements of local and upstream and downstream partners. A total of 28 subsidiaries of the Company have obtained the certification of the ISO14000 environmental management system. In 2023, the Company organised a series of environmental protection training sessions, such as a training session for environmental manager focusing on national ecological civilisation construction policies and requirements, as well as themed trainings for environmental management personnel on key tasks such as environmental management of construction projects and pollution discharge permit management. The Company also systematically carries out the revision of environmental management policies and standards, continuously optimising the HSE management system. Two policies were revised in 2023, the Sinopec Environmental Monitoring Management Measures, and the Sinopec Radiation Management Measures. In 2018, Sinopec Corp. launched the Green Enterprise Campaign and the five-year plan for the first phase of the programme, which ended in 2023. The Company further optimised the green enterprise evaluation system and revised and issued the Green Enterprise Review Evaluation Guidelines (2023 Edition) focusing on the goal of increasing the value of green enterprises and the bottom line of ensuring full-process compliance. The Company conducted on-site services for key subsidiaries, and guided and urged all subsidiaries to intensify the green management at the grassroots level with online spot checks and other measures. A total of 113 subsidiaries were audited for green enterprise performance and required to rectify the gaps found and make continuously improvements. The second phase of the Green Enterprise Campaign will fully start in 2024, with specific implementation plans still in formulation. In 2023, four subsidiaries including Sinopec Lubricant Oil Beijing Company were awarded the title of Green Factory by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and five subsidiaries including North China Oil and Gas were awarded the title of Green Factory by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation. All oilfield, refining, marketing, and research subsidiaries have completed the construction of green enterprises, and the goals set around clean energy, green products, resource and energy utilisation, pollutant emissions, greenhouse gas emissions, etc. Measures proposed in the six aspects of green development, green energy, green production, green services, green technology, and green culture have been implemented out as planned. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM Achievements of the first phase of the Green Enterprise CampaignPROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Sinopec Corp. vigorously implements the strategy of green and clean development, integrating the requirements of ecological environment protection into various aspects of corporate production and operation. The Company strictly complies with relevant environmental protection laws and regulations, establishes and continuously improves the environmental protection policies and systems, actively carries out environmental impact and risk management, applies high standards of environmental pollution prevention and ecological environment protection, and continuously improves the quality of green development. The Company strictly complies with the national and local laws, regulations, and government requirements on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, etc., and continuously tracks their updates, which will be timely incorporated into corporate management systems and policies. The Company also conducts awareness raising, training, supervision, inspection and other means to promote the subsidiaries to fully implement the requirements accordingly. The Company has formulated and continuously improves environmental management policies, covering the entire process management of production and operation from design, construction, operation, decommission, the qualification management of suppliers, service providers, and contractors, as well as due diligence for joint ventures, cooperation, and mergers and acquisitions, striving to fully integrate the requirements of ecological environment protection into various aspects of production and operation of the Company. The Board of Directors is the highest authority and decision-making body for ESG related issues, bearing ultimate responsibility for all ESG related issues including environmental management. The Sinopec HSE (Health, Safety, and Environment) Committee is the decision-making body for the Company's ecological environment protection policies, with the Health, Safety, and Environment Management Department, under the HSE Committee, responsible for centralised supervision and management of the Company's ecological and environmental protection. System Guarantee1 Policy Guarantee2 Action Guarantee3 061 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 062 Environmental Risk Response Measures Comprehensive Full-Process Supervision of Water Pollution Risks Environmental Emergency Response CapabilitiesEnvironmental Risk Control and Hazard Governance Organised a company-wide ecological environment protection conference to specify annual key work tasks and target indicators for environmental risk prevention and control, and required all subsidiaries to sign energy and environmental responsibility agreements. Organised subsidiaries in various segments to carry out environmental risk quantification assessment, conduct professional training on environmental risk control, implement graded control of environmental risk sources, and promote the robust and in-depth implementation of environmental risk control. For identified environmental risk sources at all levels, the Company has established an evaluation mechanism that subsidiaries submit, business units review and approve, and headquarters confirm. For identified significant-level and above environmental risk sources and major environmental risk hazards, the Company establishes relevant annual environmental risk control targets, indicators, and work tasks, and implements a hierarchical control mechanism at company, subsidiary, and grassroots levels respectively, with the headquarters regularly supervising and inspecting subsidiaries regarding their environmental risks and emergency management. In 2023, the Company identified three main ecological and environmental protection risks substandard emissions, the occurrence of major and above sudden environmental incidents, and environmental violations in construction projects. The goals for each subsidiary in 2023 was the consistent compliance with wastewater and air emissions standards, including a 100 compliance rate for wastewater discharge, over 99. 5 compliance rate for air emissions, 100 compliance rate for environmental regulations in new construction projects, as well as no occurrence of major and above sudden environmental incidents. Construction can only start on the premise that the ecological environment impact assessment results are acceptable and the environmental impact assessment approval is obtained. The Company conducts environmental impact assessment for construction projects in accordance with relevant procedures and strictly implements the recommendations issued by the environmental impact assessment. Environmental Impact Management Processes and Mechanisms 24 Number of oil fields and refining and chemical subsidiaries completing special inspections on the ecological environment Environmental impact assessment is carried out simultaneously during the feasibility study stage. During the basic design stage, the requirements of the environmental impact assessment report and approval opinions are strictly implemented, and the project environmental impact assessment approval is regarded as a prerequisite for project basic design approval and commencement report. During the project implementation process, the Company timely conducts a review and analysis of significant environmental changes in construction projects. If the project is determined to have significant environmental changes after analysis, it is necessary to reapply for environmental impact assessment approval. Construction and Operation of Environmental Protection Facilities Environmental Technology Development and Environmental Investment Environmental Impact Assessment and Response Basic Design StageFeasibility Study Stage Project Implementation Process Project CompletionENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT MANAGEMENT Environmental impact management policies and systemsThe Company issued policies such as the Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures and the Sinopec Construction Project Environmental Protection Management Measures, requiring all subsidiaries to strengthen environmental and natural resource protection in the process of project construction and production operation, strictly implement national and local government environmental protection and natural resource protection laws, regulations, and standards, and take active measures to protect the environment and natural resource. The Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures explicitly prohibits the construction of projects included in the national negative list in ecological sensitive areas such as drinking water source protection areas, nature reserves, and marine special protection areas, and requires existing projects to be shut down as required. In 2023, a number of key projects of the Company, such as the Ethylene Quality Improvement Project of Maoming Branch Company and the supporting refining project for the Integrated 1-million-tonne year Ethylene Refining and Petrochemical Project in Yueyang area, obtained environmental impact assessment approvals. as required, conducts regular environmental hazard inspections according to the production facilities and their pollution discharge situations, promptly rectifies any problems found, and ensures reliable operation of pollution control facilities through daily operation and maintenance management, to ensure that pollutant emissions and disposal meet the requirements of the national and local governments. Sinopec Corp. vigorously promotes the development of environmental protection technology, and is committed to continuously improving the Company's environmental management and ecological environment protection capabilities through technological innovation and research on core technologies. The Company has developed a technology system that integrates source control, process interruption, and in-situ remediation for soil pollution prevention and control in the Yangtze River Economic Belt. The engineering demonstration covers nearly 50, 000 square metres, with a utilisation rate of 100. It was the first time to achieve large-scale production and control on-site in a petrochemical plant in operation, providing technical support for the sustainable development of petrochemical enterprises along the Yangtze River. In 2023, the Company's total environmental protection investment reached RMB22. 61 billion, including RMB3. 45 billion in environmental protection capital investment and RMB19. 16 billion in environmental protection expenditure, achieving cost savings of RMB3. 47 billion. Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to environmental impact management, and regularly organises ecological environment inspection expert teams to conduct special ecological environmental inspections on key subsidiaries. Key subsidiaries have established a safety and environmental protection inspection mechanism, setting up a full-time and part-time safety and environmental protection inspection team to conduct safety and environmental protection inspections on grassroots units throughout the year. In 2023, the ecological environment inspection expert team completed special inspections on the ecological environment of 24 oil fields and refining and chemical subsidiaries. The identified ecological environment protection issues were reported through the Company's information system for attention and rectification. An analysis report on the monitoring results of these HSE management system element indicators is prepared monthly, and abnormal indicators will be traced, analysed, and rectified. In 2023, the overall trend of 12 environmental protection monitoring indicators is positive, demonstrating that the ecological environment protection of the Company is steadily making progress. In 2023, the Company prioritises environmental protection in audit supervision, organising its subsidiaries to conduct special audits on environmental investment management, focusing on the compliance, necessity, adequacy, and effectiveness of environmental investment, aiming to further enhance the effectiveness of environmental risk management. The Company has issued the energy and environmental responsibility commitment to all subsidiaries, which outlines emission reduction goals and control tasks and includes them in the annual evaluation process. The main air pollutants generated in the production and operation process of the Company include sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), etc. The emission quantity, concentration, and destination are all specified in the pollution discharge permit execution reports and environmental information disclosure of each subsidiary. In addition, the Company has conducted research on the operation of gas vapour recovery systems at refuelling stations, conducted systematic analysis from process flow, equipment selection, daily maintenance, etc., proposed key technical indicators for refuelling equipment procurement, formulated operation and maintenance management measures for gas vapour recovery, and guided subsidiaries to strengthen the management of refuelling equipment procurement and gas vapour recovery operation and maintenance. Initial results of the trial launch of information platform Hazardous waste identification accuracy Unknown solid waste identification rate Safety risk assessment rate of environmental facilities related to hazardous waste Full life cycle environmental supervision and compliance rate for hazardous waste Compliance rate of environmental facilities related to hazardous wasteKey Performance 2023 Indicators 1, 796. 4 0. 56 13, 967. 3 1, 912. 2 1, 796. 4 464. 8 0. 14 1, 009 675. 0 464. 8Hazardous Waste General Industrial Solid Waste Construction Waste Domestic WasteDisposal Method Waste Classification NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE Solid waste (thousand tonnes) Solid waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Solid waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Solid waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes) HAZARDOUS WASTE Hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Hazardous waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes)SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENTSinopec Corp. strictly implements national and local laws and regulations related to solid waste pollution prevention and control, the National List of Hazardous Waste, the Pollution Control Standards for Hazardous Waste Storage, and other relevant standards and requirements for solid waste management and control. The Company has successively formulated the Sinopec Hazardous Waste Environmental Management Guidelines (Trial), the General Industrial Solid Waste and Garbage Environmental Protection Management Guidelines (Trial), and the Sinopec Hazardous Waste List (2021 Edition), specifying the requirements for solid waste pollution prevention and control management, and incorporating strictly prohibit the illegal disposal of hazardous waste into the Company's five major ecological and environmental protection prohibitions. The Company has formulated the General Industrial Solid Waste Classification Reference List for Inspection, Maintenance, and Major Modification of Refining and Chemical Enterprises and the Construction Waste Classification Reference List for Inspection, Maintenance, and Major Modification of Refining and Chemical Enterprises, further optimising the identification and classification storage management level of solid waste such as hazardous waste at the source. The Company has also formulated the Sinopec Special Action Plan for Resource Conservation and Efficient Utilisation, actively promoting total resource management, scientific allocation, comprehensive conservation, and recycling, so as to accelerate the fundamental transformation of resource utilisation methods, and continuously improve the conservation and efficient utilisation of resource. In 2023, the Company further optimised and refined the Evaluation Indicators for Zero-Waste Enterprises in accordance with the actual situation. The subsidiaries strengthened the reduction of various solid wastes by implementing clean production audits, green procurement, green packaging systems, enhancing process green transformation, and implementing measures such as sludge drying technology. Shengli Oilfield optimised the internal market-oriented operation mechanism, promoted secondary units to control waste and reduce costs, and reported a reduction of over 20, 000 tonnes of oil sludge within the year, saving approximately RMB50 million in transportation and disposal expenses. The Company actively promotes the utilisation of bulk industrial solid waste, focusing on solid waste with low utilisation rates such as gasification slag, waste insulation cotton, and miscellaneous salts. The Company also sets clear goals and key tasks and continuously conducts research on ways to make hazardous waste harmless, and intensifies the research on the recycling of precious metals in waste catalysts and non-ferrous metals. The Company has developed an information platform, which has been launched and tested in 12 subsidiaries, to achieve full process online management and risk warning of hazardous waste. The revenue generated per unit of hazardous waste decreased by 6. 5 year-on-year, achieving the emission reduction target. CASENew Progress in FFS Heavy Film Packaging Bag Thinning Note 2PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT 069 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 070 Efficient Use of Water Resources Water Efficiency Front-runners of Sinopec Subsidiaries 6. 3 Million cubic metres Amount of water saving in 2023Wastewater Treatment COD 2, 0004, 0006, 000 4, 550 20234, 755 2022 Ammonia and Nitrogen 255075 71 202375 2022 Unit Tonnes Unit TonnesYear-on-year Change -4 Year-on-year Change -5 CASEZhenhai Refining & Chemical Saved Water with Multiple Measures CASEJiujiang Petrochemical Water Treatment Plant Achieved Zero Discharge WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT Sinopec Corp. has formulated policies such as the Sinopec Water Conservation Management Measures, the Sinopec's Guidance on Water Conservation Work in the 14th Five-Year Plan, and the Sinopec's Detailed Rules for Energy and Environmental Source Control of Construction Projects (Refining and Chemicals Segment) in accordance with the requirements of relevant national laws and regulations such as the Water Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Groundwater Management, the Regulations on Water Withdrawal Permits and Water Resource Fee Collection, the Management Measures for Water Resource Demonstration of Construction Projects, and the Management Measures for Water Withdrawal Permits, aiming to continuously conserve water resource and use water resource more efficiently with the goal of reducing industrial water intake by no less than 1 annually. In 2023, the Company's industrial water intake was 622. 8 million cubic metres, a decrease of 1 year-on-year, saving 6. 3 million cubic metres of water. A total of 38 water-saving technical improvement projects were proposed and implemented, and 27 rationalisation proposals were put forward. Jiujiang Petrochemical has successfully achieved zero discharge in its water treatment plant by applying the new water-saving technology of sludge removal and backwash water recycling. Sinopec Corp. has formulated and issued a series of management policies and action plans, such as the Sinopec Pollution Prevention and Control Management Regulations, the 2023 Green Low-carbon Gaps and Weakness Improvement Special Action Plan, the River Water Pollution Risk Prevention Action Plan and other management regulations and action plans in accordance with the requirements of national laws and regulations such as the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law, the Yangtze River Protection Law, the Yellow River Protection Law, the Action Plan for Deepening the Yangtze River Protection and Restoration Campaign, as well as industry-related water pollution discharge standards, aiming at comprehensively strengthening water pollution prevention and control of the Company and vigorously promoting the implementation of discharge reduction projects. All subsidiaries have signed the Energy and Environment Responsibility Agreements, specifying their water pollution reduction targets and management tasks, and incorporating the implementation into their annual assessment. The pollutants in the wastewater discharged during the production and operation of the Company mainly include chemical oxygen demand, ammonia nitrogen, total nitrogen, total phosphorus, etc. The information on the amount, concentration, and destination of the discharge is specified in the pollution discharge permit execution report and environmental information disclosure of each subsidiary. In the process of implementing the Green Enterprise Campaign, Sinopec Corp. comprehensively promotes clean production, strengthens the management of water pollution prevention and control facilities, and ensures stable and compliant discharge of wastewater. The Company fully implements the requirements of the Guidelines for the Management of Rain and Sewage Systems in Refining and Chemical Enterprises, improves the rain and sewage diversion system of its subsidiaries, strengthens on-site management and monitoring of polluted rainwater. The Company also carries out the transformation of high- salt water treatment facilities and miscellaneous salt separation in coal chemical enterprises, accelerating the treatment of historically stored high-salt water to meet standards, point-to- point miscellaneous salt treatment, and comprehensive utilisation of gasification waste. Vigorously implemented rain and sewage diversion transformation, promoted the visualisation of sewage pipework, constructed information modules for sewage and rainwater pipework, and increased the reuse of sewage, effectively reducing the amount of sewage generated. Qingdao Refining & Chemical Co., Ltd. Qingdao Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Shijiazhuang Refining & Chemical Co, Ltd. Zhenhai Refining & Chemical Company Maoming Petrochemical Company Sino-Korea (Wuhan) Petrochemical Co., Ltd. Yanshan Petrochemical Company ZTHC Energy Sinopec Great Wall Energy & Chemical (Ningxia) Co., Ltd. Petroleum Refining Enterprises Ethylene Production Enterprises Coal-to-olefin Enterprises Coal-to-methanol EnterprisesWater Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner Water Efficiency Front-runner PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT 071 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 072 Key measures to prevent hydrocarbon leaks in 2023 Implemented the Volatile Organic Compounds Leak Detection Specification, comprehensively carried out VOC pollution prevention and control enhancement work, and vigorously promoted emission reduction projects. In accordance with the overall target of reducing atmospheric pollutants, the Company has signed energy and environmental responsibility agreements with key subsidiaries, specifying the reduction targets for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and the key tasks for governance. In 2023, the Company's subsidiaries have significantly reduced the leakage of hydrocarbons with a series of control measures. Sinopec Corp. complies with national laws and regulations and industry protocols related to land management, such as the Land Administration Law of the People's Republic of China, the Urban Real Estate Administration Law of the People's Republic of China, the Black Soil Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Soil Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Implementation of Land Reclamation Regulations, and the Land Use Control Indicators for Oil and Gas Engineering Projects, etc., integrating the concept of green and efficient throughout the entire process of land management. In 2023, the Company revised the Sinopec Land Management Measures for the fifth time, and formulated the Sinopec Land Management Operation Guidance Opinions, continuously deepening full-process land management and promoting efficient allocation of land resources. With the core concept of strictly controlling increment, reusing existing resources, reasonably reducing quantity, and improving quality, the Company has established a 1 N land management mechanism. At the Company level, Sinopec Corp. implements closed-loop management of the full life cycle of land, including ten key processes, such as land planning, acquisition of construction land, land saving and intensive use, land ownership and value management, land operation, land disposal, land evaluation, etc. At the subsidiary level, detailed implementation rules for land management are formulated in accordance with the specific requirement of the business sectors, allowing the subsidiaries to implement more standardised and refined management regarding land standards, land use behaviours, etc. The Company timely follows up on policy trends related to land use and planning from state and local governments, and adjusts the direction of land management policies accordingly, to prevent illegitimate land use behaviours. The Company regularly communicates with government land management authorities to report problems encountered in the land management process, ensuring the legality and compliance of the Company's land use behaviours. The Company has also developed a land management information system to strengthen online control of the entire land management process. In addition, the Company also focuses on daily supervision measures such as quarterly inspections and annual inspections, as well as deploying special work, to strengthen risk prevention and control for major land use processes such as temporary land procedures for subsidiaries, new land saving and intensive use, and registration of existing land property rights. The facility is divided into 16 monitoring grids. A total of 41 VOCs monitoring points and a micro air monitoring station enable early warning based on monitoring results and pollution source tracing, contributing to the reduction of odours in production area. Over ten IPAS reactors were installed on the sewage tanks, effectively solving the VOCs emission problem. For new projects, priority should be given to avoiding ecological sensitive areas. If it is really unavoidable, a special demonstration should be carried out according to the requirements of the competent authority of the ecological sensitive area, and permission for crossing should be obtained. If the permission for crossing is not obtained as required, the project shall not be allowed to start construction. During the construction and operation of the project, efforts should be made to minimise ecological damage. Losses caused by ecological damage should be restored as required... If the entity does not have the ability to restore the ecology, it can entrust a third party to carry out the restoration. No enterprise or individual may occupy greening space without authorisation, damage or transplant greening trees, or destroy greening facilities. When trees tilt due to force majeure and endanger the safety of production facilities, they can be straightened or cut down first, and the relevant procedures should be completed in a timely manner, while reporting to the Company's greening management department and the local greening administrative authority. Number of ecological monitoring points 33. 6 Thousand sets Number of ecological monitoring data BIODIVERSITY CONSERVATIONSinopec Corp. strictly complies with various laws, regulations, and requirements related to biodiversity conservation at the national and local levels, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Wetland Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on Nature Reserves of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for the Administration of Marine Special Protection Areas, the Regulations on the Prevention and Control of Pollution in Drinking Water Source Protection Areas, the Interim Measures for the Administration of Aquatic Germplasm Resources Protection Areas, the Measures for the Administration of National Key Parks, the Measures for the Administration of National Wetland Parks, the Regulations on Scenic Spots, etc. Biodiversity conservation has been integrated into the Company's policy system, such as the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Regulations, the Sinopec Environmental Protection Management Measures for Construction Projects, and the Sinopec Ecological Protection Management Measures, clearly stipulating requirements for ecological protection such as no deforestation and avoidance of ecologically protected red line areas. All subsidiaries are required to strictly implement biodiversity conservation measures during project design, construction, and operation stages, in order to reduce disturbance to the ecological environment caused by production and operation. The ecological tracking monitoring results show no impact from the Company's production and operation. The Company actively participates in the governance of the Yangtze River shoreline, and fully supports the ecological environment protection and restoration in the Yangtze River region. The Company fully implements the national industrial development plan for the Yangtze River Economic Belt, organises inspections of oil and gas facilities within natural reserves and drinking water sources, resolutely implements the requirements of shutdown and transformation, and comprehensively completes ecological restoration. In 2023, some subsidiaries actively cooperated with the government in the rectification of drinking water sources, implementing related activities such as shutting down oil terminals, sealing wells, and dismantling stations and yards. The overseas subsidiaries of the Company also attach great importance to biodiversity conservation and actively carry out biodiversity conservation plans. In 2023, UDM in Russia released a total of 252, 000 fish fingerlings including carp, crucian carp, and loach into the waters of the Kama River and Cheptsa River. Sinopec Corp. actively promotes the protection of the precious wetland resources in the Yellow River Delta. Adhering to the principle of developing in protection and protecting in development, the Company has improved management standards in terms of ecological protection, risk prevention and control, pollution prevention, and ecological monitoring, and invested RMB250 million in the implementation of wetland enhancement projects in nature reserves following the requirements of long life, maintenance-free, and zero emissions. Shengli Oilfield invested RMB4. 95 million in the Yellow River Wetland Park for breeding and release, and implemented measures such as artificial nest and installation of insulated sheaths to promote the deep integration of facility appearance with the natural environment, continuously improving the living environment for fishery resources and bird reproduction. After years of efforts, the number of bird species in the natural reserve has significantly increased, from 283 species in 2000 to 373 species in 2023. Major economic biological resources such as mandarin fish, loach, and Chinese prawns, are also keeping recovering, and the ecosystem is becoming increasingly complete. In addition, in order to cooperate with the application for listing the Yellow River Delta as a World Heritage for bird habitat and wetlands, Shengli Oilfield has set up 18 monitoring points to conduct ecological monitoring of vegetation, birds, aquatic organisms, etc., promoting the establishment of the Yellow River Mouth National Park. The company actively cooperated with the Ministry of Ecology and Environment to carry out the Waste Clearing Action in the Yellow River Basin, clearing more than ten thousand tonnes of historical landfill solid waste by 2023. The Company requires its subsidiaries to comply with national and local laws, regulations, policies, standards, and normative requirements. The site selection, layout, and scale of construction projects must comply with the Three Lines and One List (ecological protection red line, environmental quality bottom line, resource utilisation top line, and ecological environment access list) compulsory constraints and the overall requirements of relevant planning and environmental impact assessments. In the process of extending or changing mining rights in important wetlands, nature reserves, forest parks and other environmentally sensitive areas within the mining rights area, avoidance measures shall be taken to implement the avoidance of various sensitive areas during the mining rights change process. Risk Management Measures for Biodiversity and Ecological Protection In Project Construction Project ExitProject ConstructionBefore the project construction, environmental impact assessments should be carried out in accordance with regulations, evaluating the impact of the construction project on biodiversity. Construction can only start with the premise of an acceptable assessment and obtaining environmental approval. Biodiversity impact assessments focus on elements that require key protection in national ecological red line areas and ecologically sensitive areas, including endangered species, wildlife, and wild plants. Any land near farmland and meeting the reclamation conditions will be returned to the local government after reclamation. CASEParticipation in the Protection of the Yellow River Delta Wetlands Artificial nest placed in nature reserves PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE Safety Management System and Objectives Identification and Mitigation of Safety Risks Production Safety Contractor Safety Cybersecurity and Information Security Security Occupational Health077 079 080 080 081 082 0832023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 076 075 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 077 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 078 Optimising Systems and Policies1 System Audit and Certification2 Safety Performance Assessment Mechanism3Coordinate the organisation and operation management of the HSE management system, and set clear responsibilities and department in charge regarding key system components. Sub-committees take lead of the HSE management in their respective fields of expertise, providing expertise guidance for the operation of the HSE management system. As the responsible party of the HSE management system, subsidiaries are responsible for carrying out the allocated HSE tasks, and establishing a robust mechanism for monitoring, reporting, analysing, and continuously improving HSE performance to ensure the effective operation of the system. Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to safety management, and continuously strives to realise systematic, standardised, and scientific HSE management. The Company strengthened the top-level design of HSE management, and has established an HSE management system that conforms to international practices with Sinopec Corp. characteristics in accordance with state standards and requirements, such as the Environmental Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 24001), the Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems Requirements with Guidance for Use (GB T 45001), and the Guideline of China Occupational Safety and Health Management System (GB T 33000), covering six aspects including management commitment and responsibility, planning, support, operational process control, performance evaluation, and improvement. The HSE management system and related policies cover all workers of Sinopec Corp., including its employees, suppliers, as well as contractors. The HSE Committee is responsible for researching, planning, guiding, and coordinating HSE-related issues, analysing HSE performance, and studying and making decisions on major HSE-related issues of the Company. The Committee has a Safety Director in charge, and also has a dedicated safety management personnel with relevant expertise in charge of safety inspections. The Company regularly convenes HSE Committee meetings, annual meetings on HSE, as well as video conferences on HSE and production operations, to brief and discuss key HSE issues and make relevant work plans accordingly. Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its HSE management system, and has formulated relevant HSE management manuals, HSE management policies, specific management policies and standards for business units, and operation procedures, etc. In 2023, the Company conducted a safety management system compliance assessment in order to further optimise the system. A number of other management policies were also revised, including the Sinopec Oil and Gas Pipeline Safety Management Regulations, the Sinopec Safety Training and Safety Capability Enhancement Management Regulations (Trial), the Management Regulations on the Dual Prevention Mechanism of Hierarchical Management and Control of Production Safety Risks Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Sinopec, the Sinopec Safety Instrument System Safety Integrity Level Evaluation Management Measures (Trial), the Sinopec Contractor Safety Supervision Management Measures, the Sinopec Hazardous Chemical Transportation Safety Management Regulations (Trial), and the Sinopec Public Utility Pipe Gallery Operation Safety Management Regulations, etc. With reference to relevant laws and regulations, such as the Safety Production Law of the People's Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Emergency Response Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Special Equipment Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company summarised 942 applicable clauses according to business categories and formulated the Sinopec Production Safety Compliance Risk List, using it as the foundation of a defence line against safety compliance risks. The Company supervises and reviews the strategy, objectives, and implementation of health and safety related issues with system audit and management review to ensure the timely identification and rectification of possible problems. The HSE Committee conducts an annual review of the adequacy, sufficiency, and effectiveness of the system, researches and formulates relevant improvement measures and targets, and prepares a summary report based on the review results. The Company actively encourages its subsidiaries to apply for HSE management system certification or third-party safety management evaluations. As of the end of 2023, there were 47 subsidiaries of the Company completing ISO45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System certification. For example, Zhenhai Refining & Chemical, Yanshan Petrochemical, and Guangzhou Petrochemical conducted safety management assessments in accordance with the DNV international safety and sustainability valuation system, while Fujian Refining &Petrochemical contracted external OIMS audits. The Company has developed an information platform for evaluating safety management process performance of subsidiaries based on over 30 dynamic indicators, with assessment results publicised monthly. In addition, to strengthen its safety management accountability, the Company has also formulated and implemented detailed rules for the assessment of management staff targets and annual business performance, with specific articles linking the deduction of assessment points to poor safety performance. HSE Management Structure of Sinopec Corp. ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE Sinopec Corp. continuously optimises the mechanism for identifying safety risks, utilising the risk assessment and management platform to achieve systematic, standardised, normalised, and information-based identification of risks, so as to eliminate safety risks by formulating a dual preventive mechanism of tiered safety risk control and safety hazard screening and rectification. The Management Regulations on the Dual Prevention Mechanism of Hierarchical Management and Control of Production Safety Risks Investigation and Treatment of Hidden Dangers of Sinopec specifies the daily procedures for identifying and assessing safety risks, requiring its subsidiaries to conduct a comprehensive risk identification at least once a year and take immediate action on various abnormalities monitored. Its subsidiaries regularly carried out joint emergency drills with local government agencies to effectively enhancing their emergency response capabilities regarding major accidents. PRODUCTION SAFETY The Company attaches great importance to enhancing the safety awareness and management of contractors, and has formulated policies such as the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Contractors and the Measures for Safety Supervision and Management of Key Materials Supply to specify the detailed safety supervision and management requirements for various operation procedures, such as contractor safety qualification review, bidding, contract signing, subcontracting, commencement, on-site construction, and special operations. The Company implements robust supplier qualification review and continuously strengthens the prevention and control of supplier safety risks. In 2023, the Company conducted on-site inspections of 1, 486 suppliers and a number of special inspections for suppliers of hazardous chemicals, and suspended 3, 759 suppliers who failed to provide valid qualifications. The Company also vigorously carries out contractor safety inspection. The inspection team conducted 133 special safety inspections of 93 enterprises throughout the year, follow-up inspections of 36 enterprises, with 3, 196 issues identified in total. All subsidiaries were required to carry out self-inspections regarding these identified issues. The Company also encouraged contractors to establish a two-way safety assessment mechanism and selected a number of contractors for pilot programmes. Contractors of key construction projects were also required to have their QHSE system compliance performance and attendance and performance of key personnel inspected. Contractor safety quantitative assessment rules were also optimised during the year. In 2023, the number of contractor accidents decreased by about 50 compared to 2022, making the lowest records on both the accident and work-related death for contractors in history.-50 Year-on-year change Number of contractor accidents in 2023In 2023, the Company organised a demonstration training on safety management for grassroots unit leaders, safety officers, and team leaders, and continued to carry out certified training for key HSE personnel. Meanwhile, the best practice of Ace Operation skills competition initiated at Zhenhai Refining & Chemical was actively promoted across the Company, with a number of competitions organised for grassroots safety personnel in oilfield, sales, and refining subsidiaries. Focused on the daily operations of grassroots safety personnel, these competitions used random sampling in competitor selection, changing the traditional best in class competition to everyone included competition. The new format effectively tested the operation capabilities and skills of grassroots safety personnel and encouraged them to further enhance their safety management skills. The Company also initiated relevant mechanisms such as weekly inspections, monthly supervision, and quarterly summaries. Each month, a joint HSE Committee Office - the Year of Safety Management Working Group Office meeting was convened to coordinate the resolution of tough challenges and ensure the effective implementation of various safety management improvement measures. In 2023, the Company organised systematic safety training at all levels with greater resources and formats, completing a total of 21 safety training programmes covering key HSE personnel at all levels. CASESafety Management Capacity Building at the Grassroots Level2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 080 079 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE 21 812 Number of risk items identifiedNumber of safety training programmes 1, 486 Number of suppliers receiving on-site inspections 081 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report The Company has established a Cybersecurity and Information Committee, with Chairman of the Board serving as the chairperson, to oversee the Company's medium and long-term planning, annual plan, and key tasks regarding cybersecurity and ensure the implementation of cybersecurity tasks and responsibilities of each subsidiary with guidance, coordination, and inspections. The Company's cybersecurity technical support unit, PCITC Limited, has passed the ISO27001 certification. Cybersecurity and Information Security Management Framework Building a Comprehensive Cybersecurity Defence System Establishing a Cybersecurity Information MechanismFocusing on Graded Protection of Cybersecurity Security Performance Evaluation Facing the complex and ever-changing global security challenges, Sinopec Corp. continues to optimise its management system and operational procedures for overseas security management and risk prevention and control efforts, maintaining a zero-death overseas security performance for 16 consecutive years. The Company strictly complies with the security-related laws, regulations, policies, and standards of the countries where it operates, and has established a sound security management system and operational procedures, and developed relevant emergency plans regarding potential security emergencies. In 2023, the Company further strengthened its security management with activities such as security emergency drills and security measure upgrades, engaged in regional security coordination, consultation, and assistance programmes, and had achieved cross-border and cross-enterprise information sharing and mutual assistance regarding security matters. The Company attaches great importance to protecting the security of overseas employees, continuously enhancing its capabilities to prevent, control, and deal with security risks. Employees are required to participate in security training and briefings of overseas security updates to help them improve their security awareness. The Company also increased the investment in security management and security personnel to better ensure the security of employees. In addition, the Company also attaches importance to the physical and mental health of overseas employees, and regularly carries out Chinese medical teams to offer overseas employees with on-site medical services. In 2023, the Company organised a series of cybersecurity-related trainings, such as the evaluation standards training for cybersecurity and informatisation, and urged its subsidiaries to strengthen cybersecurity with experience sharing and briefing of cybersecurity incidents. Sinopec Corp.'s cybersecurity team participated the WangDing Cup cybersecurity technology competition, which is known for Cybersecurity Olympics, and won the second prize in team competition. The Company co-hosted 7th Cybersecurity Awareness Week event with the local government of Fangshan District, Beijing. Through these activities, the Company propagated the concept of network security, popularised cybersecurity knowledge, and promoted cybersecurity skills. SECURITYCybersecurity Training and Awareness Raising Sinopec Corp. applies a systematic way to manage its overseas risks. In 2023, the Company further strengthened the closed-loop, full-cycle risk prevention and management regarding overseas projects, firmly implementing the Five in One measures including source control, risk investigation, monitoring and early warning, consultation and evaluation, supervision and guidance. The Company formulated and issued the Sinopec Overseas Project Full-cycle Risk Management Measures (Trial), and conducted annual risk investigations for overseas projects. During the year, the Company also issued two issues of the Sinopec Overseas Security Risk Assessment Reports, compiled the Country Risk Information Compilation (2018-2022), and released five Country Risk Information Alerts briefings, and 31 analysis reports regarding risk situations and trends. Comprehensive Prevention and Mitigation of Overseas Risks Source Control1 3 4 5 2CYBERSECURITY AND INFORMATION SECURITYSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to cybersecurity, strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, and has taken a series of security measures from both management and technical perspectives to continuously improve cybersecurity capabilities and the relevant technological capabilities. In 2023, the Company revised and issued the Sinopec Cybersecurity Management Measures and revised a number of relevant technical documents. In accordance with the Sinopec Regulations on the Evaluation and Assessment of Cybersecurity and Informatisation, the Company has included cybersecurity protection capabilities and security incidents into annual assessment of subsidiaries to ensure better implementation of the cybersecurity management measures. The assessment results are directly linked to the performance evaluation results of the management of the subsidiaries. SSRC regularly issues security warnings and cybersecurity rectification requirements in a timely manner in accordance with regulatory requirements as well as the monitoring results on Sinopec Corp.'s subsidiaries, and closely follow-up on the rectification process to ensure the timely elimination of risks. Employees are required to report suspicious information security and cybersecurity activities to SSRC for investigating, analysis, and handling. In 2023, the Company issued a total of 34 warnings against threats such as phishing emails and high-risk vulnerabilities, as well as briefings on hacker attack patterns, and a total of 198 vulnerability rectification requirements, all of which have been implemented as required. Cybersecurity incidents are managed by their assigned classes and by relevant departments in accordance with the Sinopec Cybersecurity Incident Emergency Plan, following the procedure of warning response, emergency handling, investigation and assessment, prevention, and support. Each year, the Company organises a cybersecurity attack and defence drill to eliminate cybersecurity risks. Risk InvestigationMonitoring and Early WarningConsultation and EvaluationSupervision and GuidanceESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE ESTABLISHING A ROBUST SAFETY DEFENCE LINE 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 082 90 10, 000 person-times Participants of 7th Cybersecurity Awareness Week event 083 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 084 Organised occupational health check-ups for employees, and researched on the 735 cases identified. The HSE Committee is the top decision-making body for occupational health management in Sinopec Corp. The relevant departments at the Company headquarters formulate and ensure the implementation of various occupational health management policies, and report on the employee health conditions at monthly, quarterly, and annual HSE work meetings. Each subsidiary implements specific measures for occupational health management and reports on the employee health conditions to the General Meeting of Employee Representatives annually. The Company has formulated several performance evaluation indicators for occupational health management, including timely reporting of non-production incidents and closed- loop management issues, compliance status of occupational disease prevention facilities, and rectification plans and completion status of occupational disease hazard irregularities, and added the decrease in new cases of occupational diseases as an annul new occupational health management goal in 2023. During the year, the Company implemented its HSE management system in accordance with the Employee Health Management Regulations, conducted a thorough research on occupational health hazards in workplace and their impacts on employees with a survey of 116 companies regarding 7 categories of occupational health conditions, and carried out regular occupational disease hazard inspections of 39 thousand workplaces and 233 thousand inspection points. The rectification efforts of workplaces with excessive noise continued during the year with one-site verification and technical support provided for certain subsidiaries, reaching a 65 completion rate as of the end of year. A total of 300 exceptional health enterprises and 33 exceptional Occupational Health Experts were recognised nationwide, among which, Sinopec Corp. has 20 subsidiaries and two employees selected. Sinopec Corp. was also granted the Typical Case of Health Enterprise Construction award at the annual national Patriotic Health Campaign main event. Key measures for employee occupational health management in 2023 Strengthened the standard compliance review regarding the occupational disease prevention content in the feasibility study report of construction projects, and promoted the implementation of the industry standard Design Specification for Occupational Safety and Health in Petrochemical Enterprises (SH T 3047) to systematically improve the system design regarding occupational disease hazard prevention and control. Deployed more than 4, 000 automated external defibrillators (AEDs) in workplaces with high personnel density, which had been used in four incidents of medical emergencies. The Company adopts a diversified recruitment policy and offers smooth career development channels to allow employees from different backgrounds and cultures to have equal opportunities to grow. The Company complies with national laws and regulations and international conventions such as the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labour Regulations and the Convention on the Rights of the Child, prohibits the employment of child labour, and resists all forms of forced and compulsory labour, and there was none occurrence of such incidents happened in 2023. The Company regulates its overseas employment behaviours through the formulation of relevant systems and polices, and actively safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of overseas employees. The Company also attaches importance to the professional growth and development of overseas employees, strengthens employee care, strives to foster harmonious and stable labour relations and promotes the balanced development of economic and social benefits. By conducting a comprehensive review of business operations, assessing the supply chain, employee feedback and participation, stakeholder engagement, etc., to fully understand potential risk factors that may impact human rights, such as forced labour issue in the supply chain, and environmental issues, etc. Risk Identification Risk AssessmentManaging Human Rights Risks Sinopec's Commitment and Goals on Human Rights Protection Always regard employee safety and health as top priority, and strive to create a safe and healthy working environment for employees. The Company strictly implements relevant domestic laws such as the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China, the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests, the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Persons with Disabilities, and other relevant laws, regulations, and systems of other countries where it operates, as well as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, and the National Human Rights Action Plan (2021-2025). The Company fully respects and safeguards the rights of employees to participate and supervise corporate matters, strictly forbids any behaviour that ignores or tramples on human rights, treats all employees fairly and equally regardless of their gender, geographic origin, race, and religious beliefs, and is committed to building a workforce with diversity and equity. In addition, the Company strives to ensure the safety and health of employees, and is committed to creating a safe and healthy working environment for employees. Trainings on Human Rights Protection2The Company strictly implements the requirements and standards for protecting human rights, regularly conducts human rights training and education for employees, enhances employees' awareness of human rights protection and sense of responsibility, promotes the formation of effective supervision mechanisms, and improves the implementation effectiveness of human rights policies. Risk Response Continuous Improvement CommunicationRESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS 089 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 090 Adhering to the principles of equal, voluntary, and consensus through consultation, the Company signs written labour contracts with employees, covering the contract period, job responsibilities and location, working hours, rest and leave clauses, labour remuneration clauses, labour protection and occupational hazard prevention clauses, etc. The labour contract's articles are approved or supervised by the local labour department. For personnel implementing flexible working hours and comprehensive calculation of working hours, all units shall follow the latest policy requirements of the state on special working hour systems, fully listen to the opinions of the labour union, take appropriate work and rest methods, and ensure the physical health of employees. When an employee resigns, do not restrict their choice of new job for any reason or by any means. Employee Management Rest and Vacation Arrangement Working Environment Female Employees Employees with DisabilitiesPercentage of female employees 30. 73 Percentage of ethnic minority employees 4. 36 Sinopec Corp. actively implements the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, adheres to the basic values of decent work, ensures that all workers are protected in labour relations, creates a lawful, fair, and friendly workplace environment, and continuously enhances employees' sense of obtaining human rights protection, happiness, and security. The Company opposes any act that ignores or tramples human rights, and forbids any forms of discrimination with regard to recruitment, promotion, training, and remuneration, etc. The Company adopts flexible employment models according to actual needs, expands recruitment channels, attracts individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills, and experiences to join, and provides employees with fair and just opportunities for career development and compensation. The Company leverages its industrial advantages to continuously strengthen the support for labour needed in minority areas, and through establishing a fair and just selection mechanism, ensures that all employees have equal opportunities for career development. The proportion of minority employees in the Company continues to grow. A complaint and grievance mechanism has been established to allow employees to report incidents of discrimination and harassment timely. The Company strictly protects the privacy and legitimate rights of whistleblowers. All discriminatory and harassing behaviours, once confirmed, will be handled seriously in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, with the handling results disclosed to the affected employees and the public. The Company conducts evaluations of the implementation of various human resources management systems each year, and promptly formulates revision plans. In 2023, revisions were made to systems related to the supervision and accountability of leadership selection and appointment, leadership tenure system and contractual management, overall performance assessment management, headquarters leadership performance assessment and compensation management, in order to better align the relevant systems with the actual needs of the Company's human resources development. Indicators Number of employee representative congress meetings convened Number of employee representative congress resolutions filed183 2, 902159 2, 927Sinopec Corp. has been continuously optimising a democratic management system and corporate affairs transparency mechanism with the formulation of policies such as the Implementation Measures for Corporate Affairs Transparency of Units Directly under Sinopec Corp. and the Implementation Measures for the Staff Representative Congress of Units Directly under Sinopec Corp. The Company fully guarantees the employees' rights to information, participation, expression, and supervision when formulating policies and regulations, or making decisions on major reform matters related to employees' vital interests, cultivating employees' sense of ownership, mobilising and protecting the enthusiasm of the majority of employees to participate in corporate governance. Employee Communication and Participation In order to give full play to the democratic participation of employees, the Company actively implements collective bargaining, extensively solicits the opinions of employee representatives, strengthens communication between the trade union and the administrative department, and jointly discusses and formulates the relevant clauses of collective contracts and special contracts, especially for the collective contracts with the requirements on special protection for female employees. After the contract is passed by the employee representatives' congress, it is signed by representatives of the trade union and representatives of management, truly realising the protection of employees' rights and interests. The Company regularly organises employee representatives to propose suggestions on production safety, environmental protection, enterprise management, production and operation, salary distribution, employee education and welfare, etc. The responsible departments collect the suggestions and provide feedback accordingly, establishing a robust closed-loop proposal handling and feedback mechanism. Suggestions not formally recognised as proposals will have written feedback for explanation. Collective Bargaining Mechanism1Sinopec Corp. attaches great importance to the identification of human resources management risks and has established corresponding evaluation mechanisms. In the 2023 risk assessment results, talent turnover risk remains a key focus for the Company. In this regard, the Company systematically monitors the situation of talent turnover, strengthens attention to companies with prominent talent turnover issues, and takes measures such as expanding talent development space, implementing precise and effective incentives, creating a high-quality ecosystem that respects and treasures talents, and overall management of talent turnover issues based on the characteristics and reasons of the loss. In recent years, the employee turnover rate of Sinopec Corp. has been continuously decreasing. Human Resources Risk Management1 Based on the Company's business development strategy and short-, medium-, and long- term goals, as well as the demand for business development and key core technologies, the Company vigorously attracts high-level talents from domestic and abroad focusing on job-person compatibility and targeted talent introduction. In addition, the Company implements a differentiated talent attraction strategy, explores the implementation of an independent registration system of talent introduction based while adhering to the concept of playing chess was a whole, encouraging talent optimisation and flow arrangements that are conducive to the overall business development of the Company. The Company actively guides and encourages talents to work in units with vacancies, new projects, grassroots frontlines, and in difficult and dangerous positions, and strives to break down barriers to talent flow between segments, regions, and departments. When evaluating leaders at all levels, the weight given to employee representatives is increased to continuously enhance employee participation. In addition, the Company has developed an employee self-service information system for all employees, providing various services such as information inquiry, policy consultation, and learning and development, establishing a self-sevice brand for employees with Sinopec characteristics. Diversified Communication Channels2 The Company's trade union combines the various grassroots employee engagement activities, such as the thousands of grass-root family visits, with the campaign of doing practical things for the masses, mobilising management staff at all levels to comprehensively carry out visits to grassroots teams and employee families, listen to employees' demands, and strive to solve the most concerning and practical problems for employees. In addition, the trade union continued to organise a variety of employee activities and events under the theme of Sinopec Read, Sinopec Health, and Sinopec Care to encourage employees to take better care of their physical and mental health. Trade unions at all levels regularly carried out employee caring activities, increased the support for the employee condolence mechanism, and conducted condolences visits to the families of distressed overseas employee. Mobilised employees to actively participate in consumption assistance, consumption assistance organised by trade unions at all levels totalled over RMB50 million in 2023. Sinopec Read Sinopec Health Sinopec CareJob Value Assessment Tool Evaluation Tool for Market-Oriented Employment MechanismsTalent Inventory Salary BenchmarkingDeveloped a unified job value assessment tool, established a strategic job positioning model with the job tool as the core, compiled and revised job descriptions, job catalogue compilation norms, job competition norms, and other series of documents, and promoted implementation in more than 30 subsidiary units with good results. Organised and guided all directly subsidiaries to carry out self-assessment on the construction of market-oriented employment mechanism focusing on 19 indicators under five factors such as management system, open recruitment, contractual management, etc., to provide data support for enterprises to identify gaps and implement improvement measures. Performance indicators linked to long-term incentives SALARY AND BENEFITSSinopec Corp. continues to deepen the reform of its renumeration system, optimises its market-oriented renumeration mechanism, implements a renumeration policy that combines salary incentives with non-salary incentives, and has built a multi-dimensional salary and benefits system covering basic salary, performance bonuses, and medium- to long-term incentives based on factors such as job value, capability level, and performance and contribution. In addition, the Company provides employees with multi-level and personalised benefits to better protect the well-being of employees. The Company actively benchmarks its salary performance against the market, and integrates these findings to enhance our salary competitiveness to key, core talent and create a fair salary distribution structure. By implementing a tenure system and contractual management for management personnel, and contractual management for other personnel, the Company determines the assessment content by having all employees sign performance contracts, covering both work performance and competency assessments. Should any significant or more serious safety, environmental protection, quality accidents or incidents arise, the assessment outcomes shall immediately be deemed as unsatisfactory. The Company has formulated a policy system including the Guiding Opinions on the Medium- and Long- term Incentives of Sinopec, implementing diversified employee incentive measures. As of the end of 2023, the long-term incentive methods implemented by the Company include equity and dividend incentives for technology companies, excess profit-sharing mechanisms, and follow-up investments, covering 12 subsidiaries, including four subsidiaries just recently started implement these policies in 2023. These measures effectively motivate the innovation and efficiency of management and key employees. Goal Management Mechanism Sustainability IndicatorsAt the beginning of each assessment period, formulate assessment targets based on the overall business performance goals, investment plans, production and operation plans, and financial budgets of the Company, with considerations also given to the business unit's development plan, historical performance, and industry benchmarking results. During the assessment period, the completion of assessment targets is tracked, checked, and warned. At the end of the assessment period, the completion of assessment target is assessed into a comprehensive score based on financial settlement data, vertical comparisons, and horizontal benchmarking results. Sinopec Corp. is committed to integrating the national priority of job creation with its own talent development strategy, continuously deepening talent training programmes, and building smooth career development paths for talents. This allows employees to grow together with the Company, gaining knowledge, skills, and valuable professional experience along their career growth, and providing strong support for the Company's high-quality development. The Company continuously improves the top-level design of education and training, revised the Sinopec Employee Education and Training Management Regulations and the Sinopec Online Training Management Measures, and formulated the Sinopec Education and Training System Outline. The Company provides employees with diversified training and development opportunities, including various internal and external training courses, professional seminars, and participation in further education courses, etc., aiming to help employees improve their professional skills and stimulate their potential and creativity. Sinopec Corp. regards the construction of a team of technology talents as a priority, and has carried out comprehensive research on the reform of the system and mechanism for the development of technology talents. Meanwhile, the Company further implemented the Future Scientists training programme, and launched the Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Youth Talent Practical Training Programme. In 2023, a group of outstanding talents from the Company were recognised with over a dozen national-level honorary titles, such as the National Engineer Award, the National Innovation Competition Award, the National Technical Expert, and the Chinese Female Scientist Award Team Award. In 2023, Sinopec Corp. organised the third Sinopec Youth Technology Elite Competition with an optimised comprehensive evaluation mode based on talents and projects. A total of 155 participants, with the projects, from 78 subsidiaries jointed the competition. In the end, ten winners were awarded the title of Sinopec Outstanding Youth Technology Innovation Talents, and were accepted into the new round of talent that to be supported by this programme. The programme implements a dual-track mentor system, including a research track and a production track. Participants are funded to carry out independent research topics of their choice. Such a programme can play a positive role in helping employees to clarify their career development directions, optimise their growth paths, and accelerate their growth. The Company actively opens up channels for cooperation in talent cultivation, participating as one of the first pilot units in the special pilot programme of reforming the training of engineering doctoral students, and selected several rounds of outstanding technical backbone employees to pursue doctoral degrees in engineering. In 2023, a total of 341 senior (professor-level) employees, 91 chief technicians, 1, 428 senior technicians, and 116 special-grade technicians passed the assessment and received the relevant titles and accreditations. In addition, to strengthen the training of skilled talents, the Company actively organises various technical competitions and achievement exhibitions, such as holding events for the promotion of innovative achievements of Sinopec Corp.'s skilled talents and workers' innovation achievement exhibitions, convening meetings to encourage the rolling out of employee innovation studios, etc. In 2023, a total of 76 Sinopec Corp.'s Skilled Talents Innovation Studios were established and approved. The Company organised nine class-1 competitions and four class-2 competitions groupwide, and awarded 42 individuals the title of Sinopec Technical Expert. Management Talent Expert Talent Skilled Talent International TalentContinuously improved the progressive and systematic training system, implemented Corporate Reform and Innovation Leadership Training Camps, youth and middle-aged management staff trainings, and key training courses such as the Sunrise Project for young talents, aiming at systematically enhancing the comprehensive quality and performance capabilities of management personnel. Organised top-notch skills training courses, carried out demonstration training for skilled talents in different positions, and continuously strengthened basic skills training. EMPLOYEE CUL TIVATION AND DEVELOPMENT 5, 139 Number of employees covered by training programmes for key talentsBroaden the talent growth path Promote position-based management for expertsCASE Future Scientists Training Programme The Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Youth Talent Practical Training Programme plans to take five years to exchange and cultivate 400 young elite talents as the Hundreds of Boats, and 1, 000 young backbone talents as the Thousands of Sails. The programme also aims to build a normalised mechanism for talent exchange and training across segments, subsidiaries, and professional fields. In 2023, the programme selected 123 young elite talents and 239 young backbone talents, as well as 50 candidates for overseas practical training. CASE Hundreds of Boats, Thousands of Sails Strengthening the Training for Key Talents1Building a Team of Technology Talents2 Cooperation in Talent Cultivation3 Building Smooth Career Development Paths4RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS AND CUL TIVATING TALENTS 097 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 098 FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Contributing to Philanthropy Sustainable Supply Chain Community Relations Product and Service Management099 102 1071052023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 098 097 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 099 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 100 The Company focuses on consumption support and education support to provide continuous support for rural revitalisation and common prosperity, and is committed to share its development achievements with society with the continuous implementation of a variety of philanthropic programmes to enhance people's well-being with its hallmark Sinopec-style support. As results, continuous consumption assistance helped generate income for farmers in the assisted areas, accelerating the formulation of a three-driving assistance model of driving industry development with consumption assistance, driving revitalisation with industry growth, and driving development with education assistance and making greater contribution to rural revitalisation. The Company further deepened the industry consumption assistance model, extending industrial assistance from farming and animal husbandry operations to producing processing. The one county, one chain demonstration projects have achieved significant results. To date, the quinoa industry in Dongxiang County has become a local pilar industry, and the orchid industry of Yuexi County was recognised as an outstanding case of Chinese branding assistance in rural revitalisation. In Yingshang County Invested resources to help the local roosted duck egg industry scale up and become a local demonstration project, growing from village-level operations to more centralised business at the county level. In Zeku County The yak beef cold chain distribution centre had been put into operation and sales of processed yak beef products started. A Neighbourhood School for the People Organised experience sharing meetings regarding education assistance for rural revitalisation and initiated education assistance projects. A total of 442 pairs of teachers were connected to allow the rural teachers to learn from the practical experience of experience teachers. In Zeku County, Hungnam Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, the Spring Bud Class for Girls had over 60 of graduates passed the college entrance score for two consecutive years. The Bamboo Mountain Village Cabin project that supported by the Company was rated as a national A-class tourist homestay. The Tangfan Yunshe in Dongxiang County, which was also supported by the Company, was named the village-level centre for sharing rural poverty alleviation experiences. Upholding its commitment to supporting rural revitalisation and development aid through educational assistance, the Company continued to implement the series of its hallmark programmes, such as the Sinopec Rural Classroom for Retired Principals, Academician Classroom, Sinopec School Buddy, Micro-Light Plan, and Spring Bud Power Station, effectively supporting the development of grassroots level education with a centralised, three-dimensional, and paired model of educational assistance. FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 101 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 102 Enhance market research and analysis, explore the application of new technologies, and continuously optimise, adjust, and innovate on operational modes. Drivers' Home ProgrammeOver the years, Sinopec Corp. has initiated a series of philanthropic programmes, such as Warm Stations Programme, Driver's Home Programme for Truck Drivers, and Sinopec Lifeline Express Programme, to give back to society and practice its volunteer service spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual-assistance, and progress. Philanthropic Programmes Supply Chain ESG Risk Categories and Response MeasuresSinopec Corp. attaches great importance to supply chain management, and strives to adhere to the concepts of sunshine procurement and green procurement and actively integrate ESG concepts and requirements into the management system of suppliers and contractors. The Company is committed to continuously optimising supply chain management, aiming at building a transparent, healthy, and honest ecosystem with supply chain partners through open and strategic cooperation. Supplier Risk ManagementThe Company conducts supplier risk identification and assessment annually in accordance with risk assessment standards, evaluating supplier risks based on the likelihood and impact of risks. ESG-related risks have been fully incorporated into the supplier risk identification process. In 2023, a number of key supplier ESG risks were identified, such as business ethics and integrity, operational mode, supply chain security and stability, and HSE. The Company also conducted risk level assessment, analysed risk factors, and formulated response strategies accordingly to further optimise its risk control mechanism and ensure its overall exposures to supply chain ESG risks are within a safe range. Supplier ManagementThe Company is constantly optimising supply chain management, making efforts to strengthen supply chain management system and capabilities. Adhering to the principles of safety, timeliness, green, and economical, the Company strives to build a centralised supply management system, operation mechanism, management policies, business processes, supply resource platform, bidding platform, and electronic trading platform with ESG concept fully integrated. The Company also actively implements the strategy of green and clean development. In order to build a long-term mechanism for green procurement management with the characteristics of green, low-carbon, circular, and efficient, the Company has formulated the Sinopec Material Green Procurement Management Measures to standardise the green procurement of materials required for production and construction, putting forward specific requirements for green supply resource management, green procurement implementation, green logistics management, and green management of waste materials. In 2023, a total of 166 Warm Stations were set up at Sinopec service stations in Guangdong, Guangxi, Jiangxi and other places, offering free refuelling and the 1 10 X services, including emergency medicine, hot water, vehicle repairing, etc., for homebound migrant worker motorcyclists. A total of 9, 480 Sinopec volunteers provided services to 10. 3 million holiday travallers and 132 thousand person-times of homebound motorcyclists. As of the end of 2023, the Warm Stations Programme had cumulatively provided services to over 57. 8 million holiday travellers, including over 4. 58 million homebound motorcyclists. Over 53, 000 volunteers participated and offered free refuelling for 94 thousand motorcycles, distributed 110 thousand gift bags and 230 thousand pieces of amenity items, such as raincoats, knee warmers, neck warmers, and safety vests, etc., shipped over 940, 000 kilograms of luggage and New Year Goodies free of charge, provided over 1. 02 million litres of ginger tea, and offered free medicine and medical services to 257 thousand people. The Drivers' Home Programme provides long-haul truck drivers with a place to rest at Sinopec service stations, with dining options, hot water, as well as amenity services such as hot shower, laundry, parking, and cell-phone charging, etc. In 2023, the Drivers' Home Programme offered a Chinese New Year refuelling gift package to 1, 000 long-haul truck driver couples, with which they can enjoy free rest, showing, laundry and other amenity services at over 800 Sinopec service stations in Guangdong throughout the year. As of the end of 2023, Sinopec Corp. had cumulatively operated 6, 033 Love Stations, including 1, 602 stations in 2023, and 4, 098 Drivers' Home stations, including 512 stations in 2023. Warm Stations Programme Sinopec Lifeline Express Programme 2022 2023 Indicators Total employee volunteer service times (10, 000 person-times) Total employee volunteer service hours ( 10, 000 hours)96. 5 160. 197. 2 165. 5In 2023, Sinopec Lifeline Express travelled to three locations, Bayingol Mongolian Autonomous Prefecture in Xinjiang, Jincheng in Shanxi, and Shaoguan in Guangdong, providing free cataract surgery for a total of 3, 483 patients, bringing light and hope to impoverished cataract patients. Meanwhile, the programme extended its impact to eye care awareness education in campuses in Xinjiang and Shanxi with activities such as eye care knowledge lectures, pop quizzes, and painting experiences to propogate the knowledge on eye care. Suppliers are encouraged to develop green technologies and products, and make joint efforts to promote the low-carbon transformation in the supply chain. During supplier qualification review, credit certification, quality evaluation, etc., the Company emphasises on the green certification and corporate social responsibility performance of suppliers, encouraging suppliers to provide qualifications, standards, and related certification materials related to green procurement in their profile information, and urging suppliers to improve their relevant management performance. As of the of 2023, the Company's monitoring of supplier anti-corruption behaviour has covered more than 26, 000 qualified suppliers. Green Procurement Sunshine Procurement When suppliers register on the EPEC platform, they are required to sign the Business Integrity Commitment and the Compliance Commitment Letter, committing to refraining from any corruption and commercial bribery, tax violations, unfair competition, environmental pollution, dishonesty, or other violations, and to complying with the anti- corruption regulations of both parties. Supplier with incidents such as failing to comply with commitments or violating integrity commitment, or suppliers with compliance risks, will be disciplined with measures such as termination or temporary suspension of trading qualifications, which will be publicly disclosed on the EPEC platform. Their supplier accounts at the EPEC platform shall be frozen, closed, or deleted accordingly. Supplier training covers the Company's material supply management concept, summary of bidding-related policies, EPEC platform introduction, as well as the relevant business processes and operations. Suppliers are required to further improve their management of green procurement, safety management, operational compliance, and risk prevention and control, etc. As of end of 2023, a total of 11, 109 suppliers have completed the legal entity credit certification. In 2023, the Company conducted due diligent surveys of 2, 450 suppliers, and a total of 11, 173 suppliers have received due diligence surveys cumulatively, Qualification Review Suppliers are reviewed regarding their production and operation qualifications, HSE system certification, quality management system certification, etc., with a focus on environmental protection requirements such as HSE management system certification, pollution discharge permit, energy management system certification, green product certification, and low-carbon product certification, etc. In 2023, the Company revised its supplier qualification audit standards, further standardising the requirements for suppliers' HSE management, and requiring a comprehensive review of the safety, environmental, and occupational health management of suppliers. Supplier Registration Supplier Qualification Assessment Supplier Evaluation Supplier Due Diligence 2023 Indicators Total number of suppliers assessed via desk assessments on-site assessments Percentage of significant suppliers assessed ( ) Number of suppliers assessed with substantial actual potential negative impacts Percentage of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts with agreed corrective action improvement plan ( ) Number of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts that were terminated26, 186 72. 8 1, 794 31. 0 220Supplier Management ProceduresSupplier Violation Disciplining Supplier Training Contractor ManagementTo continuously encourage contractors into enhancing their responsibility performance, the Company has incorporated ESG-related requirements such as openness and transparency, integrity, anti-corruption, HSE qualification and management, in its management system and policies, such as the Sinopec Management Measures for Market Integrity System of Construction Projects, the Regulations on Sinopec Quality Accident Management, the Management Regulations on Sinopec Production Safety Accident, the Management Measures on Sinopec's Scoring and Quantitative Assessment of Project Contractors, and the Management Regulations on Sinopec Engineering Construction and Maintenance Contractors. All contractors are required to sign the Business Integrity Commitment and the Business Integrity Agreement, and contractors who violated the provisions will be included in the blacklist of Sinopec's engineering construction. The Company also entrusted third-party credit rating agencies to conduct compliance and integrity evaluations of contractors and give them a comprehensive credit rating, reducing business risks with motivations for compliance and disciplinary actions for incidents of non-compliance. FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 105 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 106 COMMUNITY RELATIONS Both project proposals and feasibility study reports contain a section on environmental protection, with environmentally sensitive targets identified. Community Communication Project Proposal Development Formulation of Construction Plans Environmental Protection AcceptanceConduct environmental impact assessments, commission third-party evaluation agencies to prepare environmental impact assessment reports, solicit opinions and suggestions from community residents during the public consultation stage of environmental impact assessment, and incorporate the requirements of environmental impact assessment approval into the environmental protection section of the construction plan. All new projects shall apply for and obtain all applicable national and local administrative approval procedures, such as project approval, registration, safety assessment, environmental impact assessment, energy assessment, stability assessment, etc., and ensure that project construction complies with relevant requirements. CIR in Kazakhstan Mansarovar in Colombia UDM in Russia Indicators Staff localisation ratio Percentage of localised procurement96. 9 68. 7 97 98. 6 99 100 2022 2023 Indicators Number of overseas employees Of which Percentage of female employees ( ) Of which Percentage of female employees among management staff ( ) Employee localisation rate ( )4, 045 28. 5 11. 3 97. 94, 120 29. 4 11. 2 97. 8Sinopec Corp. actively identifies, assesses, and mitigates the potential impacts of its operations on neighbouring communities during business operations, continuously improves community communication, respects local cultural backgrounds and customs, and strives to jointly contribute to the common development and prosperity of both the enterprise and the communities. Community Relations Management Policies and SystemsThe Company strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations where it operates, and has formulated and complies with community relations management policies and systems, as well as relevant social responsivities norms, following the principles of integrity and compliance, win-win cooperation, paying pack to communities, and contributing to local prosperity, so as to continuously foster friendly relations with local communities. The Company actively understands and responds to the needs of various stakeholders, formulates social responsibility policies that are in line with the interests of both the Company and the communities, and is committed to protecting the interests of the communities. The Company regularly carries out community townhalls, face-to-face visits, and phone and email communications to help local communities and the public better understand how Sinopec Corp. fulfils its social responsibilities and forster a strong understanding of what the Company does and trust in the Company. Sinopec's overseas subsidiaries attach great important to the communication and engagement with indigenous peoples. Our overseas subsidiaries strictly abide by relevant laws, regulations, public policies, and standards where they operate. Sinopec Corp. establishes an environmental information disclosure system that ensures timely and lawful disclosure of environmental information. The Company sets up pollutant discharge signs outside the stations where pollutants are discharged, which display information such as the main processes, types of pollutants produced, and amount of pollutants discharged. Complaint hotlines are also provided for the public to report any environmental issues, as part of the communication mechanism with local communities regarding ecological and environmental issues. Overseas subsidiaries often hold public hearings in the communities where they operate before engaging in important construction and production activities. This allows locals to voice their opinions and ensures that community and resident interests are properly protected. In 2023, all Sinopec subsidiaries conducted environmental information disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations, and there was no incident of penalties due to inadequate information disclosure. Adhering to the commitment of Opening the Door to Run Enterprises, the Company has been organising the Sinopec Public Open Day event for eleven consecutive years. Stakeholder representatives, including community residents, students, government workers, and media reporters, were invited to visit Sinopec subsidiaries in nearly a hundred cities across China, building a bridge for communication between the Company and the general public. As of the end of 2023, more than 230, 000 people have visited Sinopec facilities cumulatively through the Public Open Day events, and its online live broadcasts attracted over 80 million views cumulatively, making the event the largest Public Open Day event in scale among all industrial enterprises in China. In 2023, 78 Sinopec subsidiaries organised a total of 376 Public Open Day events with 24, 342 visitors offline and a total participation of 6, 314, 921 people. Our overseas subsidiaries attach great importance to the compliance with behaviour norms of security personnel in respecting human rights, and have been gradually improving relevant management approaches, including but not limited to sharing values in security training, correcting specific behaviours in the process of security personnel performing their duties, and incorporating relevant responsibility considerations in security audits and evaluations. In addition, our overseas projects have established a complaint and grievance mechanism respectively for local communities and the public. Community EngagementThe Company attaches great importance to the engagement with local communities, and is dedicated to contributing to local community development and economic prosperity and achieving win-win development. Our overseas subsidiaries strictly comply with local tax laws and regulations, abide by international safety, health, and environmental protection standards, give priority to the employment of local employees, and cultivate local talents, aiming at improving the well-being of residents in local communities. In addition, overseas projects of the Company strictly adhere to the relevant laws and regulations of the operating location, prioritise the use of local suppliers, and encourage and support the development of local industries and manufacturers. In 2023, the overseas projects of the Company, such as Mansarovar in Colombia, CIR in Kazakhstan, and Block 18 in Angola, implemented a variety of community services and investment activities, including water purification device installation, church renovation, assistance to students in need, donations to orphanages, etc., extending our support and help to support local development. CASE CIR in Kazakhstan Cultivating Local TalentsCIR in Kazakhstant focuses on cultivating local talents, strives to continuously increase the proportion of local employees, effectively safeguard employee rights, and provide employees with competitive salary and benefits. The various subsidiaries of CIR continued to optimise their training and career development support systems, allocating 1 of production expenses for local employee training, helping employees continuously improve their professional skills and actively empowering them to pursue career development. Our overseas subsidiaries have established a community affairs consultation mechanism. Before any major designs, plans, and environmental permits are approved, they will organise public hearings and consultations to ensure that the impact of the construction and production activities on the environment complies with local environmental regulations as well as public expectations. FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 107 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 108 Adhering to the customer-centred service concept, Sinopec Corp. is committed to providing customers with high-quality and convenient services, and continuously improving customer satisfaction. The Company attaches great importance to the protection of customer privacy, and fully implements the requirements of relevant laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law, following the principles and requirements including lawfulness and integrity, clearance and reasonability, necessity based, openness and transparency, accuracy, completeness, and security protection, etc. The Company takes the protection of customer privacy as an important component of the operational safety of the enterprise, and the Board of Directors is the highest governance body for the protection of customer privacy. The Company strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such as the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, forbidding false or exaggerated marketing communications and requiring all advertising to be truthful, accurate, and fair. In addition, the Company further strengthened its product branding, product packaging, and the management of promotional material to improve its overall brand image. Customer Service Standardisation Product Database Product Knowledge Base Expert Service System Indicators Sales of Oil Products 2023 Sales of Chemicals 2023 85. 7 6 94. 1 11 100 0Optimisation of the Quality Management System In response to the quality issues of adulterated oil products in the market, the Company proposed the concept of intrinsic quality safety for refined oil products, took the lead to conduct research on unauthorised components adulterated in refined oil products and the harms they might cause, and innovatively established the internal control indicator system of refined oil products, which was the first in China and could effectively reduce the risks associated with externally sourced oil products. Life Cycle Management of Oil ProductsQuality Information SystemQuality Control SystemInternal Control Indicator System for Externally Sourced Oil Products Supplier Management System Quality Culture Quality Inspection SystemSales of Oil Products Sales of ChemicalsOptimised refuelling service and pay-inside procedures, and organised retail skill competitions to promote the full-scale application of new service procedures. Consolidated premium industry resources such as manufacturing subsidiaries of Sinopec Corp, research institutes, and external equipment and technical partners, and built a product knowledge base consisting of modules such as new product offerings, star product promotions, industry expert lectures, etc., allowing customers to learn about new products and specialty materials efficiently and precisely. Information is categorised by level, by product line, and by application area, allowing customers to enjoy professional and timely technical support with more timely, convenient, professional, and accurate technical services. Customer Service Management Refuelling ServiceAdopted a centralised operation model, with the national customer service centre answering 350, 000 customer calls on average each month, and continuously improved response rate and handling rate of customer calls. PRODUCT AND SERVICE MANAGEMENTSinopec Corp. always puts customer needs and satisfaction first and is committed to constantly improving product quality and services. The Company provides customers with high-quality products and services by strictly controlling quality checkpoints and improving service management processes, effectively protecting customer rights, and continuously improving customer satisfaction. Quality ManagementIn strict accordance with the laws and regulations such as the Product Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, the Metrology Law of the People's Republic of China, and the Standardisation Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company has revised five management documents, such as the Measures for the Quality Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, the Refined Oil Products and Natural Gas Quality Accident Liability Regulations, and the Regulations on the Quality Risk Management of Refined Oil and Natural Gas, etc., to effectively strengthen the identification and control of quality risks, stick to our high-quality commitment that every drop of oil is a promise, and take concrete actions to protect the premium quality and honesty measuring reputation of Sinopec Corp. A total of 570 thousand batches of oil products were sampled for testing, with a 100 passing rate, including 23 thousand batches examined externally by national and provincial level inspection organisations. In addition, 46 marketing subsidiaries, 97. 9 of all sales subsidiaries, had completed the third-party certification of ISO9001 quality management system. In 2023, the Company revised three system policies, including the Sinopec Material Supply Quality Management Measures, the Sinopec Material Quality Acceptance Inspection Management Measures, and the Sinopec Equipment Material Supervision and Manufacturing Management Measures, completed the quantitative evaluation of material supply quality management for 23 subsidiaries, and conducted evaluation and inspection on 73 suppliers and authorised manufacturers. Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use intensity (cubic metre RMB million) Fresh water withdrawal for industrial use revenue (RMB million)COD (tonnes) Ammonia and nitrogen (tonnes) Sulphur dioxide (tonnes) Nitrogen oxides (tonnes) VOCs (tonnes) Solid waste (thousand tonnes) Solid waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Solid waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Solid waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) Hazardous waste recycled reused (thousand tonnes) Hazardous waste disposed (thousand tonnes) Amount disposed by third-parties (thousand tonnes)Emissions, Effluents and Wastes 4, 550 71 4, 661 19, 984 49, 714 1, 796. 4 0. 56 13, 967. 3 1, 912. 2 1, 796. 4 464. 8 0. 14 1, 009 675. 0 464. 8Indicators 5, 185 107 5, 117 20, 774 1, 931. 6 0. 70 461. 0 0. 17 2021 4, 755 75 4, 910 19, 247 51, 119 2, 036. 9 0. 61 12, 821. 7 2, 158. 8 2, 036. 9 515. 0 0. 16 1, 069 1, 253. 1 515. 02022 2023GHGs Emissions and Management GHGs emissions (million tonnes CO 2-equivalent) Of which Direct GHGs emissions Indirect GHGs emissions Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) CO 2 capture (thousand tonnes) Methane recovery (million cubic metres) Methane emissions (million cubic metres) Of which Exploration and production segment Refining and chemicals segment Marketing and distribution segment168. 64 142. 28 26. 36 20. 33 146. 70 1. 61 52. 50 1, 749 874 250. 21 216. 55 14. 78 18. 88Indicators 172. 56 148. 38 24. 18 22. 47 148. 34 1. 75 62. 96 1, 520 717 299. 90 269. 88 10. 01 20. 012021 161. 79 137. 72 24. 07 20. 36 139. 82 1. 61 48. 76 1, 534 834 253. 79 222. 32 11. 06 20. 412022 2023 Note 1Note 1 Note 2 Note 3 Note 4 Note 5Note 2 The Company conducts GHGs emission (direct and indirect) accounting and verification according to ISO14064-1 2006 standards, covering six gases including carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH 4), nitrous oxide (N 2O), hydro fluoro carbons (HFCs), per fluorinated compounds (PFCs) and sulphur hexafluoride (SF 6). GHGs emissions increased slightly in 2023 due to production growth and asset acquisitions. GHGs emissions intensity (tonnes CO 2-equivalent RMB million) Greenhouse gas emissions revenue (RMB million) This report discloses the emissions of oilfield, refinery, and professional subsidiaries included in the Company's list of key pollution discharge permit management units, with data calculated based on self-monitoring data. The ultimate emissions data are subject to data published by local environmental authorities. Hazardous waste intensity (tonne RMB million) amount of hazardous waste revenue (RMB million)Note 1 Note 2 Note 1 Note 2 Note 3 Note 4 Note 5 Note 1 Note 2KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE 111 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 112 374, 791 43, 826 224, 068 106, 897 258, 762 116, 029 31. 0 13. 45 36. 53 31. 13 23, 780 351, 011 349, 964 4. 2 20, 891 12, 082 8, 809 14, 088 6, 722 81 15, 046 0. 69 0. 60 0. 97 2. 65 0. 59 0. 30 0. 60 0. 23 0. 71 100 80 100368, 009 48, 819 209, 558 109, 632 254, 938 113, 071 30. 73 13. 63 36. 46 30. 64 31, 199 336, 810 345, 025 4. 36 28, 941 15, 069 13, 872 15, 740 12, 788 413 18, 425 0. 50 0. 45 0. 62 1. 73 0. 39 0. 17 0. 25 0. 22 0. 54 100 87 100Total number of employees Of which Employees aged 30 years and below Employees aged between 31 and 50 years Employees aged 51 years and over Of which Male employees Female employees Percentage of female employees ( ) Percentage of female employees in management ( ) Percentage of female employees in technological staff ( ) Percentage of female employees in operational staff ( ) Of which Master degree or above Bachelor or below Of which Full time employees Percentage of ethnic minority employees ( ) Number of employees newly hired during reporting period Of which Male employees Female employees Of which Employees 30 years of age and below Employees between 31 and 50 years of age Employees 51 years of age and over Number of employees turnover during reporting period Turnover rate ( ) Of which Turnover rate of male employees ( ) Turnover rate of female employees ( ) Of which Turnover rate of employees aged 30 years and below ( ) Turnover rate of employees aged between 31 and 50 years ( ) Turnover rate of employees aged 51 years and over ( ) Of which Turnover rate of senior management staff ( ) Turnover rate of mid-level management staff ( ) Turnover rate of grassroots employees ( ) Social insurance coverage ( ) Enterprise annuity coverage ( ) Percentage of employees with labour union membership ( )385, 751 41, 029 243, 706 101, 016 262, 108 123, 643 32. 1 12. 91 21, 839 363, 852 4. 0 21, 062 11, 797 0. 64 0. 56 0. 87 3. 10 0. 56 0. 16 100 81. 48 100EmploymentSocial Performance Indicators 1, 725, 129 6, 152, 170 51, 432, 900 87. 3 14, 637, 601 35. 71 55. 28 55. 64 59. 15 55. 37 52. 81 39. 26 38. 27 95. 77 93. 63 87. 381, 442, 848 6, 375, 520 60, 847, 600 99. 3 14, 815, 488 39. 53 58. 31 58. 68 61. 35 58. 56 54. 21 42. 74 41. 63 96. 28 94. 75 89. 631, 979, 853 1, 390, 561 589, 292 2, 610 28, 757 1, 111, 807 5, 895, 570 50, 855, 000 99. 4 100 100 99. 3 20, 675, 680 56. 18 57. 15 54. 06 70. 52 60. 23 55. 78 43. 67 43. 35 98. 53 97. 61 92. 35Vocational training participation (person-time) Of which Training participation of male employees Training participation of female employees Of which Training participation of senior management staff Training participation of mid-level management staff Training participation of grassroots employees Online training participation (person-time) Total amount of online training (hours Vocational training coverage ( ) Of which Vocational training coverage of senior management staff ( ) Vocational training coverage of mid-level management staff ( ) Vocational training coverage of grassroots employees ( ) Total amount of vocational training (hours) Average training hours of employees (hours) Of which Average training hours of male employees (hours) Average training hours of female employees (hours) Of which Average training hours of senior management staff (hours) Average training hours of mid-level management staff (hours) Average training hours of grassroots employees (hours) Of which Training participation rate of male employees ( ) Training participation rate of female employees ( ) Of which Training participation rate of senior management staff ( ) Training participation rate of mid-level management staff ( ) Training participation rate of grassroots employees ( )Training Indicators 2021 2022 2023 2021 2022 2023KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE 113 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 114 25, 072 23, 294 1, 778 30. 6 11, 952 47. 7 8, 511 34. 0 7, 999 31. 9 5. 1 86. 0 96. 7 26, 186 24, 446 1, 740 30. 5 10, 815 41. 3 9, 208 35. 2 7, 869 30. 0 5. 6 86. 7 97. 0 26, 186 72. 8 1, 794 31. 0 22026, 768 24, 917 1, 851 29. 8 11, 634 43. 5 9, 271 34. 6 8, 273 30. 9 5. 8 86. 0 96. 9 Number of suppliers passed qualification assessment Of which Number of suppliers from mainland China Number of oversea suppliers Percentage of suppliers qualified by QHSE management system ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO9000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the quality management system (ISO9000) ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO14000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the environmental management system (ISO14000) ( ) Number of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO18000) Percentage of suppliers qualified by the occupational health and safety management system (ISO18000) ( ) Percentage of procurement from the top 5 suppliers ( ) Percentage of procurement through tender ( ) Percentage of procurement by open tender ( ) Total number of suppliers assessed via desk assessments on-site assessments Percentage of significant suppliers assessed ( ) Number of suppliers assessed with substantial actual potential negative impacts Percentage of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts with agreed corrective action improvement plan ( ) Number of suppliers with substantial actual potential negative impacts that were terminated2 2 0. 1147 0. 00071 58 331 99. 9 121 2 0. 07046 0. 00045 59 332 99. 9 101 1 0. 05052 0. 00023 5, 586 59 333 99. 9 4Workplace health and safety Supply Chain Number of accidents reported Number of deaths due to production safety accidents Total recorded accident (Incident) rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Fatal accident rate (per 200, 000 working-hours) Lost workdays due to work-related injuries (days) Number of production safety emergency drills (10, 000 times) Participation of production safety emergency drills (10, 000 person-times) Employee occupational health examination coverage ( ) Number of newly diagnosed cases of occupational diseases2021 2022 2023 Indicators Indicators 2021 2022 2023KEY PERFORMANCE KEY PERFORMANCE 115 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 116 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORTINDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT 117 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 118 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT 119 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 120 INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT 121 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 122 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equity opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. KPI B1. 1 KPI B1. 2 KPI B2. 1 KPI B2. 2 KPI B2. 3 KPI B3. 1 KPI B3. 2 KPI B4. 1 KPI B4. 2N A Note 1N A Note 2 The indicator is not applicable since the main products sold by the Company are energy and chemical products. The indicator is not applicable, because the Company has calculated and disclosed the total recorded accident (incident) rate per 200, 000 working-hours and the fatal accident rate per 200, 000 working-hours in accordance with the OSHA standards instead. Note 1 Note 2 REPORT CONTENT INDEXES REPORT CONTENT INDEXES 123 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 124 102-104 107-108 23114 102-104 102 103 108 108 27 107 108 25 24 26 25 99-101 105-106 99-101 105-106UNGC Ten Principles Index Scope UNGC's Ten Principles Pages Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs BSocial Operating Practices CommunityAspect B5 Supply Chain Management Aspect B8 Community InvestmentAspect B6 Product Responsibility Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionPages Number of suppliers by geographical region. Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area. Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests. General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. Businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights. Businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining. Businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges. Businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery. Actions Disclosure Index in 2023 (Pages) 99-101 87-90 99 53-54 77-80 83-84 77-80 83-84 102-104 107-108 95-96 100 38-56 87-90 73-74 69 73-74 51-56 23-26 90 92-93 95-96 31-34 39 52-54TCFD Index TCFD recommended disclosures Pages 38 38 41-42 41-42 39-42 38 41-42 38 41-42 39-42 39-43 109 43 109 39-56a) b) a) b) c) a) b) c) a) b) c)Describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Governance Strategy Risk Management Metrics and TargetsREPORT CONTENT INDEXES REPORT CONTENT INDEXES 127 SINOPEC - 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report FEEDBACK Open-ended questions What do you like the most of this report? What other information do you think that should be included in this report? What are your suggestions that how we can better prepare our sustainable development progress report in the future? Your opinions and suggestions are important to us and can help us improve the preparation of future reports. This report responds to and discloses information about the concerns of stakeholders. The information, indicators and data disclosed in this report are clear, accurate and complete. This report is easy to read, i. e., its structure, content, wording and layout are well designed. Content Very good Good Fair Poor Very poorUNGC Advanced Level Criteria Index Criteria for UNGC Advanced Level Scope Environmental Stewardship ImplementationPages 3 3 9 10 121 87-88 88 88 87-96 87 89 87-96 87-96 87-96 38-40 44-45 49 51 60-74 60-74 59-64 45-56 65-74 23 23-24 24-26 25 102-104 107-108 Report Information Report Information 115-120Criterion 1 Criterion 2 Criterion 3 Criterion 4 Criterion 5 Criterion 6 Criterion 7 Criterion 8 Criterion 9 Criterion 10 Criterion 11 Criterion 12 Criterion 13 Criterion 14 Criterion 15 Criterion 16 Criterion 17 Criterion 18 Criterion 19 Criterion 20 Criterion 21 Criterion 22 Criterion 23 Criterion 24 Key aspects of the Company's advanced level sustainability strategy in line with Global Compact principles Effective decision-making processes and systems of governance for corporate sustainability Engagement with all important stakeholders Actions taken in support of broader UN goals and issue Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of human rights Effective management systems to integrate the human rights principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of human rights integration Key outcomes of the human rights integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of Labour Effective management systems to integrate the Labour principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms of the labour principle integration Key outcomes of the Labour principle integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of environmental stewardship Effective management systems to integrate the environmental principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for environmental stewardship Key outcomes of the environmental principle integration Robust commitments, strategies or policies in the area of anti-corruption Effective management systems to integrate the anti-corruption principle Effective monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for the integration of anti- corruption Key outcomes of the anti-corruption principle integration Implementation of the Global Compact principles in the value chain The COP provides information on the Company's profile and context of operation The COP incorporates high standards of transparency and disclosure The COP is independently verified by a credible third-partyStrategy Governance and Engagement UN Goals and Issues Human Rights Implementation Labour Principles Implementation Anti-Corruption Implementation Value Chain Implementation Transparency and VerificationREPORT CONTENT INDEXES FEEDBACK 2023 Sinopec Corp. Sustainability Report - SINOPEC 128 Address No. 22 Chaoyangmen North Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC Zip code 100728 Tel 86 - 10 - 59960028 Fax 86 - 10 - 59960386 Website http www. com listco en This report is printed on environmentally friendly paper