Contents ABOUT THIS REPORT MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT02 04 06 10 OPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESS Establishing a Sound Governance Structure Strengthening Risk Control Fighting Corruption and Advocating Integrity16 17 181 PROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 5ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLE4PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMENTS 3FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTURE 2 INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX FEEDBACK FORM76 79Protecting the Rights and Interests of Employees Driving Employee Development Occupational Health and Safety Caring for Employees36 38 44 4722 26 30 31Strict Control of Product Quality Enhancing Service Experience Boosting Product Innovation Creating Intelligent Ecology Enhancing Responsible Procurement Caring for Health of Mother and Baby Building a Better Home66 69 71Key Environmental Performance Implementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Improving Environment Protection System Fulfilling the in Green Production Practicing Green Construction Advocating Green Office52 54 56 57 61 62
ABOUT THIS REPORT This report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibil- ities, and promote balanced and sustainable development.
The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors.
Reporting Entity For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report.
In case of inconsistency, please refer to the tradi- tional Chinese version as it shall prevail.
Access to this Report The electronic version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www.
Reporting Period This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2022, with some parts earlier or later than the time above.
Reporting Scope It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries.
Data Sources Data in this report comes from internal statistics, doc- uments, reports, third-party investigations and inter- views.
References The report is prepared based on the Environmental, So - cial and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited ( HKEX ).
It responds to and complies with the non-compliance interpretation re- quirement in the Guide in relation to the materiality of issues, the quantitative nature of data, the balance of data and the consistency of disclosure.
Unless other- wise specified, this report uses the same data statistics method as that adopted for the 2021 Feihe ESG Report without any significant changes.
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report ABOUT THIS REPORT
Leng Youbin Chairman March 2023As the sun and the moon continue their orbit, we welcome a new year.
The successful convening of the 20th CPC Party Congress has sounded a call for unity and hard work toward building a modern socialist country and promoting the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
At the same time, Feihe has accomplished six decades of remark - able progress.
Feihe has achieved a strategic upgrade that leads the industry and obtained new remark- able performance, enhancing its business resilience and competitiveness.
We have also deepened our understanding and practice of ESG, becoming increasingly conscious of our responsibilities to society, environment, and partners, and are more committed to pursuing a path of prioritizing ecology and seeking green and low-carbon sustainable development.
Feihe's unique brand value and philosophy have increasingly won the trust and order of more consumers.
The past sixty years have not only laid a solid foundation for Feihe's journey towards a century-old undertaking, but also marked a new beginning for the advancement of its values.
Feihe has always regarded technological innovation as the core driver of sustainable development.
In 2022, through our continuous investment in research and development, we achieved impressive results and gained national recognition for our technological capabilities.
This breakthrough has enabled us to create milk powder more suitable for Chinese babies, driving quality im- provement and innovation in the industry while contributing to the healthier growth of Chinese infants and toddlers.
Our 3 2 2 digitization strategy is being implemented with remarkable efficiency, and we are making steady progress in the construction of world- class intelligent manufacturing demonstration factories.
With efficient and flexible production, we provide consumers with fresher products, more professional services, and satisfaction of more accurate demands.
We have upgraded our intelligent platforms, such as Star Mom and Star Mom Premium, to provide Chinese mothers and tens of millions of Feihe users with more understanding, compassionate and intelligent bosom friend-style companionship.
Our platforms also provide high-quality nutrition and health products and solutions tailored to meet the needs of the entire family.
As part of our ongoing commitment to social responsibility, Feihe is addressing a range of issues, including the hidden loss of parent-child companionship.
Feihe initiated the 5. 28 China Baby Day together with the community and the industry, published the China Baby Self-Care Guide with authoritative institutions to promote the standardization of infant care in China, and launched the first digital collection exclusively for Chinese babies.
As the first ex- clusive industrial cluster for infant formula in China, we have established a reputation for excellent performance in product quality, customer service, and R&D innovation.
In 2022, we optimized our internal quality management system, adopting scientific management methods to refine and scrutinize every step of the quality testing process.
At the same time, we have graded the quality of our suppliers and strengthened the identification of risks in raw and auxiliary materials to achieve the management goal of full traceability and source control.
At the same time, we continue to strengthen corporate gov- ernance capacity and execution efficiency by reforming our organization system and cultivating young cadres from top to bottom.
Our teams are adept at innovation and have strong competence.
We prioritize humanistic care, actively build harmonious labor relations, and carry out various cultural activities and safety training to enhance the sense of belonging and cohesion among our staff.
Feihe has joined hands with the State-owned Assets Supervision and Admin- istration Commission of the State Council, the Chinese Acad- emy of Social Sciences and the China Association for Quality to compile the China Corporate Social Responsibility Report Guide 5. 0, and wrote and published group standards such as the Corporate ESG Evaluation Guide and Corporate ESG Man - agement System Requirements to promote the ESG construc- tion of Chinese enterprises.
With its excellent performance in corporate governance, product safety and quality, Feihe was upgraded from BBB to A in MSCI's ESG rating for 2022, the highest rating currently received by a Chinese food company.
The use of produced organic fertilizers in farmland can significantly increase the organic content of over 100, 000 mu of black soil.
This practice has significant social, economic, and environmental benefits and effectively promotes comprehensive carbon emissions reduction while contributing to the national carbon peaking and neutrality strategy.
Feihe has always been devoted to charitable activ- ities and has continued to carry out eye charities, COVID-19 prevention and control, poverty alleviation, and other public welfare activities.
These efforts have laid a solid foundation for rural revitalization and national development, highlighting Feihe's patriotism and sense of responsibility as a national enterprise.
Our dedication to building and enhancing our brand remains a top priority, with a focus on connecting with consumers' hearts and emotions, and exceeding their expectations with outstanding quality, cutting-edge technology, and valuable products to continuously enhance the luster of the national brand represented by Feihe.
On the road to sustain- able and high-quality development, we will strive to build a world-class enterprise!
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT
Feihe, which was established in 1962 and based in Qiqihar, in Northeast China's Heilongjiang province, Feihe is among Chi- na's longest-operating dairy brands.
Over the past 60 years, we have been a pacesetter and innovator improving techniques, processes, and formulas in the manufacturing of milk powder for infants and toddlers in China.
The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children.
We have achieved targets for 2020 -as per the government's Dairy Industry Reju -venation Guidelines in terms of forage-planting, private farm construction and the self-sufficiency rate of raw milk.
One hundred percent of our baby formula is made from our farms' fresh raw milk.
We are consumer-oriented, put actions before words, seek win-win outcomes and have an endless passion for excel- lence.
Embedded in our DNA since our inception, these core values continue to guide our journey.
Our employees under - stand their responsibilities and work hard to fulfill them, day in, day out.
By studying the nutritional components of breast milk, we focused on manufacturing better formulas for Chi- nese babies.
We are a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert that brings joy and health to families.
In 2022, Feihe redefined its strategic positioning as Freshly extracted active nutrition, more suitable for Chinese babies.
Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities.
Our Vision Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Our Mission Bring joy and health to familiesOur Values Putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceSeeing our Efforts Rewarded ABOUT FEIHE Science and Technology Innovation Award - First Prize of Techno- logical Progress Award Chinese Institute of Food Science and TechnologyFirst Prize of Technological Progress Award (Research on Lactoferrin Extraction Technology and Its Industrial Application) China Dairy Industry Association China National Committee of the International Dairy Federation2022 (19th) Top 10 Influential Brands of China's Science and Tech- nology Innovation World Brand LabOutstanding Dairy Processing Company 2022 Dairy Association of China High-quality Development Enterprise Award Dairy Association of China 2022 China Corporate Social Responsibility Development Index - Top 3 Dairy Products Industry Corporate Social Responsibility Blue Book (2022) research group, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences 2021-2022 Food Safety Conference Socially Responsible Enter - prises Organizing Committee of the 20th China Food Safety Conference The 7th Zhitong Finance Listed Company Award - Most Socially Responsible Listed Company Zhitong Finance Tonghuashun Finance2022 ESG Green Company Star Investment Times, Biaodian Finance 2022 Social Responsibility Award of the Year Gelonghui 2022 People's Corporate Social Responsibility Award-Rural Revitalization Award people.
cn People's Daily The 18th China Corporate Social Responsibility Forum-Responsible Enterprise of the Year 2022 China News Weekly, China News AgencySociety Innovation FEIHE 06 07 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT
Environmentally Friendly and Dedicated to the Ecological Cycle Promoting Shared Development and Prosperity Conducted more thanHas donated nearly RMB with a donation of more than RMBSupply area of raw and auxiliary materials covered more than 600 million in total million in 202238 RMB1, 000 business communicati on meet ings with distributor s Longjiang Education Charity Action covered schools in 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang Province, bene ting more than 280, 000 full-time teachers and 3. 3 million students Donated medical equipment worth RMB 5. 38 million to the eye charities activitiesSaved 2. 3934 million kW h of energy and reduced Saved 98, 000 tonnes of water respectivelyConducted activitie s on the Environmen - tal Prote ction Day, with participants 703 Invested RMB million 6. 3819 punishment caused by environmental violationReduced tonnes of COD emissions 83. 57 Completed improve- ment work for 13 suppliersConducted over major training exchanges for suppliers16 20 countries in 5 continents Tailai Plant and Jilin Plant have been certi ed as national and provincial green factories no Carried out sta 100 Conducted a total of anti-corruption training sessions for distributors26 0 16 corruption-related legal proceeding ReceivedOperating in Compliance for Steady and Long-term ProgressAchieved a 72-hour customer complaint resolution rate of with customer satisfaction rates exceeding, up from last year across all channels91. 4 4. 6 96 Invested a total of 493 RMB million in scienti c research Obtained the intellectual property manage- ment system certi cationGot 347 granted patents and 186 granted patents in 2022 Published 8 high-level SCI papers and in Chinese core journals3 papersNearly of suppliers 90 Assist ed ranch es to c omple te 3 external and internal ranch management evaluations12 Recruited fresh graduates, with from rst-class universities and higher learning institutions and international universities60 80 Introduced or above, of which hold bachelor or 53 Completed employee equity grants, 3 53 Employee training rate reached, with 100 O ered occupational health check-ups for 100 employees exposed to occupational disease hazards, and workplace safety training for 52. 8 hours Helped more than 131 employees and issued a total of more than in condolences6 million RMB5 factories earned ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certi cationtalents at the manager level 96 Putting People First and Enabling Shared AchievementsFeihe Quality, Healthy Future higher degreeswith a total of over equity shares grantedmillion of training per participant 100 employees, with a total investment of RMB 6. 303 million in workplace safety3, 133. 95 tonnes of CO 2 in environmental protection, withwere certi ed to ISO 9001 quality management system, FSSC 22000 food safety management system and ISO 22000 food safety manage- ment system Invested RMB 24 million in total in the Feihe Education and Teaching Support Program 8 modernized domestic factories and 1 Canadian factory passed CE (imported equipment) certi cation 100 certi cation of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system certi cation in domes- tic factories anti-corruption training sessions for the Board of Directors, manage- ment and employees, covering Key performances in 2022 08 09 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT
SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT Feihe has incorporated responsibility and commitment into the DNA of its corporate development and attaches great impor- tance to sustainable development management.
With the values of putting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellence, we pursue sustainability in five key areas quality innovation; shared industry prosperity; ecological cycle; people-oriented responsibility; love and care.
The opinions of stakeholders from all sectors have significant influence on the sustainable development work of Feihe.
Communication with Stakeholders Philosophy of Sustainability Major stakeholders Expectations and demands Our response Governments and regulatorsOperate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on timeAccept supervision ans assessment Participate in meetings and training organized by government and industry associa- tions Shareholders and investorsImprove returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market valueConvene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular an- nouncements Organize investor relations activities ConsumersProduce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication chan- nelsConduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualized traceability across the industry Industrial chain partnersAbide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growthCommunicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peersEngage in fair competition Boosting the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research withuniversi- ties EnvironmentalistsProtect the environment Use resources responsiblyBuild green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions EmployeesSafeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balance Build a multi-tiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees Communities Boost local economies Engage with the community Help those in needProvide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babiesSustainable Development Model Vision Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for familiesBring joy and health to familiesMission Values Action Principle Putting consumers first, actions before words, achieving win- win outcomes, and keeping improving Seeking sustainability in a more suitable way Taking on more suitable responsibilities with our best to benefit society Creating more suitable overall value to meet the needs and expectations of all stakeholdersFreshly extracted active nutrition, more suitable for Chinese babies Quality innovation Shared industry prosperity Ecological cycle People-oriented care Love and responsibilityBrand Positioning Key Areas 10 11 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORT
Feihe attaches importance to the environmental, social and gov- ernance (ESG) issues that are crucial to our sustainability with a commitment to high-level corporate governance; we strive to align ourselves to the best international and local corporate governance practices for the interests of shareholders, other in- vestors, customers, suppliers, employees and the public.
It takes full responsibility for the ESG strategy and reports, formulates and reviews policies and routine matters related to sustainability as well as the environment, social and corporate governance.
Also, it oversees important ESG matters that may affect the Company's business or operation and the rights and interests of shareholders and other stakeholders.
The Board of Directors evaluates, judges and ranks substantive issues that have a significant impact on the Company, discusses and determines sustainability priorities based on the external sustainability environment and the company's development strategy; it plays the regulatory role to review the progress and supervise the implementations.
This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2022 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2022.
Board StatementImportance to the CompanyLowMedium Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2022HighImportance to the Stakeholders Environmental Issues Social Issues Governance Issues119 108 76 2322 20 19 21181713 12 16 14155 423 1 11 1610 158 13 189 1476 12 17 12 13 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT ABOUT THIS REPORTMateriality Assessment To prepare this report, we followed the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, identified ESG issues and made materiality assessment to ensure compre- hensive coverage of the information disclosed in the report and the concerns of stakeholders.
We actively interacted and commu- nicated with all stakeholders, and made comparing analyses of topics as disclosed in the ESG report of companies of the same industry to identify the material ESG issues and define the boundary of this report.
The materiality assessment process is as follows 23 issues concerning environment, society and, corporate governance were identified.
They were col- lected from a broad range of sources, including the HKEX ESG Guide, GRI Stand- ards, internal policies and strategies, peer practices and an ESG rating system.
Senior management as- sessed the impact of the identified issues on our core business segments.
The issues were ranked based on their significance to stakeholders and to the stakeholder and to Feihe.
This ranking was represent- ed in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclo- sure.
The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2022 are determined as follows Medium Low 542 31Workplace safety Food quality and safety Responsible marketing Service quality manage- ment Compliant operation and productionPromoting industry development R&D and innovation Business ethics and anti-corruption Occupational health and safety Supplier management Employee Rights and well-being Waste recycling and management Career development and training Caring about employees Customer privacy management Water resource management GHG emissions and energy management Intellectual Property Protection232220 2119 Community investment and construction Response to climate change Ecological conservation Inclusive health education Charity activitiesHigh01 02 03 04
Establishing a Sound Governance StructureFighting Corruption and Advocating IntegrityStrengthening Risk Control1 2 31.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Feihe has diligently complied with national laws and reg- ulations, domestic and overseas regulatory requirements, including all relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, Cayman Islands Companies Law and the Corporate Governance Code of Appendix 14 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
We have comprehensively deployed and promoted the con- struction of a compliance management system.
Each committee is respon- sible for offering decision-making references and sugges- tions on major management matters to ensure the efficient operation of the Board of Directors.
The Company places emphasis on Board diversity and has established a Board Diversity Policy to ensure a balance of skills, experience, and diverse perspectives among Board members.
Our Board consists of 11 directors, including 4 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors and 4 independent non-executive directors who operate independently from the controlling shareholder in terms of management, operation and finance.
During the reporting pe- riod, the Company's Board of Directors held four meetings, with a director attendance rate of 96.
Board Members Name Age Gender Position Experience Skill Mr. LENG Youbin ( ) 54 MaleExecutive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerIndustry Expert Mr. LIU Hua ( ) 50 MaleExecutive Director, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial OfficerIndustry Expert, Financial Expert Mr. CAI Fangliang ( ) 54 Male Executive Director and President Industry Expert Ms. Judy Fong-Yee TU ( ) 47 FemaleExecutive Director, Vice President and Company SecretaryIndustry Expert, Legal Expert Mr. GAO Yu ( ) 49 Male Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Mr. CHEUNG Kwok Wah ( ) 58 Male Non-Executive Director Industry Expert Mr. Kingsley Kwok King CHAN ( 46 Male Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Mr. FAN Yonghong ( ) 55 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Financial Expert Ms. LIU Jinping ( ) 51 Female Independent Non-Executive Director Medical Expert Mr. Jacques Maurice LAFORGE 67 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Industry Expert Mr. SONG Jianwu ( ) 59 Male Independent Non-Executive Director Journalism Expert As outlined in our amended and restated memorandum and Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is responsible for a va- riety of key functions.
By summarizing the rules in operation practice, we respond to possible risks in production and operation, utilizing risk management and audit supervision to prevent major mistakes or losses and establish an efficient risk prevention and control mechanism.
Risk Management Feihe has established a risk management framework and related risk management system.
The Audit Committee is re- sponsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control system to ensure the effectiveness of the risk control system.
Our Crisis Management System of Feihe Dairy prioritiz- es risk prevention and focuses on early warnings, and clarifies the responsibilities of crisis management organization.
In the event of a crisis, our crisis management team works to diffuse risks, assesses the damage caused, and draws lessons to avoid similar issues in the future.
In 2022, Feihe constantly updates its risk framework in response to changes in the Company's internal and external environment, organiz- es quarterly risk identification and analysis for all employees, formulates risk event response measures and monitors the effectiveness of closed-loop management.
Nomination CommitteeRemuneration CommitteeAudit Committee ESG Committee Structure of the Board of DirectorsBoard of DirectorsStrengthening Risk Control Build a company-wide framework for strategic risk, market risk, operational risk, financial risk and legal risk, covering 34 primary risks, 127 secondary risks and 284 tertiary risks Collect quarterly risk events under the risk framework from all employees, practice first line of defense values, and im- prove their risk awareness Design and quantify procurement contract risk indicators around contract management, with ongoing risk reporting and monitoring of improvements through quarterly assessment of indicator data resultsRisk identification Risk assessment and response Classify the risk events and deal with them with different strategies and closed-loop management methods Regularly monitor the implementation to ensure that the risk is under control Audit and Supervision Feihe has established an internal audit system at the corporate governance level and is continuously working towards enhancing and refining the internal control system.
With re- gard to the internal audit system, the Company has formulated the Feihe Dairy Group Audit System, which outlines the audit and supervision scope for directors, senior management, various functional departments, wholly-owned or holding and participating companies with significant influence, and establishes relevant penalties for non-compliance at different levels.
In 2022, the Company revised the Group Authorization and Approval Rules, which comprehensively updated the detailed list of approval authority for each system, and strengthened the mechanism of responsibility for dedicated leaders in specific areas.
Guided by the basic principle of partic- ipating in each process and fulfilling their responsibilities in ac- cordance with regulations, we clarified the management require- ments of standardized use of the approval process and efficient communication, and continuously improved the standardized and reasonable authorization and approval mechanism.
In order to ensure the effective implementation of our systems and processes, we carried out implementation checks for each key business area and core business, Through this process, we ef- fectively identified relevant risks and hidden dangers and formu- lated measures aimed at improving business efficiency and up- grading management measures.
At the same time, the Company conducted special assessments and preliminary risk identification for fixed asset management, product development management, intangible asset management, intellectual property protection and information security management.
At the same time, we updated the Group Fixed Assets Management System to further ensure asset safety and con- sistency between the account and the assets.
The primary goal of this initiative is to en- sure the effectiveness of our internal control systems, identify any system deficiencies and opportunities for improvement as well as making recommendations on remedial measures and reviewing the implementation and enforcement of the measures.
The Company strictly complies with the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and other national policies and regulations as well as relevant laws and regulations in the regions where it operates, as well as the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China.
Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures for Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy and other internal policies continuously improve compliance performance and business ethics management.
The Company imposes internal economic and or administrative punishment for fraudulent activities based on their severity, and transfers suspect to the judicial authority as required.
During the reporting period, the Company did not receive any legal proceedings related to corruption.
In addition, Feihe is committed to creating a transparent procurement environment.
To this end, the Company has added transparent commitment clauses in supplier and distributor contracts.
These clauses aim to maintain a fair and orderly market competition order and ensure a clean and self-disciplined cooperative relationship.
Feihe conducts audits on suppliers periodically, and any violations of the relevant agreements will result in the suspension or termination of the cooperation.
Feihe has developed a comprehensive reporting and monitoring system that includes a smooth reporting channel for employees and partners to report corruption through telephone, email, and letter.
A dedicated team will conduct a comprehensive investigation into the reported matters or the compliance risk matters found in the regular assessment, and take corresponding punitive and control measures in a timely manner.
Reporting Process and Whistleblower Protection Preliminary examination Initiating complaints Collecting evidence Investigation report Feedback to senior levelsPreliminarily examine the reporting, e. g. whether the informant has evidence, clues and sources, to judge the feasibility to investigate and audit.
The task force analyses the key evidence, determines the investigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval.
The task force verifies and investigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evidence.
Report Processing Process Anti-Corruption Training Feihe is dedicated to promoting a culture of integrity.
We invited key customers in each region to participate in online policy promotion and compliance training meetings online to implement various policies.
In 2022, the Company conducted a total of 16 anti-corruption training sessions for all staff, including the board of directors, management and employees, with the coverage rate reaching 100.
In addition, we conducted a total of 26 special anti-corruption training sessions for distributors.
In this way, we further improved the efficiency of cross-departmental op- erations.
Anti-fraud responsibilities of Audit and Internal Control Center FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 18 19 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Feihe is dedicated to the infant formula field.
We are dedicated to conducting continuous product research and development and independent innovation to empower the develop- ment of China's dairy industry.
Safety and quality fundamentally guarantee Feihe's products.
Leveraging high-quality milk sources and strong research and development capabilities, Fei- he is committed to providing the most natural and pure nutrition in its formulas and provides infants and toddlers with a more suitable love.
FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREEnhancing Service ExperienceStrict Control of Product QualityCreating Intel- ligent EcologyBoosting Product Innovation2 1 3 4
We follow the European Hygienic Engineering and Design Guidelines (EHEDG), European Dairy Plant Design Standards, Germany Institute for Standardization norms and relevant domestic guidelines to promote the construction and certification of quality and food safety systems, and achieve 100 certification coverage of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system for our domestic factories.
During the reporting period, 8 modernized domestic factories and 1 Canadian factory earned the imported equipment (CE) certification, and we introduced a full set of German GEA production lines.
In addition, we place great importance on the implementation of WCM(World Class Manufacturing).
During the reporting period, we have completed 188 improvement projects and reported a revenue of RMB 48. 99 million.
During the reporting period, we conducted 183 quality and food safety training sessions, with 2, 854 participants and a cumulative duration of 479 hours.
In 2022, in accordance with relevant regulations and laws such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, based on production standards including the National Food Safety Standard Infant Formula (GB 10765-2021) and the National Food Safety Standard Formula for Older Infants (GB10766-2021), National Food Safety Standard Toddler Formula (GB 10767-2021), we added 15 quality management procedure documents such as the Quality Control Plan Management Procedure, the Food Protection Man - agement Procedure, the Microbiological Internal Assessment and Evaluation Procedure, the Cleaning and Disinfection Management Procedures and seven operation guidance documents such as the Compressed Air Quality Specification, the Specification for Sen - sory Release Evaluation of Row Materials and Products, the Dry Cleaning Management Specification to standardize the manage- ment of production, storage and transportation processes.
Process inspection Environmental inspection Third-party appraisal Identification and improve- ment On the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10766, GB 10767, and GB 19301, we monitor the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspect each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards.
Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process.
The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems, and reinforces good practice.
Milk Quality Inspection ProcessesQuality Management System100 certification coverage of ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system for our domestic factories Completed improvement projects 188Reported a revenue of RMB 48. 99 millionConducted quality and food safety training sessions 183Participants 2, 854 Feihe factory conducts monthly on-site inspections on microbial control of fresh milk, forage and feed management, veterinary medicine management, and withdrawal time control in pastures under its jurisdiction.
The audit team provides feedback to the pastures, and mon- itors and verifies the rectification progress, ensuring a safe milk source from pastures.
In 2022, Feihe completed three external and 12 internal pasture audits, and identified 219 problems, among which 206 were rectified.
On-site Management In 2022 Feihe completed 3 external and 12 internal pasture audits, and identified 219 problems, among which 206 were rectified 1 FI pillar Focused Improvement pillar-effectively control costs, reduce switching, improve efficiency, shorten the lead time for delivery, better completion of deliveries and support the fresh strategy.
AM pillar Autonomous maintenance pillar-organize front-line operators to participate in early-stage checks for abnormal problems and simple maintenance tasks.
Yellow Belt internal trainer internal trainer who is primarily responsible for offering coaching and training on group pathways.
Strict Control of Product Quality 22 23 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650. 1-2022 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limits for 41 Veterinary Medicines in Food and has developed a risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to the risk early warnings of chemical contaminants in milk and dairy products issued by the EU, WHO, FDA, Canadian Food Inspection Agency and other international organizations.
This plan is used to guide the quality control and management of raw milk and dairy products within our factory.
In addition, Feihe has established a veterinary medicine control system such as Operating Specifications and Process for Vets Team, Veterinary Medicine Purchase List and Allowed Use in Lactating Cows to strictly manage veterinary medicine and cattle health.
Our pasture strictly adheres to a rigorous protocol for the use of medicines, which includes purchasing medicine from the ap- proved veterinary medicine list.
The pasture regularly conducts veterinary medicine inventory to determine the use, inventory, and amount of incoming medicine to ensure that veterinary medicine are used accurately with detailed classifications.
It is strictly prohibited to cross-use veterinary medicines between lactating and non-lactating cows.
Furthermore, prescription medicines must be administered by a qualified veterinarian in each pasture.
If antimicrobial agents (except cephalospor- in suspension) are used during treatment, cows are transferred to a designated quarantine area and are only allowed to return to the main pen after they have been tested to ensure their milk is free of antibiotics and they have fully recovered from their illness.
At the same time, the third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiot- ic residues in raw milk.
In addition, we play music and provide massage for them to enhance their life quality.
In addition, we conduct regular animal welfare training and technical exchanges to enhance the skills and animal welfare awareness of our staff.
At the same time, we have standardized our product safety risk management process, conducting batch-by-batch testing of our products before they leave the factory, and carrying out annual product type inspec- tions for all products.
If any abnormality is found during these inspections, we immediately investigate any deviations, assess the risks and determine the best disposal plan to legally dispose of non-conforming products.
In 2022, we reported no product recall.
As of 2022, nearly 90 of Feihe's suppliers have achieved ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, or ISO 22000 certification.
At the same time, we refer to the requirements of national food safety regulations, and formulate 279 raw and auxiliary material standards based on the Supplier Approval and Re-evaluation Procedures and Procurement Contract Man - agement Standards.
Our daily management practices are designed to effectively avoid and control the potential risks of chemical contaminants and pathogenic bacteria from entering finished products through raw and auxiliary materials.
During the reporting pe- riod, we completed 34 updates of the risk monitoring plan for raw and auxiliary materials.
Suppliers with outstanding performance receive priority treatment and a greater share of orders, while those with poor delivery quality are investigated and required to make improvements, and sup- pliers who are unable to meet our requirements are eliminated from our list.
Product RecallSupplier Audit and Management Nearly 90 of Feihe' s suppliers have achieved ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, or ISO 22000 certification 9 Total Mixed Ration (TMR) is a feeding technique that mixes roughage, concentrates, minerals, vitamins and other additives to provide suffi- cient nutrition to meet the needs of cows.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe is committed to building an integrated, standardized, automated, collaborative, scene-based and data-driven all-channel dig- ital intelligent service model.
With this model, we provide comprehensive services to our customers through multiple platforms and build consumer trust.
We opened the official account of Star Mom, and held events such as the 47 N rare milk source exploration and China Baby Day activities, to provide consumers with scientifically backed parenting guidance, as well as customized family nutrition and health services.
Enhancing Service Experience Feihe attaches great importance to meeting the needs of our customers.
Consumer Engagement 47 N rare milk source exploration In 2022, Feihe held a rare milk source exploration activity with the theme of Presenting Leading Freshness with 60 Years of Dedica- tion.
We invited experts from all sectors to show the customs, landscape, technology and brand spirit of the 47 N from the perspec- tives of nature, humanities and technology.
The event highlights Feihe's 60 years of devotion to nurturing China's babies, taking from nature and giving back to nature.
The activity engaged 5. 5 billion posts on social media with 10. 71 million comments.
offline activities on themed traceability are held and attracted 339, 000 new customers.
The collection is a digital art- work with the blessing of Chinese mothers, which attracted the attention of nearly 4 million people on the day of launch and over 110, 000 consumers participated in the online application activity.
Adhering to the user first concept, we continue to improve the professional service capability of the platform and form an integrated ecological membership system.
As of December 31, 2022, Star Mom has attracted 58 million members in China, and 25 million followers.
Attracted the attention of nearly 4 million people on the day of launch Over 110, 000 consumers participated in the online application activityStar Mom has attracted 58 million membersFollowers 25 million Shine in the Future with Drops of Nutrition Baby Day EventFeihe's service on the official account of Star Mom 528 China Baby DayStar Mom Class Poster 26 27 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
At Feihe, we are committed to creating open communication channels with our customers and proactively addressing their expec- tations and demands.
In 2022, we sup- plemented and improved internal systems such as Feihe Dairy Group Complaint Handling Management Procedures, Complaint Sample Photography, Acquisition, Packaging and Mailing Requirements, Risk Identification and Tracking Management Mechanism, and Complaint Handling Time Limit Management Mechanism.
We also updated our complaint handling process, clearly defined the responsibilities and authority of each department, identified and tracked potential risks associated with complaints, and responded promptly to consumer complaints.
These efforts have resulted in the formation of a closed loop and efficient complaint management.
During the reporting peri- od, we identified 53 issues in five main areas complaints about gifts, points, products, sales and services, and address a total of 36 issues.
We also opened official accounts on various social media platforms such as Weibo, Xiaohongshu and TikTok to monitor public opinion in real-time, respond to customers' inquiries and provide solutions within 24 hours of receiving a complaint to ensure that all cases are closed within 72 hours.
In 2022, we achieved a 72-hour complaint closure rate of 91. 4, an increase of 4. 6 from last year.
In 2022, the customer satisfaction rates of all channels exceeded 96.
In addition, we have formulated internal advertising regulations ac- cording to the Advertising Law of the People 's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, standardized product promotion and responsible sales systems, and conducted compliance audits on the marketing slogans and advertising content.
At the same time, we have provided internal training courses on product knowledge, nutrition and parenting and sales tactics to ensure that consumers will not be misled by marketing, providing them with reli- able and accurate nutrition and health information.
Protection of Consumers' Rights and InterestsCollected feedback a total of 201 The customer satisfaction rates of all channels exceeded 96 Achieved a 72-hour complaint clo- sure rate of 91. 4 Completed service and busi- ness process optimizations 66 We abide by the Cybersecurity Law of the People 's Republic of China and created the Information Security Management Sys - tem, the Information Confidentiality Management System, and the Regulations for Personal Information Protection Manage - ment (for trial implementation) to clarify the principles of pri- vacy and information security management and the respon- sibilities of each department.
In 2022, we issued the Security Loopholes Management Rules (for trial implementation) and the Network and Information Security Incident Emergency Re - sponse Plan (for trial implementation) to integrate prevention and contingency measures into the information security man-agement system to effectively safeguard corporate informa- tion security.
During the reporting period, we registered no ma- jor information security incidents and received two informa- tion security notifications, which were promptly investigated and properly handled to mitigate any potential risks.
In 2022, we conducted three network security training sessions and one security emergency drill with the aim of improving information security management and raising awareness among all employees about information security protection.
The training sessions were designed to equip participants with security protection skills and to spread professional knowledge.
These sessions had a total of 579 participants.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe's Patents in 2022 We also conduct assessments of potential intellectual property risks associ- ated with each business module during actual business operations and for - mulate corresponding countermeasures.
In 2022, we performed both internal and external audits of our system and manager assessments.
As a result of these audits, we successfully passed the certification review conducted by Zhongzhi (Beijing) Certification Co., Ltd., and obtained the Intellectual Prop- erty Management System Certification.
Feihe continuously improves its intellectual property management system, respects R&D achievements, and encourages continuous innovation.
During the reporting period, we invested a total of RMB 493 million in scientific research.
Feihe has implemented the Enterprise Intellectual Property Management Stand - ards (GB T 29490-2013) throughout the Company.
We prioritize safeguarding our own intellectual property rights while maintaining a zero-tolerance policy for infringement of others' intellectual prop- erty rights.
Intellectual Property Management System Certification CertificateBoosting Product Innovation Intellectual Property ProtectionInvested a total of RMB 493 million in scientific research Patent TypeApplications in 2022Number of Grant- ed Patents in 2022Total Number of Granted Patents Invention Utility Model Industrial Design Total83 4 23 110 134 232 41 48 92 234 186 347Feihe Intellectual Property TrainingTo enhance the creation, application, and protection of in- tellectual property rights, we conducted intellectual property training sessions aimed at strengthening the capacity building of our intellectual property talents and enhancing the effec- tiveness of our intellectual property protection efforts.
During the reporting period, we conducted 12 IPR training sessions, with a total of 35 hours and over 600 participants.
Conducted 12 IPR training sessions Feihe attaches great importance to science and technology innovation, actively integrating and leveraging the advantag- es of its scientific research capabilities to create a supportive innovation ecosystem.
During the reporting period, we published eight high-level SCI (Science Citation Index) papers and three papers in key Chinese journals.
These papers cover a wide range of topics, including the functional nutrition composition of breast milk, clinical feeding of formula milk powder, functional ingredients of powdered formula and flavor of breast milk and powdered formula.
Our objective is to reinforce the core advantages of our products, address common challenges in the industry, proactively contribute to the development of China's dairy in- dustry, and lead the high-quality development of the industry.
In 2022, we started research on osteopontin (OPN) prepara- tion technology and detection method, with a focus on im- munity, brain power and mother-infant delivery.
Our efforts to promote the industrialization of lactoferrin have resulted in the successful establishment of the first domestic automated production line of lactoferrin.
By localizing the technology chain, we have addressed the cost challenges associated with domestic lactoferrin production.
Scientific Research Results Automated Lactoferrin Production Line Creating Intelligent Ecology Feihe is committed to leveraging the power of digital technology to drive development across all aspects of the company.
By transitioning our supply chain system from business-driven to data-driven, we are actively upgrad- ing our industry value chain with information technologies and data intelligence based management.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Table Feihe Smart Manufacturing Model Industrial equipment layerAutomation control layer Business execution layerWe adopted various types of advanced industrial production equipment, sensors, PLC10 control, transmission networks, and IoT gateways to collect, convert, gather, process, and calculate data, as well as perform necessary control.
Through a unified interface (such as OPC11, UA12) and according to the transmission protocol (such as industrial Ethernet transmis - sion protocol), we connect to the automation control system.
Through equipment monitoring and control systems (e. g. SCADA13, HMI14, etc.), we realized functions such as data ac- quisition, equipment control, measurement, parameter regu- lation and various types of signal alarms.
For example, SCADA is a computer-based automatic control system and automatic monitoring system that monitors and controls the network of operating equipment on site.
This consists of production execution systems such as MES15, LIMS16 and WMS17 that meet different industrial requirements and are responsible for tasks acquisition and assignment, and process execution.
In this process, it is necessary to request the various pa- rameters, variables, states and data required from systems or industrial equipment layer devices in the automation control layer to communicate with the field equipment, to realize automated data collection or even intelligent collection as well as reverse control via networks and various interfaces.
Operation management layerBusiness decision layer Through the enterprise data bus, the production system works together with the Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management system (PLM), Customer Re- lationship Management system (CRM), and Quality Manage- ment System (QMS) to enable collaborative management of the entire production process.
Leveraging the power of the Internet of Things, cloud computing, and big data analysis to establish an inter- active system between cyberspace and the physical world, which is highly reliable, scalable and real-time.
After layers of data collection, processing, storage, analysis and utilization, it can finally provide data foundation for the business decision layer (data middle office).
The business decision layer effectively integrates the existing data in the enterprise, and comprehensively displays and analyzes lean production data and smart supply chain data, which can be used to guide production and supply chain management and support enterprise business decisions.
Our intelligent supply chain capabilities and world-class manufacturing factories have garnered recognition from both domestic and international authorities and institutions.
In 2022, the intelligent manufacturing model has achieved its phased goals and is operating smoothly.
OPC OLE for Process Control, refers to the establishment of an interface standard for communication between industrial control system ap- plications to create a uniform data access specification between industrial control equipment and control software.
UA User-Agent, which identifies the application's operating system, version category and logo, CPU model, browser kernel and language, hardware information and related models, browser rendering engine, browser language, etc.
HMI Human Machine Interface, a medium for interaction and information exchange between the system and the user, which enables the conversion between the internal form of information and the human-acceptable form.
MES Manufacturing Execution System is a real-time computer software system, which can manage information, resources, behavior, inven- tory and distribution operations more perfectly and improve efficiency according to operational business rules and algorithms.
Laboratory information management system is an information management system that combines information technology with laboratory management requirements.
WMS Warehouse Management System is a real-time computer software system, which can manage information, resources, behavior, in- ventory and distribution operations more perfectly and improve efficiency according to operational business rules and algorithms.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
At Feihe, we hold our employees in the highest regard, and always place the protection of their rights and interests at the core of our talent work.
PUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMENTSDriving Employee DevelopmentProtecting the Rights and Interests of EmployeesCaring for EmployeesOccupational Health and Safety2 1 3 4
We strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People 's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People 's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Protection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People 's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to the place of operation.
Our human resources management framework comprises 24 policies and measures covering em- ployee relations, recruitment, training, performance, remuner- ation and benefits, and we have revised 19 of them in 2022.
In the recruitment process, we strictly follow the Law of the People 's Republic of China on the Protection of Minors, the Regulations on the Prohibition of Child Labor and other rele- vant laws and regulations.
Our recruitment policies prioritize equal and diverse employment opportunities, and we firmly denounce all forms of employment discrimination, treating employees of differing genders, ethnicities, regions, religious beliefs, and cultural backgrounds with equity and fairness.
Composition of Full-time Employees in 202218 Employees by genderMale employees 3, 834 Person Female employees 3, 025 Person Employees by typeFull-time employees 6, 859 Person Part-time employees 0 Person Employees by ageEmployees aged below 30 2, 416 Person Employees aged 30 - 50 4, 285 Person Employees aged above 50 158 Person Employees by regionEmployees overseas 389 Person Employees in Hong Kong 1 Person Employees in Chinese mainland 6, 859 Person Employees by edu- cation backgroundEmployees holding master's degree or above185 Person Employees holding bachelor's degree 2, 323 Person Employees holding associate degree 2, 833 Person Employees holding a high school diploma or below 1, 518 Person Total employees 7, 249 PersonProtecting the Rights and Interests of EmployeesTurnover Rate in 202219 Turnover by genderTurnover of male employees 20. 59 Turnover of female employees 19. 84 Turnover by ageTurnover of employees aged below 3030. 89 Turnover of employees aged 30 - 5014. 79 Turnover of employees aged above 5015. 79 Turnover by regionTurnover of employees in the Chinese mainland20. 25 Feihe strictly follows the Seven Principles in talent recruit- ment, and is committed to providing equal work opportunities for talents.
During the reporting period, we recruited 80 graduates, of which 60 were from first-class universities or international universities.
In addition, we implemented the social talent introduction program and introduced 53 people at the manager level or above, of which 96 hold a bache- lor's degree or higher.
Comprehen- sive exami- nationEqual op- portunity Internal priority Internal referral Suitable jobsRefusal of employee's relativesFair competi- tion and recruit on a selective basisFeihe's Seven Principles in Talent Recruit- ment In the F Star program, F refers to Feihe and the future.
It is a systematic training plan designed by Feihe for the management train- ees, which supports and guides them with a four-step four force model.
During the process, the management trainees are able to find out their own positioning and strengthen skills through practice projects.
During the reporting period, we completed three centralized training sessions, one cloud training session, seven sharing and exchange sessions, and two debriefing sessions.
F Star management trainee program Induction training for management trainees Rotation learning and debriefing of management trainees 18 The number of employees by gender, employment type, age and education does not include the number of overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe.
Employee turnover data does not include the overseas and HongKong employee turnover data of Feihe.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe constantly improves the remuneration and benefits system, clarifies the growth, promotion and career development path of each employee, and carries out comprehensive and multi-level training activities to improve the professional skills and profession- alism of employees.
As per the Remuneration Management Mechanism and Man - agement Measures, Feihe ensures scientific and fair remunera- tion management by setting separate fixed and variable income percentages for different systems and reasonable remuneration ranges for different levels of personnel, and ensures internal fairness of employee remuneration through differentiated, dy- namic and cyclical performance evaluation.
At the same time, we carry out annual industry remuneration surveys so that inter- nal remuneration increases are higher than the industry average, ensuring the external competitiveness of staff remuneration and attracting the best talent in the industry.
At Feihe, our performance management approach closely aligns with our annual strategic objectives.
Through objective management, process management, evaluation management and result application for the organiza- tion and individuals, we continue to motivate the organization, optimize performance, and improve employee capabilities and quality.
Feihe performance assessment systemRemuneration Incentives Objective Man- agementProcess Management Performance EvaluationResults ApplicationFeihe employs a top-down approach to break down objectives, a bottom-up objective management system supported by em- ployees to ensure consistency between employees' and organi- zational goals.
Organizational performance assessments are conducted on a quarterly basis, while employee performance assessments are carried out on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis, based on the characteristics of their positions.
The performance results are reflected in the current remunera- tion, as well as value allocation considerations, including medi- um and long-term stock incentives, grade adjustment, remuner- ation adjustment, training, merit evaluation, etc.
Corporate Strategy Corporate Mission Vision Objective Support Objective SupportStrategy Breakdown Objective BreakdownOrganizational Performance Management Individual Performance ManagementObjective Manage- ment Objective Management Results Applica- tionResults ApplicationProcess Man- agementProcess Manage- ment Perfor- mance Evalua- tion Performance EvaluationCorporate Strate- gic Objectives Sub-strat- egy 1Sub-strat- egy 2Sub-strat- egy 3 Feihe has implemented a long-term incentive plan utilizing stock incentives as the primary driver, covering both middle and high-level employees, as well as some exceptional pri- mary managers.
This approach has proven highly effective in promoting team cohesion, motivation, and a sense of be- longing among our workforce.
In 2022, we completed three stock grants according to the long-term incentive plan, and granted more than 53 million share options.
Feihe's employee incentive system Feihe attaches great importance to the construction of the talent ladder, and continues to optimize the promotion mechanism based on the qualification system.
Utilizing our five principles of promotion, we have created a growth channel that provides clear guidance, defined standards, and a standard process for career advancement.
Feihe's Five Promotion PrinciplesPromotion MechanismGranted share options more than 53 million Valuing performance and output 01 02 03 0405Combining sequential promotion and cross-ranking promotion In principle, employees are promoted in sequential order.
However, emplo-yees making contributions or posse-ssing ex- cellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings.
Employees can be promoted by transf-err- ing to different career directions apart from their planned career ladder and adjusting the growth channel and job cat- egory for all-round development.
Promotion and demotion Job transfer through promotionPromoting internal talents and outsidersIncentives Material incentive Cash Non-cash Stock Other benefit sSpiritual motivation Growth, achievement and significance Sense of belonging, honor and recognitionWage Bonu sDriving Employee Development 38 39 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
In 2022, we refined the evaluation criteria for qualification at each level, clarified the requirements for different levels and positions, and improved the professional quality and skills of our employees.
We optimized our employee promotion mechanisms, placing sig- nificant emphasis on pressure response, value contribution, and developability when assessing candidates for promotion.
We also emphasized the importance of creating value for the Company while leveraging the required professional ability for each posi- tion.
In 2022, we promoted 120 people to the manager level and above.
of middle-level manag- ers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 8 of business department managers and above were newly promoted.
Feihe takes responsibility of cultivating talents and are committed to continually improving our internal training mechanisms.
At the same time, we focused on improving training methods, and made efforts in the analysis of training needs, and the training results precipitation and publicity, and other key links, and built an online training platform to strengthen the training effect.
Training system - Feihe 3 2 4 learning ecology Path speed up the development of four guarantees, strengthen the PDCA management for two-level training, improve the three kinds of abilities for all employees at all levels, and finally create a 3 2 4 learning ecology.
Employee Training Summary Strategic needs To achieve the strategic goal of RMB 200 billion, we need to effectively unify ideology, fast train talent and inherit accurate experience.
Orientation Play the role of employee develop- ment advisor and business partner to achieve the goal of pooling tal- ents sharing the same vision at all levels.
In 2022, employees in Feihe received a total of 6, 859 training opportunities and 100 of them attended the training.
Our employees were trained for 362, 155. 2 hours in total and 52. 8 hours on average.
Feihe employee training systemA goal Two roles Three skills improved Two-level management Four guaranteeBrand-building connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmosphere with the help of new media Enriching resources selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesManagement and control Establishing a training quality control and effect assessment mechanism and applying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Support constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsLeadership collaborates with the training management team to drive project developmentPool talents sharing the same vision at all levels, and build a powerful organization Leadership Level-1 trainingLevel-2 trainingProfessional skillsGeneral skillsBusiness partner Employee development advisor In-house experience sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer's training Platform construction online learning resources; online training management System and process the system standardises the learning, and the process upgrades efficiency 20 Individual Development Plan (IDP) is a tool to help employees achieve personal and professional development.
Its main purpose is to help employees achieve their short and long-term career goals, as well as to improve their current job performance.
Employee training data does not include training data for overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe.
Newly appointedIncumbent 40 41 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
In 2022, Feihe launched the online learning platform Shining Star Feihe Academy.
During the reporting period, more than 5, 000 Feihe employees learned online in Shining Star Feihe Academy.
During the reporting period, we collected more than 10 feedback emails from employees, and all of them were resolved in a timely manner, ensuring that our employees received satisfactory responses to their concerns.
In 2022, we held two group-wide staff representative meetings.
At these meetings, our managers presented the Company' s strategy, and heads of business units and departments provided special motion reports.
Participants engaged in group discus- sions related to strategy implementation and thematic propos- als, offering valuable opinions and suggestions.
Employees participated deeply in the Company' s business management.
The proposals were finally implemented after they are circulated among all employees.
Offers sharing, livestreaming, points rewarding and other functions to create popular interaction func- tions Uses the functions of signing in for training and exam evaluation to keep track of employees' learn- ing and strengthen training managementIn 2022, we launched Management Training Program (MTP) courses for middle managers of all systems, aiming to im- prove the management awareness and capability of middle managers.
During the reporting period, we completed 23 online and offline courses, summarized more than 20 man- agement cases, and printed the Feihe MTP Management Record Manual.
Feihe MTP Management Practice Camp Feihe Management Improvement and Innovation Practice ProjectCompleted online and offline courses 23Summarized management cases more than 20 Selected Management Quotations from Outstanding StudentsThe meaning of leadership is re- flected in how you use your own abilities to tap into the potential of others.
Hao Qiao, Sales Department North 1 RegionIt takes an excellent self to lead an extraordinary team.
Chen Pengfei, Production De- partmentEverything is met with active re- sponse, and everything has an echo.
Zhao Xinliang, Husbandry Com- pany A failed team has no successful member, while a successful team makes everyone successful!
Li Wenying, Quality CenterThe goal must be reached with efforts.
Li Kai, Production DepartmentListen to both sides and you will be enlightened; heed only one side and you will be benighted.
Hu Dandan, Supply Chain CenterPerformance appraisal can help managers to observe the desired behaviour of the managers.
Zheng Kecheng, Sales Depart- ment East 1 RegionOnly when the subordinates are more excellent can we say that the management is successful.
Xu Jiawang, Production Depart- mentResolving staff disagreements re - quires first avoiding cattle - penning cattle - leading cattle - bolting cattle Lan Guojian, Husbandry Com- panyThe simpler the management, the better, but not at the expense of quality!
Zhu Ningbiao, Finance CenterThe achievements of good results must lie in good process control.
Wang Tiejun, Sales Depart- ment North 1 Region Management is a kind of practice, and its essence lies not in knowl- edge but in action.
Liu Baozhu, Production De- partmentIf the benefits far outweigh the costs and risks, we should take ac- tion; To act or not to act, don't just make half efforts or compromise.
Zhang Jing, Husbandry Com- pany Though the goal might be unat- tainable, performance paves the road.
Shao Hailong, Sales Depart- ment Central 2 RegionLearners, inherit the future.
Qing Xi, Husbandry CompanyFunctions Marketing Production Husbandry 42 43 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe places the utmost importance on the health and safety of our employees, making it a top priority in all of our operations.
In 2022, we updated management measures such as Fire Protection System Control Management and Emergency Procedures, Environmental Protection, Health and Safety Incident Accident Reporting and Investigation Procedures, and in- vested RMB 6, 300, 300 in workplace safety to continuously improve the workplace safety management responsibility system.
In addition, we continue to promote the certification of our workplace safety system.
During the reporting period, five of our eight factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification.
Table Occupational Health at Feihe22 Feihe's Safety Culture Activities23Indicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Number of work-related fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 Number of working days lost due to work-related injuryDay 170 646 64 In addition, in order to create a safety culture and raise employ- ees' awareness of workplace safety, we conduct a variety of safety training and promotion activities, offering a total of 156 hours of training per employee, with 100 coverage.
All em- ployees (with the management team as the core) have signed an annual safety responsibility letter.
Through monthly behavior observation and safety sharing activities, we proactively identify and rectify violations and safety hazards, cultivating a culture of safety within our factory.
At the same time, we ensured that 100 of our em- ployees exposed to occupational hazards underwent occupa - tional health checks.
Occupational health checks cover employees exposed to occupational hazards 100 Factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification 5 Training per employee 156 hoursCoverage 100 Occupational Health Week Activities Environmental Protection Day Activities Fire Control Day Activities Safety Month ActivitiesOccupational Health and Safety 22 Occupational health-related data does not include data on Feihe employees in overseas and HongKong regions.
Data relating to safety training and activities does not include data for overseas and HongKong employees of Feihe.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
In accordance with national laws and regulations and indus- try standards, Feihe has established the Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards, the Feihe Dairy Safe and Civilized Construction Management Measures, and other internal management standards.
We implemented a one-vote veto system for major casualties to ensure work- place safety and compliance.
For high-risk operations, we conducted risk prediction and verification of on-site operation standardiza- tion in advance, and implemented a permit system for special operations to minimize the risk of production operations.
In terms of risk control, we use graphene insulation boards with a Class A fire control rating for the external walls of our cafeteria, thereby eliminating fire hazards.
In terms of safety inspection, we conduct a daily safety inspection, quarterly special inspection and a comprehensive safety risk inspection before festivals.
In 2022, we developed a comprehensive risk identification process and methodology for each of our factories under the coordination of the Production Department.
We identified key risks, formulated corresponding rectification plans, and im- plemented necessary rectification actions.
In the EHS system workshop, we conducted risk alignment and unification for the main departments of our factories, including the production department.
The output of this exercise served as a reference for each factory to improve their respective risk control lists.
We or- ganized heart-warming activities to provide assistance to fam- ilies of front-line employees at the grassroots level who facing special hardship, such as those with a per capita income below the local minimum remuneration level, immediate family mem- bers suffering from serious illnesses, or those affected by major disasters.
During the reporting period, we provided assistance to 131 families of employees facing hardship.
As of December 31, 2022, the Love Foundation has granted nearly RMB six mil- lion in allowances, of which nearly RMB 1. 5 million was granted during heart-warming activities.
Feihe attaches great importance to employees' sense of belonging and happiness, and carries out various employee care activities to protect the physical and mental health of all employees.
Characteristic employee care activities on holidaysCaring for Employees Caring for Employees The Love Foundation has granted nearly RMB 6 million in allowancesProvided assistance families of employees facing hardship 131 There was 46 47 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Purchase Anti-pandemic Necessities Feihe also holds a variety of cultural and sports activities, such as badminton tournaments, yoga classes, Feihe Cup fat burning competition, etc., to enrich the cultural life of employees, to protect the physical and mental health of employees, and to inject new vitality into the Company.
Various Cultural and Sports ActivitiesIn addition, during the COVID-19 pandemic period, Feihe pro- vided necessities for employees and condolence subsidies, with a total of more than 2, 300 condolence visits and a dis- tribution of subsidy and necessity packages worth more than RMB 1 million.
Condolence visits more than 2, 300Necessity packages worth more than RMB 1million Feihe attaches importance to the cultural development and inheritance of the team.
Essays were submitted a total of 1, 087Exceeding the target by 264 Developing Corporate Culture In 2022, Feihe held a 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion activity.
The aim is to optimize the content description of the cultural behavior guide system, accelerate Feihe's strategic culture-focused behavior transformation, and improve organizational capabilities.
In the activity, employees shared examples of positive and negative behaviors that match Feihe's values in their actual work.
They jointly completed the compilation of the Feihe Culture Manual, which provides an in-depth interpretation and refine- ment description of Feihe's values, aligning Feihe's values and employees' work behaviors in knowledge and practice.
In 2022, Feihe held an essay contest for all employees, aiming to review its development history and convey the spirit of Feihe.
The essay contest was carried out through multiple channels, and employees from all systems were mobilized to submit es- says.
A total of 1, 087 essays were submitted, exceeding the tar- get by 264, and finally 30 outstanding essays were selected.
We compiled a beautiful booklet of nearly 50, 000 words, Mo- ments over the Past Six Decades, as a special tribute to Feihe's 60 years of development.
It serves as the epitome of countless hard workers at Feihe.
Feihe's 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion Activity and Results Moments over the Past Six Decades Commemorative Essay Collec- tionFeihe's 60th Anniversary Cultural Behavior Discussion Me and My Feihe 60th Anniversary Theme Essay Contest 48 49 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Climate change is a significant global challenge that mankind is facing today.
ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEKey Environmental Performance Fulfilling the in Green ProductionImproving Environment Protection System Advocating Green OfficeImplementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Practicing Green Construction1 42 53 6
Feihe's Key Environmental Performance in 2022 Indicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Waste gasTotal exhaust emissionsm31, 711, 320, 300 1, 127, 569, 862. 05 621, 748, 140. 50 SO2 emissions Tonne 26. 22 59. 78 5. 14 NOx emissions Tonne 144. 69 101. 85 25. 52 PM emissions Tonne 18. 17 15. 98 6. 65 Smoke emissions Tonne 5. 28 16. 19 5. 93 Waste waterTotal domestic and industrial waste water discharge10, 000 tonnes 191. 26 267. 49 274. 11 COD emissions Tonne 148. 08 100. 60 80. 52 BOD emissions Tonne 27. 00 25. 22 23. 52 Ammonia nitrogen emissionsTonne 10. 47 17. 84 4. 00 Green- house gas(GHG) emissionsTotal 10, 000 tonnes 15. 55 56. 92 18. 56 Scope 1 10, 000 tonnes 8. 52 46. 41 11. 93 Scope 2 10, 000 tonnes 7. 1 3 10. 51 6. 64 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions per unitTonne RMB ten thousand0. 084 0. 25 0. 087 Hazard- ous wasteAbandoned labo- ratory flasksTonne 9. 45 11. 85 8. 94 Liquid discharge Tonne 11. 72 13. 77 11. 01 Waste engine oil Tonne 1. 33 2. 30 3. 25 Hazard- ous waste total and densityTotal Tonne 22. 50 27. 92 25. 44 DensityTonne RMB ten thousand0. 0000121 0. 0000123 0. 0000119 Domes- tic solid wasteOffice wastepaper Tonne 0. 73 22. 77 29. 57 Kitchen waste Tonne 65. 91 32. 18 36. 95 Other Tonne 763. 68 629. 59 1156. 87 Total industri- al solid wasteAsh Tonne 430. 142 377. 63 114. 89 Slag Tonne 8, 554. 61 5, 154. 06 1, 051. 05 Sludge Tonne 3. 01 6. 20 94. 17 Key Environmental PerformanceIndicator Unit 2020 2021 2022 Gener- al solid waste total and densityTotal Tonne 9, 871. 34 6, 222. 43 2, 438. 49 DensityTonne RMB ten thousand0. 0053 0. 0027 0. 0012 Energy consump- tion Electricity 10, 000 kWh 8, 791. 88 9, 496. 59 6, 883. 22 Coal Tonne 32, 897. 17 20, 345. 03 3, 991. 22 Diesel Liters 91, 109. 89 59, 656. 50 48, 467. 47 Natural gas10, 000 standard m33, 884. 03 4, 809. 75 5, 065. 68 Steam Tonne 541, 714. 26 787, 070. 69 737, 467. 56 Total compre- hensive energy consumption10, 000 tonnes of standard coal15. 59 17. 69 17. 16 Comprehensive energy consump- tion per unitTonne standard coal RMB ten thousand0. 084 0. 078 0. 081 Water con- sumptionTotal office and industrial water consumption10, 000 tonnes 188. 19 325. 70 326. 32 Water consumption per unitTonne RMB ten thousand1. 012 1. 430 1. 531 Reduction of COD emissionsTonne 1, 998. 40 1, 144. 61 83. 57 Packaging material consump- tionPaper, cardboard Tonne 20, 208 18, 924 18, 065. 16 Iron Tonne 29, 550 22, 549 37, 526. 02 Plastic Tonne 7, 884 7, 152 9, 844. 82 Total Tonne 57, 696 48, 626 65, 436. 01 Notes 1.
Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People 's Republic of China.
After adjustment, we traced and updated some of the data for 2021. 3.
Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consump - tion GB T2589-2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water.
GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission.
Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power.
Notes on the statistical method In 2022, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from seven factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co. Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, Tailai Factory and Shanxi Factory.
Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environment Protection of the PRC.
Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including coal, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power.
GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels combustion and emissions from wastewater treatment and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe has fully implemented the guiding ideology that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets and is proactively re- sponding to the national commitment to peaking carbon dioxide emissions before 2030 and achieving carbon neutrality before 2060.
Feihe assumes the responsibility of leading the decarbonization transformation of China' s dairy industry.
Feihe has identified the risks posed by climate change to the enterprise, including both transformation and physical risks, and has taken response actions accordingly.
Climate Risk Identification As a leader in the dairy industry, Feihe is actively engaged in global initiatives to address climate change and is committed to creating long-term stable, corporate value while promoting harmonious development of the environment and society.
Implementing Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Actions Risk Cate- goryRisk Risk Description Response Transition riskPolicy riskThe future national energy mix will shift to non-fossil energy sources, and energy use will shift to low-emission sources.
The risks and financial impact associated with policy changes depend on the nature and timing of the policy changes.
As climate change becomes increasingly ur- gent, regulators are placing greater emphasis on accurate environmental data disclosure by companies, especially with the implementation of carbon trading and environmental taxes.
Market riskAs a result of factors such as government pub- licity and advocacy, carbon neutrality commit- ments and energy planning, there has been a rise in awareness among residents, industrial customers and investors on the energy demand side regarding the use of clean energy.
Technology riskGovernments generally encourage technolog- ical improvements or innovations that help in transitioning to a low-carbon, energy-efficient economic system, and these developments can significantly impact organizations.
Physical riskAcute physi- cal riskThe intensification of extreme weather events such as typhoons, hurricanes, floods, heavy rainfall and extremely hot weather may dam- age factory discharge facilities, threaten the safety of the water environment, and affect the stability of production and operation.
Chronic physical riskPersistent high temperatures and water short- ages can increase the risk of heat stroke for em- ployees and affect factory productivity.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe continues to improve the environmental system.
In 2022, Feihe was committed to establishing sustainable green factory and reducing the impact on the envi- ronment in the production stage.
Feihe's Application for Green Factory Certification Feihe headquarters and factories implemented regulations for the management of water, electricity and natural gas con- sumption in production, service, office, and living areas.
At the same time, we established and improved assessment mecha - nisms to evaluate departments that use excessive amounts of water and electricity.
The aim is to eliminate wasteful consump- tion of various energy sources such as electricity, water, oil, and to prevent running, overflowing, dripping, and leakage.
Our ecological restoration and improvement work was completed in full with high quality, and we have passed the environment protection acceptance.
In 2022, Fei- he's investment in environmental protection totaled RMB 6. 3819 million, and we received no punishment due to environmental compliance violations.
In the future, Feihe will reasonably set medium and long-term environmental targets that are tailored to the Company 's spe - cific conditions.
These targets will include emission, energy, and water consumption targets, and will be achieved through the implementation of appropriate emission and consumption reduction initiatives.
Tailai Factory Jilin Factory Kedong Factory, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory and Baiquan Factory (materials submitted, application not yet approved)Improving Environment Protection System National Green Factory Certi- fication Provincial Green Factory Certification Energy Targets Water Consumption Targets Optimize production and R&D facilities to improve productivity Build an energy-efficient clean energy system and comprehen- sively promote the application of new energy sources such as photovoltaic powerActively implement water conservation measures and apply advanced tech- nologies to increase the comprehensive utilization rate of water resources Strengthen water conser- vation publicity and advo- cacy, and raise employees' awareness of water con- servationEmission Targets Strengthen carbon emission monitoring in production and daily operations, actively car- ry out energy saving and emission reduction actions, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower total carbon emissions Standardize emission management process- es and standards, innovate green production processes and dispose of emissions properly Increase the recycling of packaging materi- als, reduce per unit disposal of both hazard- ous and non-hazardous waste generated in the manufacturing process and constantly improve the level of waste management Feihe upholds the concept of green production, optimizes risk control in the production process, and is committed to establishing a sustainable green factory.
Feihe strictly abides by the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Energy Conservation and other laws and regulations, con- stantly increases the efficiency of resource utilization and explores energy conservation and emission reduction technologies.
The Company has implemented a systematic approach to resource management, establishing specialized statistical ledger to track electricity, natural gas, gasoline, and other resource usages, while monitoring and regularly reviewing energy consumption across all aspects of operations.
Among them, 169. 7 tonnes of steam were saved through the CIP skill reduction group at the Baiquan Factory, and the natural gas reduction group and CO2 reduc- tion group were established at the Tailai Factory, with annual savings of 29, 131 cubic meters of natural gas and 128. 19 tonnes of CO2.
Condensate water collection tanks were installed in the factory, so that the condensate water was pumped into the water purification unit to warm up the softened water.
Longjiang Factory condensate water recovery and renovation pro- jectFulfilling the in Green Production Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Longjiang Factory energy conservation and emission reduction actionEnergy Conservation and Consumption Reduction Actions by Feihe Factories in 2022 Saving a total of 2, 393, 400 kW h Reducing equivalent emissions 3, 133. 97 tonnes of CO2 Pure water produced 22 tonnes hourIncreased 30 tonnes hour Kedong Factory Boiler heat recovery A3 Project Deaerator heat recovery A3 Project Air compressor energy con- sumption reduction projectGannan Factory Electricity consumption rush- hour energy conservation Boiler cleaning for natural gas conservation Waste heat recovery Transformer capacity reduction technology reform 56 57 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Highlights in Water Conservation Measures of Feihe's FactoriesFeihe strictly abides by the Water Law of the People 's Republic of China and constantly strengthens water conservation manage- ment throughout the entire process of water source, extraction and utilization in production units.
In its daily work, Feihe actively takes measures such as multiple uses, water recycling and processes adjustment to continuously reduce the unit consumption of water and improve the overall efficiency of water resources utilization.
At the same time, each factory is equipped with an inde- pendent sewage treatment factory and is connected to the city sewage pipeline.
The sewage is discharged to the city sewage treat- ment factory after treatment to avoid the negative impact of sewage on the environment.
In 2022, Feihe factories actively carried out water conservation measures and achieved fruitful results, with a total water conserva- tion of about 98, 000 tonnes in each factory.
Water Resources Management Gannan FactoryCarried out a centralized condensate water recovery project in peripheral scattered areas, saving 815 tonnes of steam in a heating seasonBaiquan FactoryEstablished CIP (Cleaning In Place) energy conservation and emission reduction team to reduce full cleaning before production to reduce consumption, saving 83, 020 kWh of electricity, 1, 155 tonnes of water, 78, 399. 99 cubic meters of natural gas and 11. 375 tonnes of acid and alkali in 2022 Longjiang FactoryCarried out water recycling project for the top water before mixing, saving 8, 760 tonnes of water per yearJilin FactoryCarried out water treatment and pure water preparation capacity improvement project to reduce fresh water usage, saving about 7. 88 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out fire control water test time reduction project, with test time reduced from 40 minutes to 10 minutes, saving about 1. 2 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out the project of reducing water consumption in production to reduce the frequency of cleaning and water consumption, saving about 3. 15 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out the project of using evaporator condensate water for milk cart pre-cleaning to save water for milk cart cleaning, saving about 1. 48 tonnes of water in 2022 Carried out deuterium oxide reuse projects, including cleaning, cool water tower, boiler tank deu- terium oxide reuse, etc., saving about 0. 24 tonnes of water in 2022 Kedong FactorySet up a water treatment water production rate improvement team to increase water production per hour from 28 tonnes to 33 tonnes, saving about 90 kWh of electricity per day after improvement Formed the evaporator start-up and shutdown standardization group to reduce the evaporator start-up time from 67 minutes to 40 minutes and save water, electricity and other related energy consumption, saving about 77 kWh of electricity per day after improvementFeihe has integrated its green development into all stages of production and operation.
In our commitment to pollution prevention and control, we strictly monitor and control the production and discharge of wastewater, exhaust, waste in the production process, so as to properly dispose of all emissions.
Feihe strictly complies with the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Environmental Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pol - lution and the Law of the People 's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment, and follows the prevention and control principles of reduction, recycling and harmlessness.
During the construction and operation phases, we minimize the generation and discharge of waste and strive to reduce the negative impact on the environment to the maximum extent possible.
Emissions Management Wastewater Discharge Waste Discharge Feihe's specific solid waste treatment measures It strictly prohibits the direct dumping of hazardous chemical waste into the sewer.
Each department is required to store hazardous waste in designated barrels or bins.
The EHS department conducts monthly on-site inspections of the ledger with the custodian of the hazardous waste depot of the storage and supply department to update the company-level hazardous waste list.
When the storage of hazardous waste reaches 80 of the storage capacity of the depot, the depot custodian submits the Hazardous Waste Transfer Plan Form to the EHS department and applies for hazardous waste transfer treatment.
The barrels boxes are labeled with hazardous waste recycling labels.
When the waste reaches a certain capacity, the hazardous waste storehouse custodian of the storage and transportation supply department will sort and place the haz- ardous waste according to the labels, fill in the Hazardous Waste Entry and Exit Ledger and then transport them to the hazardous waste recycling station for recycling and storage.
The EHS department will entrust a qualified third-party company to transport and dispose of the hazardous waste after the local environment protection bureau handles the hazardous waste disposal forms, and the solid waste will be treated harmlessly on a regular basis.
COD emission reduction reached 83. 57 tonnesWe have installed advanced sewage treatment equipment to reduce the impact of water pollution on the environment, improve water quality, and the surrounding environment for enterprises, cit- ies, rural areas, etc.
In 2022, Feihe's COD emission reduction reached 83. 57 tonnes.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environment Protection, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Air Pollution, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Im - pact Assessment, and regional atmospheric emission standards.
In addition, we actively explore new technologies for air pollution management, effectively identify and control each exhaust gas in the production process, and increase the level of air pollution management.
Exhaust ManagementIn 2022, Feihe reduced the waste caused by the transportation and use of barrels of oil by using tank trucks for transportation and storage tanks for storage.
Oil tank truck transportationUpgraded transportation method for barrels of oilGannan Galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) packaging improvement and upgradeFeihe waste disposal measures Domestic waste It was piled up in the garbage bin on site, and was cleared out of the site by the local municipal sanita- tion vehicle at a fixed time every week.
Construction waste The construction unit classified and piled the construction wastes in a unified way, and the on-site construction personnel recycled and reused the waste materials after continuous selection.
Non-reusable waste It was collected by the construction unit in a unified way and repurchased by the waste recycling station.
These regulations include specific management measures for noise control, reduction of vehicle emissions, dust management, and other environmental issues.
Each factory is required to strictly implement these measures.
Feihe fully considers the impact of noise on the surrounding living environment.
In terms of machinery selection, we select low-noise machinery or equip them with noise reduction devices to effectively reduce noise pollution at the source.
Feihe ensures that all construction vehicles comply with national inspection requirements and pass the 2022 exhaust tests to obtain certificates of conformity.
Other than heavy vehicles, such as cranes and concrete tankers, we require the use of electric drives to reduce vehicle exhaust emissions.
At the same time, We prioritize the maintenance of construction machinery and transportation vehicles, and strictly prohibit the use of overloaded diesel-fueled construction machinery to minimize emissions of exhaust and particulate matter.
During the construction period, we cover exposed ground, earthwork, gravel and cement with dustproof nets and suppress them with water sprinkling carts on roads and construction areas from time to time throughout the day.
Noise Management Vehicle Management Dust ManagementFeihe noise management measures Machinery generating intense noise on the construction site must be sealed in sheds to reduce the spread of intense noise.
In densely populated areas, work hours are strictly controlled night work does not occur later than 22 00, and morning work does not occur earlier than 06 00.
If continuous operation or night operation is unavoidable under special circum- stances, noise reduction measures must be taken as much as possible.
Before construction, we warn nearby residents and send notices of construction to related departments and bureaus.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Advocating Green Office Feihe has fully promoted the concept of a low-carbon office, and established the philosophy of environmental protection and conser- vation.
In 2022, in order to enhance employees' awareness of environmental protection, Feihe held Environment Protection Day activities themed Building a Clean and Beautiful World with 703 participants.
The activities mainly included thematic painting, environment protection food recording, factory cleaning, banners hanging, etc.
Feihe' s low-carbon office measures Saving office electricity Participants 703 Feihe green office duplex printing sign Environment Protection Day activities themed Building a Clean and Beautiful World Advocating paperless office Save office electricity and promote the use of ener- gy-saving lamps as well as solar street lamps and solar water heaters.
Install multiple switches, to turn on lights only in sections where they are needed; Equipment, such as computers and printers, is turned off during lunch breaks and after work.
Air conditioners are used less frequently and increase the equipment temperature if possible.
Place reminders for energy conservation.
The office purchases duplex printers to save pa- per in the office.
For non-essential standard documents that need to be printed, the page and font size are set to improve the content capacity of the paper.
China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe has extended its own sustainable development requirements to the upstream and downstream supply chains.
At the same time, Feihe places significant emphasis on fulfill- ing its social responsibility as a prerequisite and basis for long-term corporate develop- ment.
As such, the company actively engages in charitable activities that cater to diverse groups, with a particular focus on benefiting mothers, children, and the wider society.
At the same time, we proactively encourage suppliers to fulfill their social and environmental responsibilities by fostering procurement integrity and ad- ministering supplier empowerment training.
Feihe has developed and implemented internal rules and regulations such as Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement, Strategic Supplier Development and Management Process, etc.
These initiatives aim to implement graded and differentiated man- agement of suppliers from supplier access, daily management, performance evaluation, and to establish a perfect quality man- agement system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply.
Supplier AccessFeihe continues to improve the Potential Supplier Management Process, requiring suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements.
Our approach involves conducting comprehensive surveys and analyses of potential suppliers, utilizing preliminary supplier questionnaires, to enhance their reputation, supply risk, and willingness to cooperate, allowing us to facilitate development ac- cess work.
Feihe has developed a rigorous business and approval process based on relevant business, and has provided training and authorization management for employees.
Supplier EvaluationFeihe has improved its performance evaluation mechanism for suppliers by establishing and implementing a supplier evaluation process.
Feihe evaluates the comprehensive performance of suppliers based on their monthly and an- nual performance.
Supplier With- drawalFeihe implements a positive incentive mechanism for suppliers who with good performance.
If a supplier fails to improve, they will be included in our elimination list.
At the same time, we require all partners to comply with regulations on environment protection, health and safety, labor rights and in- terests, and business ethics, and to sign a commitment letter with us on environment protection, business ethics, and other codes of conduct.
Through the implementation of the code, we effectively communicate the requirements of Feihe' s sustainable devel- opment to our upstream and downstream partners, establish a shared understanding of sustainability, promote the adoption of a unified code of conduct, and effectively promote the sustainable development of the entire supply chain.
The main topics in the Supplier Code of ConductTotal number of suppliers 211Number of Chinese mainland suppliers 138 Conducted large-scale training exchanges for our suppliers more than 16 Completed improvement work for 13 suppliersNumber of overseas suppliers 73As of December 31, 2022 Feihe attaches importance to supplier communication and training.
This includes exchanging industry information, analyzing market situations, interacting on innovation information, conducting project management training, and sharing professional technology knowl- edge.
Our aim is to empower the company 's development and es- tablish a robust ecological chain.
In 2022, we conducted more than 16 large-scale training exchanges for our suppliers.
At the same time, we implemented improvement plans through factory-based guidance, on-site audits, and special improvement projects across various dimensions such as hardware and equipment, personnel management, implementation, and risk management of suppliers.
In 2022, we have completed improvement work for 13 suppliers by carrying out supplier focus management to further ensure the con- tinuous improvement of supply ecology and capability.
Supplier Training Compliance with environmental laws and regula- tions Environmental man- agement Resource conser- vation Waste manage- ment Environment Health and SafetyOccupational dis- ease protection Healthy and safe working environ- ment Business EthicsAnti-corruption Anti-unfair com- petition Anti-commercial bribery Gifts and hospi- tality Labor RightsAnti-discrimina- tion Human rights guarantees Eliminate child labor Prohibit forced labor 66 67 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe is committed to establishing a sustainable development platform, and strives to build a sustainable industry chain.
These principles include business channels, business strength, business philosophy, self-governance, in- dustry experience and willingness to cooperate.
Feihe also in- creased the background investigation of the on-site distributors through the independent third-party institutions at the entry stage, allowing us to gain insights into the actual situation of distributors in all aspects.
The system evaluates and ranks distributors based on three indicators quarterly sales, service and market health.
The Company held business communication meetings with distributors who are ranked low and conducted targeted coun- seling to help them improve their performance.
In our efforts to establish a sustainable industry chain, Feihe collaborated with distributors to create a sustainable develop- ment platform.
In 2022, Feihe conducted more than 1, 000 business communication meetings with distributors.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, we collaborated with distributors to visit markets and carry out integration activities to overcome chal- lenges together.
In 2022, Feihe raw and auxiliary materials were sourced from more than 20 countries across five continents; key imported materials such as desalted whey powder, skimmed powder, lactoferrin, lactose, etc., were sourced from the Netherlands, Germany, France, Finland, Ireland, the United States, Denmark, New Zealand and Australia.
At the same time, We continuously adjust our supply model in response to changes in the dairy supply and demand market, as well as the international economic and political situation to disperse the protection risks.
Feihe conducts annual supplier risk identifications and assessments of environmental risks, labor health and safety risks, and ethical risks, and strengthens supplier risk control through strict requirements and on-site visits.
Supplier Risk Management Our procurement structure is composed of a development group, an order group, and a management group.
The pro- curement department formulates a strict business and approval process, based on relevant business practices, and provides comprehensive training and conducts authorization management to employees; We require confidentiality agreements to be signed during the pre-development period of new suppliers and projects to protect our proprietary information, such as the Company's formula and technology; Our contracts are signed only after rigorous online inquiries, price comparisons, bidding, and negotiations to ensure that we are adhering to regulations and that the process is open and transparent; We include anti-corruption clauses in our contracts that require suppliers to comply with all relevant laws, regulations, codes of conduct, and standards.
Feihe supplier risk control measures include the followingFeihe has conducted a series of studies on breast milk, including a systematic review and meta-analysis of literature on the nutritional and functional components of breast milk and breast milk flavoring substances.
As of December 31, 2022, the database has included 2, 115 breast milk samples and with more than 14, 000 detected active ingredients, including breast milk proteome, lipidome, oligosaccha- ride, metabolome, ionome, peptide group, flavor substances and ex- osomes.
This makes us an industry-leading database in terms of the variety of breast milk ingredients.
Breast milk database As an advocate of breastfeeding, Feihe is committed to addressing the specific needs of mothers and babies.
We have launched a variety of nutrition and parenting-related courses awareness-raising activities to support the health of mothers and babies, guarding the healthy growth of Chinese babies.
Caring for Health of Mother and Baby The database has breast milk samples included 2, 115 Table Feihe's courses related to mother and baby health Feihe Product Knowledge Feihe Nutrition and Childcare Explain that breast milk is the best food for babies, and positively guide consumers to insist on breast - feeding their babiesIntroduce knowledge of the growth and development indicators of infants and toddlers from 0 to 36 months, key nutrition and feeding guidelines, and common breastfeeding problems 68 69 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe new customer development activities livestreaming nationwideIn December 2022, Feihe teamed up with renowned experts to create a nationwide live event to guide pregnant mothers on how to choose and use medication after COVID-19 infection, and how to improve the immunity of babies during the COVID-19 pandemic, to protect the health of pregnant mothers and babies.
The event was well received by mother users, with a total of 13, 328 viewers.
In the face of the new pandemic, the earthquake and other major public health events, as well as major natural disasters, Feihe has courageously shouldered its social responsibility and established a comprehensive emergency relief rapid response mechanism to assist affected areas.
Feihe always upholds the corporate social responsibility concept of trying our best to give back to society, while pursuing high-quality development.
In recent years, Feihe has focused on major public health events, natural disasters, medical care, edu- cation, and other areas, and has carried out a series of multi-dimensional charitable activities.
In addition, Feihe do- nated supplies to various social organizations in Heilongjiang, such as sending supplies and nutrition products to Qiqihar Medical College, donating COVID-19 prevention and control supplies worth RMB 600, 000 to Shuangcheng District, Harbin City, and donating RMB 4 million to assist in the building of a nucleic acid testing laboratory in Bei'an, Heihe City.
Feihe quickly launched an emergency relief plan and donated nutrition products worth 1 million yuan to the China Red Cross Foundation for earthquake relief.
Feihe's Eye Charities initiative has already provided over 20, 000 charity medical consultations and nearly 2, 300 surgeries.
The program has been implemented in 14 regions across 10 provinces in China.
In August 2022, Feihe joined hands with the Eye Charity Organizing Committee to carry out the Eye Charity Feihe Charity Activities (Kedong Station) charity consultation activities.
The event invited Professor Zhao Peiquan, Director of Ophthalmology of Xinhua Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine, as the leader, and famous ophthalmologists and professors from Shanghai and Peking University Alumni Association and philanthropists from all sectors.
We conducted six-day charity con- sultations and surgery for cataract patients in Kedong County, and donated medical equipment worth RMB 5. 38 million to the First People's Hospital of Kedong County.
Eye Charity Feihe Charity Activities (Kedong Station)Medical Charity Eye Charities initiative has already provided charity medical consultations over 20, 000 surgeries 2, 300 Eye Charities Feihe Charity Activities charity activity 72 73 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
Feihe places great emphasis on talent development and fully supports the advancement of education.
We are dedicated to pro- viding underprivileged students with access to quality education.
The initiative covered general high schools, junior high schools, elementary schools, preschools and special education schools in 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang Province, benefiting more than 280, 000 full-time teachers and principals and more than 3. 3 million students.
In March 2022, Feihe donat- ed 758 cases of milk powder worth more than RMB 500, 000 to Nangqian County, Yushu Prefecture, Qinghai Province to help students.
In July 2022, a donation ceremony of Feihe's charity activities themed Care for Left-behind Children was held in Fuyang City.
The charity project was launched to donate school bags, stationery, books and Feihe's nutrition products worth RMB 316, 000 to left-behind children.
Feihe's charity activities themed Care for Left-behind Children The inauguration ceremony of Feihe Love Book HouseIn November 2022, the inauguration ceremony of Fei- he Love Book House was held in Guanzhuang Village, Qianshan City, Anhui Province, donating nutrition for- mula and other materials worth RMB 100, 000 to the local community.
Donation to Dudong Town, Sanjiang County In May 2022, Feihe' s Warmth of the Sun, Great Love without Borders 2022 annual education charity cam- paign was launched in Liuzhou City, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, with a total of 7, 200 boxes of milk powder worth nearly RMB 400, 000. 74 75 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX Environmental, social and governance indicators Page A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
P52 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P56 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P53 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P56 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P56 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applica- ble, with reference to per unit produced.
P56-61 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-re- lated issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.
P54 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
P54Environmental, social and governance indicators Page B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
P37 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from oc- cupational hazardsP44-46 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year.
P44 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P41 B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to preventing child and forced labour.
P36 EnvironmentalSocial 76 77 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY
FEEDBACK FORM Dear readers, Greetings to you!
Which type of stakeholder do you belong to for Feihe?
P67 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P66-68 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P68 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and moni- tored.
P66-67 B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to health and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
P25 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.
P25 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P29 B7 Anti-corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
P18 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P19 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into con- sideration the communities' interests.
P71-75 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area.
P71-75 Social 79 FEIHE QUALITY, HEALTHY FUTUREOPERATING IN COMPLIANCE FOR STEADY AND LONG-TERM PROGRESSPUTTING PEOPLE FIRST AND ENABLING SHARED ACHIEVEMNETSENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY AND DEDICATED TO THE ECOLOGICAL CYCLEPROMOTING SHARED DEVELOPMENT AND PROSPERITY 78 China Feihe Limited 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance ReportFEEDBACK FORM
