cn This report is made of degradable and environmentally friendly recycled paper.
China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited 2021 Sustainability Report (ESG Report)
About this report Reporting Period AbbreviationsData Sources Language Versions Report RequestOrganisational Coverage Publication ReferencesThis report covers the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021.
For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited is also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, the Company and We in this report.
All information and data used in this report originate from formal documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Company.
The materials in this report were provided by our employees and partners and intended for Mengniu to provide information about the progress of its sustainability management and may not be used for commercial purpose.
In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail.
comThe report covers China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2021) is the tenth non- financial report issued by the Company.
This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and in particular in compliance with its comply or explain requirements regarding the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency, and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ).
CONTENT S About this report CEO s Statement A Message from the Board About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2021 HIGHLIGHTS 02 04 06 07 08 10 Governance Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics17 21 23 Employee Well-being Rural Revitalisation Charity31 39 43 Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle49 64 74 Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation81 87 91 Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services95 100 103 Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mengniu s Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Mengniu s Performance on Key Environmental Indicators from 2018 to 2021 The list of external laws and regulations and internal systems105 109 111 113 Responsibility Common Prosperity Environment Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition Supreme & InclusiveGovernance Sustainability Responsibility Common Prosperity Environment Carbon Net-Zero Ecosystem Collaborative & Accountable Nutrition Supreme & InclusiveESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsAbout this report CEO s Statement A Message from the Board About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy 2021 HIGHLIGHTSEmployee Well-being Rural Revitalisation Charity Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mengniu s Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Mengniu s Performance on Key Environmental Indicators from 2019 to 2021 The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems
CEO's Statement Achieving GREEN Transformation, Promising a Healthier World The year 2021 is a year of milestone significance.
Eye on the world, economic, social and environmental challenges lie ahead of us, and sustainable development remains to be the common expectations of the whole society.
While the dairy industry brings nutrition, health and joy to consumers worldwide, its transformation is also urgently needed to be accelerated.
It constantly improves the ESG level of the company, endeavours to improve ESG governance and internal management and responds to ESG concerns of stakeholders in a comprehensive and timely manner.
In the past year, under the guidance of the five- year strategy of Creating A New Mengniu by 2025, Mengniu has iteratively upgraded its own sustainable development system and formulated the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, aiming at the international development goals, covering 6 mainstream ESG ratings with more than 500 indicators and taking into full consideration of Mengniu's own business needs.
Through formulation of the GREEN strategic system, Mengniu strives to visualize and quantify sustainable development efforts, further regulate and improve ESG management and guide the high quality and sustainable development of Mengniu.
Currently, responding to the climate change has become the global focus, and dual- carbon action has become the core of the GREEN strategy of Mengniu.
In 2021, We actively responded to the 2030 & 2060 Dual- Carbon Goals of the state, formulated dual- carbon strategic planning with the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), a world renown wisdom consulting firm with the scientific, rigorous and responsible attitude, set the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050 taking into full consideration of the carbon emission baseline, business development plan, resource endowment characteristics and other factors, and officially started the journey of Mengniu leading the entire industry chain towards carbon neutrality.
Step by step, Mengniu will innovate low- carbon ranches practice green production, create green packages and achieve low- carbon transportation, lead Chinese dairy industry towards carbon neutrality and contribute to achieve the national dual carbon goal.
One small step at a time makes it possible to go thousands of miles away, and accumulation of small currents forms rivers and seas.
Mengniu, with the sustainable development vision of Promise a healthier world, will resolutely practice green, low- carbon and inclusive sustainable development path, and endeavour to become a social corporate bringing more value to the mankind.
Jeffrey, Minfang LuChief Executive Officer and executive director 02 03 A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixCEO's Statement
A Statement from the Board Mengniu highly recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) to the long- term and stable operation of the Company, and has established an effective ESG management mechanism and governance mechanism.
Under the leadership of the Sustainable Development Committee of the Board, the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, the Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee, and the five GREEN strategic pillar promotion groups were established to implement the Company's ESG management.
Mengniu attaches great importance to the significant impact that ESG risks may have on the Company.
The Board discusses and determines the Company's ESG risks and opportunities, gives priority to the management and improvement of important ESG issues, incorporates them into the Company's overall strategy for consideration, and monitors issue management and performance.
In 2021, the Group has preliminarily identified the risks and opportunities brought by climate change to enterprises from three aspects of physical risk, transition risk and market opportunity, and taken countermeasures.
In the future, with active responses, the Group will continue to strengthen its capability in managing climate risks and opportunities.
The implementation and promulgation of the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy and the establishment of management objectives for corresponding environmental, social and governance issues will further standardize and strengthen the Company's ESG management standards.
In the future, the Sustainability Committee will listen to reports on the progress of each goal and conduct reviews on a regular basis.
This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of the ESG work of Mengniu in 2021, and has been reviewed and approved by the Board.
The Board and all directors of the Company guarantee that the contents of this report do not contain any false records, misleading statements or major omissions, and assume individual and joint responsibility for the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents herein.
CEO's Statement About Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixA Message from the Board
About Mengniu Corporate Culture China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (stock code 2319) is a dairy company ranking Global Dairy Top 10.
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB88, 141. 50 million.
the revenue of the Group amounted in 2021 to million RMB88, 141. 50Mission Vision The Mengniu SpiritCore ValuesEvery drop of nutrition makes every life thrive From the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the world Born to excel, constantly strive for self-improvement Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Our integrity and honesty support our continued successMengniu has established 41 production bases in China and 3 overseas bases in New Zealand, Australia and Indonesia, and 68 factories in total worldwide with a combined annual production capacity of 10 million tonnes.
Meanwhile, Mengniu actively deployed overseas high- quality milk sources and owned raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic baby food supplier Bellamy's in Australia.
Mengniu has been widely recognised for its first- class product quality and sterling brand image, being the official sponsor of the FIFA World Cup, the strategic partner of China's aerospace industry, the official dairy products provider for the BRICS Summit in Xiamen, the official partner of the 14th National Winter Games, the official partner of the Chinese Football Super League, the official dairy partner of the Shanghai Disney Resort, and the exclusive supplier of dairy and ice cream products for the Universal Beijing Resort.
Benchmarking against the United Nations SDGs, Mengniu has gradually improved its sustainable development system, and stays true to its original intention to create responsible industrial ecosystem, and create more environmental and social value.
During the 14th Five- Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, a digitalized Mengniu, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixCorporate Culture About Mengniu
The strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability aims to strengthen the Company's risk control and managem- ent capabilities, continuously improve corporate business behavior, enhance corporate governance capabilities, protect shareholders' interests and promote the Company's healthy and sustainable development; The strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity is committed to enhancing Mengniu's social value, benefiting Mengniu's employees, people in underdeveloped areas and socially disadvantaged groups, and helping to achieve common prosperity; The strategic pillar of Environment- Carbon Net- Zero aims to improve Mengniu's environmental perfor- mance to create a cleaner and lower carbon production process and acti- vely respond to climate change; The strategic pillar of Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, and promoting the development of sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation through responsible procurement and publicity; The strategic pillar of Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive aims to meet the diverse demands of healthy consumption, and to provide consumers around the world with more nutritious, healthier products and higher- quality services.
Vision ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsGovernance-Sustainability Responsibility- Common Prosperity Environment- Carbon Net-zero Ecosystem- Collaborative&Accountable Nutrition-Supreme&InclusiveEmployee Well- being Rural Revitalisation Charity Dual- carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Sustainable Agriculture Sustainable Procurement Biodiversity Conservation Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good ServicesMissionPromise a Healthier World More Nutritious Products A Better Life A More Sustainable PlanetGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu's sustainability vision is Promise a healthier world by producing more nutritious products, enabling of a better life and contributing to a more sustainable planet.
It is the fundamental requirement and prerequisite for everything we do.
From 2019 to 2021, Mengniu completed its first three- year ESG strategy and achieved milestone results.
In pursuit of the United Nations SDGs and based on Mengniu's own business practices, Mengniu upgraded and formed the 5 strategic pillars under the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, which are subdivided into 15 topics and 28 specific actions, covering 178 sustainability indicators in total.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture 2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixGREEN Sustainable Development Strategy
2021 HIGHLIGHTS HONORS The global sustainability initiatives that Mengniu joined in 2021 include Mengniu joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) community and supports and follows the Global Compact Ten Principles by adopting more responsible operating model and constantly developing innovative solutions to bring grater commercial benefits to the public.
Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net Zero climate initiative jointly promoted by Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO), International Dairy Federation (IDF), Global Dairy Platform (GDP) and other organisations with a view to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions from the dairy industry, and systematically building a low- carbon dairy industry worldwide.
Mengniu joined the strategy advisor committee of the Business for Nature sponsored by World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), calling for conservation and sustainable use of natural resources to reverse the loss of nature by 2030.
The Most Suitable Place to Work award in Linkedin Best Workplace Award by Employer Branding Institute Second Prize of National Scientific and Technological Progress Award issued by State Council Awarded as a Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in the 2nd Green Economy Development Forumthe 11th China Charity Award, the highest honor in the field of public welfare and charity in China Won the 2021 China Benefit Corporation Award issued by Tencent and the National School of Development at Peking UniversityRe- elected as a core constituent of Hang Seng Sustainability Corporate Index with score raised to A MSCI ESG rating raised from BB to BBB, which is the highest in the food industry in ChinaIncluded in the SASAC Central Enterprise ESG Pioneer 50 Index and ranked the 2nd among 440 central enterprises Ranked No. 1 in the dairy industry for the China Corporate Responsibility Development Index by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences for the third year in a row1 72 83 4 6 Employer Brand Awards 5 10 11 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development StrategyGovernance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix2021 HIGHLIGHTS
ESG Highlights Governance- Sustainability Specific ESG appraisal targets for management were set and included in the annual performance contract.
The Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value effectively.
The Risk Management Committee evaluated the Group's major risk points from the perspective of sustainable development.
training on business ethics were organised in total.
training on anti- corruption and anti- commercial bribery were organised in total.
Responsibility- Common Prosperity 44, 629 employees, including 26, 514 male employees and 18, 115 female employees were recruited.
Female senior management personnel accounted for 25 (Vice president and above).
A LOVE double- channel promotion channel covering all employees was established.
Employee training rate reached 90. 98 with 87. 31 training hours on average.
Physical examination coverage reached 100.
Investment in security measures reached RMB 49. 74 million.
The commencement of China Dairy Industry Park laid a foundation for the successive operation of seven ranches in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, which directly and indirectly provide job opportunities to and help increase income of 31, 000 farmers and herdsmen.
During the year, employee volunteer activities lasted for up to 20, 000 hours, with more than 10, 000 volunteers.
suppliers, accounting for 74, received on- site assessments.
The Code of Conduct for suppliers (COC) was improved, requiring all suppliers to sign and comply with regulations on environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights, business ethics, etc.
procured raw materials and auxiliary materials have obtained FSSC 22000, FDA registration, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 22000, HACCP, BRC, and other standard system certifications.
cooperative ranches were awarded the title of National Pilot Farms for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial drugs.
employees participated in the coastal clean- up activity, picking up a total of approximately 1, 997 kilograms of beach garbage, covering an area of 210, 000 square meters.
More than 80 new products were launched and a variety of organic, sugar- reduced, low- fat, functional- enhanced and less- artificial additive products were continuously created.
The Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Public Welfare Tour campus activity, covering over 2, 000 teachers, students and parents, was launched.
More than 20, 000 salespeople, promoters and new retail business staff were empowered through training on knowledge of dairy nutrition.
newly granted patents, 47 valid copyright registrations and 4, 578 valid trademarks were registered during the year.
factory has obtained the ISO 9001 quality management system certification, and 100 dairy factory has obtained the HACCP certification.
categories of products have been certified by EU food standards.
The product quality traceability information system being built to cover 8 processes and 16 links in the whole industry chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information in the industry chain.
Organising Together with the Consumers activity on consumer day, with over 40, 000 participants, over 100 events and over 180, 000 consumer feedbacks collected.
Environment- Carbon Net- zero A thorough climate strategy was formulated, and the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050 was set.
factories were certified as National- level Green Factory during the year, bringing the total number of green factories to 22. 1 National Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise was approved in the year.
The annual green energy consumption increased by 6. 87 year on year.
provincial- level water conservation corporate certificates were obtained in the year.
During the year, fresh water consumption per unit product decreased by 2. 02 year on year in 2020.
A total of 1, 479, 400 tonnes of water (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water) were saved during the year.
PP loop boxes were advocated to be applied to replace traditional paper turnover boxes, each PP loop box reduces carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to that of traditional carton boxes.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
01 Governance-Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsMengniu attaches great importance to the establishment of a sound corporate governance system and procedures, the establishment of a more independent, efficient and professional Board to implement thorough risk management and control, promote the improvement of business behaviors, build a system and mechanism that operates smoothly in compliance with regulations in a clean and efficient manner, thus to protect the rights and interests of investors, in particular, the minority shareholders.
Under the Governance- Sustainability pillar in GREEN strategy, Mengniu sets three topics of ESG governance, risk governance and business ethics, integrates ESG into the Company's development strategy, and keeps improving the ESG governance structure and operation mechanism.
Specific ESG appraisal targets for management were set and included in the annual performance contract.
The Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value effectively.
The Risk Management Committee evaluated the Group's major risk points from the perspective of sustainable development.
An electronic integrity file system was developed and 26, 750 integrity commitments were signed.
training on business ethics were organised in total.
training on anti- corruption and integrity warning education and anti- commercial bribery were organised in total.
Highlights in 2021 SDGs we focused in this section
ESG Governance Corporate Governance Sustainability Governance SystemMengniu is dedicated to ensuring high standards of corporate governance with an emphasis on a diligent Board and a sound internal control system, and the establishment of a diverse governance structure to improve corporate governance.
The Board of the Company comprises nine directors, including three executive directors, three non- executive directors and three independent non- executive directors.
The Board is primarily responsible for formulating the Group's overall strategies and policies, setting performance and management targets, assessing business performance and monitoring management's performance.
The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Development Committee.
Mengniu released the Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach, which forms a three- level sustainability management system with the Board as the highest decision- making body and effectively promotes the engagement of ESG work by various departments.
Board of Directors Sustainable Development Committee Sustainable Development Executive Committee Secretariat of the Sustainable Development Executive Committee Governance- Sustainability strategic pillar Day- to- day management meeting mechanism Responsibility- Common Prosperity strategic pillar Work planning mechanism Environment- Carbon Net- Zero strategic pillar Open communication mechanism for information exchange Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable strategic pillar Monitoring and evaluation mechanism Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive strategic pillar Funding support mechanismDecision- making Decision- making on the Group's sustainability strategy Management Managing and advancing key sustainability issues Execution Implement sustainability programs, conduct sustainable development project in the respective departments and report the results Departments and Divisions Appointment of 46 sustainability officers and liaisonsDecision-Making Management ExecutionAs of the reporting time, Mengniu's Sustainable Development Committee comprises three executive directors (Mr. Lu Minfang, Ms. Wang Yan, Mr. Zhang Ping), a non- executive director (Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens), and an independent non- executive director (Mr. Li Michael Hankin), with Mr. Simon Dominic Stevens as the chair.
The Committee is the Company's highest decision- making body for sustainability work and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainability strategies, goals and risk profile.
The Mengniu Sustainable Development Committee has an executive committee comprising core executives of the Company, which is responsible for sustainability management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy implementation and reviewing annual work plans and reports.
Mengniu motivates its management to achieve the Company's sustainable development goals by setting specific ESG appraisal targets for management and including them in the annual performance contract, in accordance with the characteristics of the Company's business and the Company's main sustainable development issues.
Mengniu holds Sustainable Development Committee meetings, Sustainable Development Executive Committee meetings, and executive- level work meetings every year on a regular basis to discuss and make decisions on ESG- related matters and promote strategic actions.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS17 18Governance- SustainabilityAppendix Nutrition- Supreme & InclusiveEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroResponsibility- Common Prosperity
Stakeholder Identification and Communication Mengniu pays attention to the concerns of its stakeholders and has identified stakeholders including shareholders and investors, government and regulatory bodies, consumers, suppliers, distributors, employees, the environment, and the community.
The Company communicates with stakeholders through various channels, respects and listens to their opinions, and actively responds for improvement.
In 2021, Mengniu conducted information disclosure and investor relations management in compliance with relevant laws and regulations of the securities market.
In addition to releasing regular reports, it also discloses major developments of the Company in a timely and compliant manner.
We conducted interactive communication with the capital market through emails, conference calls, face- to- face meetings and the platform of capital market.
During the reporting period, the Company participated in 21 large- scale investor conferences, conducted a total of more than 230 investor conferences and sell- side analyst meetings on a daily basis, and 25 ESG- themed conference calls, conveying Mengniu's development strategy and long- term value.
Stakeholders Topics coveredCommunication and response channels Shareholders and Investors Preventing business risks Asset preservation and appreciation Developing new markets and opportunities Steady returns on investment and value growth Corporate annual reports and announcements Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulators Compliant operations Paying taxes in accordance with the law Contributing to local economic development Regulatory supervision Proactive tax payment Special meetings Consumers Providing high- quality products Comprehensive customer services Smooth channels of communication Diverse products Information disclosure and dissemination Factory transparency Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Suppliers Open, fair and equitable procurement Business integrity and good faith Confidentiality of information Supplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training Distributor Mutually beneficiary win- win cooperation Mutual growth Distributor conference Distributor satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platforms Environment Ecological & environmental protection Green and low carbon development Government environmental information platforms Network and Weibo communication channel Employees Health and safety Compensation and benefits Building career growth platforms Work- life balance Manager's mailbox Staff and workers' congress Training and exchange Community Promoting employment Driving local economic development Helping rural revitalisation Community development and well- being Providing employment Promoting the development of related local industries Improving local infrastructure Charity programs Materiality Analysis The Company invited internal and external stakeholders to engage in the identification of environmental, social and governance issues and conduct materiality assessments through various forms such as communication interviews, on- site visits, and questionnaire surveys.
The process of materiality analysis is as follows Establish the Company's library of sustainabilty topics based on its strategic priorities, industry characteristics and social responsibility standards; Survey key stakeholders such as shareholders, consumers, suppliers and communities to identify their sustainability concerns; Select material topics in light of the Global Sustainable Development Goals, stakeholder concems and importance to Mengniu; Determine the material topics based on review by the Company's Sustainability Committee and experts.
ldentification Prioritisation Validation Stakeholder Engagement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s Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Risk Management Mengniu values risk management and internal control, and has established risk management framework and fundamental norms with a focus on the Group's major risk management and control and the continuous optimisation of the risk management model. Following the internationally accepted COSO1 risk management framework, the Company established a risk- oriented, closed- loop management model of risk identification first, business self- management, audit supervision and follow- up based on the operating and management needs of Mengniu. This incorporates risk management into business and applies to the business management process and gives full play to its value. Mengniu has established the Mengniu Risk Management System and six implementation rules on risk identification, risk evaluation, risk response, risk monitoring, risk response appraisal and risk management report. In 2021, the Company optimised the Mengniu Risk Management Framework and Manual for Risk Management of the Group on this basis, to ensure the effective operation of the risk management system. Mengniu has put in place three lines of defence of risk management organisation structure under the leadership of the Board. The Risk Management Committee is the highest deliberative and decision- making body for risk management, in which the chief executive officer of the Group serves as the chairman, and the vice president of the Group who is in charge of risk control and auditing business serves as the deputy chairman, while the committee members comprise the head of the major business divisions and functional departments. The Risk Management Department is the body for daily affairs designated by the Risk Management Committee that reports the management and control of important risks and the operational effectiveness of the risk management system to the Audit Committee under the Board every year on a regular basis, and under the supervision of the Audit Committee. In 2021, the Company organised business departments and functional departments to adopt a three- level evaluation method of self- identification of major business, professional pre- judgment and control of TOP20 risks, and collective review of Risk Management Committee focusing on formulating a new Mengniu strategic plan and key work goals, and assess major risks from the seven aspects of group strategy, market, finance, operation, law and compliance, quality and food safety, sustainable development on which the Risk Management Committee reached a consensus. In order to promote the effective implementation of major risk management and control, and clarify main responsible department and person, Mengniu implements the accountability system. The risk management department has formulated appropriate risk response strategies, measures or contingency plans and follow- up to supervise the response effect in the process of classification, to reduce and avoid the adverse impact of important risks on the Group's strategic goals and sustainable development in an effective manner. 1 COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway CommissionThree Lines of Defences of Risk Management Organisation Structure Business divisions The first line of defence The second line of defence The third line of defenceRisk Management Committee, Risk Management Department and functional departments of the GroupThe Internal Audit Department and the Discipline Inspection Department Respondent and main responsible person of riskPlanners and supervisors of risk managementAppraiser of risk management effectivenessMengniu has taken multiple measures at four levels to carry out empowerment training on risk management concepts and methods, promoted the extensive implementation of risk management mechanisms, and improved employees' risk management awareness and prevention and control standards, gradually cultivating a risk culture, and reasonably ensuring the achievement of strategic goals. Risk Management Empowerment Training Management Grassroots Management Personnel Full-time and Part-time Risk Management PersonnelCore Middle-level Management Personnel New Employees 10 core management members participated in the major risk assessment at group level and implemented the main responsibility for risk response; The management reviewed and approved the major risk response strategies at the group level, made timely decisions for resolving cross- departmental issues and problems such as difficulties to be implemented during the process, to ensure the effectiveness of risk management implementation; The management listened to the effectiveness of the management and control of major risks in the previous year and put forward guiding opinions to promote the improvement of risk management. Training on basic norms of internal control 17 sessions of training on internal control were organised to consolidate the theoretical foundation of risk management personnel and grass- roots management personnel, more than 2, 500 personnel participated online and offline, and the Worth- It platform was launched with clicks exceeding 80, 000; Training on professional knowledge of risk management Based on the training needs of each unit, a total of more than 380 people from China Shengmu, Fuyuan Farming, and China Dairy Industrial Park have been offered risk empowerment training. The Company communicated and advocated risk management concepts on the Group's major risk management and control with 45 core middle- level management personnel by way of one- to- one communication and reporting, to unify risk management cognition, identify other risks in important business areas and key business links and provide professional assessment opinions for major risks annual identification. A risk management training course was developed for new employees as a compulsory course on risk management for new employees and promoted on the Worth- It platform with 2, 880 participants in total. 21 22 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Business Ethics The Company strictly complied with the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China, the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations. The Company values the construction of business ethics and integrity and compliance, and has formulated and released the Group's Compliance Management Regulations, Integrity and Compliance Manua l and management regulations and guidelines for key areas such as corporate governance, anti- monopoly, anti- bribery and business partners. Meanwhile, the Company formulated detailed anti- corruption policies and joined the UNGC in 2021 in compliance with international anti- corruption initiative. The Company has established a sound compliance management mechanism in key areas of business ethics, and advocates integrity and compliance culture, so as to build a sound business ethics management and supervision framework, improve business ethics standards and establish a sound ecosystem. The Company vigorously conducts compliance and audit supervision of business ethics, opens compliance consultation and complaint reporting channels, and strictly investigates violations of laws and regulations. Code of Conduct of Business Ethics of Mengniu Integrity and Compliance Manual It provides basic behavior guidelines for business management behaviors and business activities of the Company and all employees, and elaborates the basic requirements and cultural background of integrity and compliance between consumers, partners, shareholders, society, colleagues and the Company, and the Integrity and Compliance Commitment was signed. Compliant Business Partners It establishes a sound business partner ecosystem and a complete anti- bribery compliance management mechanism to learn and pass on the Compliance Code of Conduct of Business Partners and convey Mengniu Group's compliance standards, philosophy and culture. Anti-bribery The Group adopts zero tolerance to any form of bribery and corruption, and has established sound anti- bribery compliance management mechanism, signed the Anti- bribery Compliance Commitment and the Anti- corruptionAgreement when signing business contracts with third parties, which strictly prohibits any form of financial and non- financial benefits, including gifts, rebates, and employment opportunities that may appear in cooperation. Anti-unfair Competition It strictly regulates the internal management work in close relation to market economic activities such as contract management, advertising review and marketing management, requires the compliance with relevant laws and regulations, and ensures that business activities are compliant with relevant provisions of the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China. Anti-monopoly Adhering to the principle of fair competition, it establishes a sound anti- monopoly compliance management mechanism and signed the Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment to avoid direct or indirect engagement in monopolistic behaviors expressly prohibited by laws and regulations, including but not limited to reaching monopoly agreements with other operators, abuse of dominant market position and the implementation of business operator concentration that has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition, among others. 16 Honesty and Self-discipline Codes for Management 1. Unreveal of company secrets; 2. no damage to corporate image; 3. no occupation of corporate property; 4. no misappropriation of corporate funds; 5. no bribery; 6. no cheat; 7. no non- compliant guarantee; 8. no small exchequer; 9. no acceptance of gift from partners; 10. no borrowings from partners and subordinates; 11. no acceptance of invitation or travel, fitness, entertainment and other arrangement that may affect impartial performance; 12. no non- compliant referral or promotion of business and products to cooperators and management served; 13. no appointment of relatives within scope of authority or arrange the appointment of relatives taking use of power or influence in positions; 14. no business with relatives; 15. no illegal part- time job; 16. no involvement of pornography gambling. Avoidance of Conflict of Interests The management personnel shall not take profits for relatives or specific connected persons taking use of job convenience or arrange relatives to serve within their authority. Affiliates of relatives of management personnel and key business personnel (including specific connected persons) must not participate in equity investment or have business dealings with partners within his or her authority, failure of which, they will be listed in the blacklists of the partners.
Respect for the Employees The Company abides by laws and regulations on labor and employment, insists on equal employment and equal treatment of employees, and prohibits the employment of child labour and forced labour.
The Company and employees, as well as between employees, shall respect each others in race, ethnicity, gender, occupation, age, political party, family, etc.
Discrimination or ridicule for any reason, harassment and violence are prohibited.
Compliance with Organisational Discipline No employee shall violate organisational discipline and personnel discipline, such as provoking fights and falsifying during work.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Regular Supervision and Management Mengniu has established a comprehensive compliance management system, and a compliance management committee composed of core executives of the Group.
As the highest leadership and decision- making body for compliance management matters of the Group, it focuses on fulfilling compliance supervision duties and strengthens the restriction and supervision of the operation of power.
Throughout the year, Mengniu carried out an integrity audit of 5, 949 promoted and appraised personnel, which effectively ensured the compliance of personnel selection and appraisal; The daily supervision of development business, overseas business and functional departments were strengthened and relevant persons in charge were interviewed; A pre- appointment integrity reminder was conducted with 40 new recruits (promoted); An electronic integrity file system was developed and managers at all levels filled in and signed 26, 750 integrity letters of commitment; An ecosystem of integrity was proactively built and included in the Trust and Integrity Enterprise Alliance Dishonest List System, and the blacklist management is applied to dishonest persons who accept bribes, embezzle, and other violations.
Under the principle of strategic guidance, prominent focus, risk orientation, and comprehensive coverage, the Group actively carries out compliance management and audit supervision in key areas such as sales management, supply chain management, and functional support, and conducts supervision and rectification of identified problems.
In 2021, Mengniu conducted 47 special supervisions on high- incidence and prone to corruption links such as tender and bidding, procurement, research and development, sales market and raw milk acquisition, and proposed 11 rectifications and 5 improvement systems in response to the problems found.
In addition, Mengniu issued case reports within the Company for legal- related cases and major cases by implementing the measure of one notification for one case.
A total of 20 typical case reports were issued throughout the year.
In 2021, the Company has concluded one corruption lawsuit.
The relevant personnel was sentenced to imprisonment and a fine.
Mengniu's Integrity Management in 2021 In 2021 Mengniu conducted proposed supervisions on high- incidence and prone to corruption links such as tender and bidding, procurement, research and development, sales market and raw milk acquisitionspecial rectifications and improvement systems in response to the problems found47 11 5Complaint Management and Whistleblower Protection Compliance and Integrity Culture Mengniu's Business Ethics Reporting ChannelIn order to improve the investigation, supervision and management of business ethics reports and complaints, the Company standardized the channel and process of whistle- blowing to ensure the timely and effective treatment of reports and complaints.
In 2021, the Company established open and diverse complaint reporting channel and has arranged for the establishment of a group complaint and reporting mechanism by publishing complaints and reports on the Company's official website, WeChat public account, Sunshine Agreement, customer conferences, and the day- to- day internal warning education on integrity, and the reporting mechanism of typical cases in disciplinary inspection.
The Group issued work reminders to 83 key personnel based on daily work and clarified 8 false reports accepted.
Mengniu actively builds a culture of integrity and compliance, and strives to enhance the integrity and compliance awareness of all employees through diversified forms including the Integrity Day activities, knowledge promotion, special training, and the signing of the Integrity and Compliance Commitment.
In addition, the Company has enhanced the building of an integrity culture, carried out publicity activities on an ongoing basis, and paid close attention to major festivals to conduct integrity warning training for key areas and key positions with a view to creating an integrate and upright atmosphere within the Company.
In addition, the Company conducts multi- level and multi- field business ethics training covering all employees, executives and directors to improve their business ethics literacy as a whole.
Mengniu encourages real- name reporting.
In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of whistleblowers, Mengniu has formulated the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, which clarifies the protection mechanism for whistleblowers.
The Company keeps strictly confidential the whistleblower's name, employer, home address and other relevant information and the content of the report, and includes the report information in the confidential management.
The Company strictly protects the personal safety of the whistleblower when accepting the whistleblower's report or checking the information with the whistleblower, and does not make public the whistleblower's identity.
Mengniu stipulates that no department or individual may block or suppress the whistleblower's report or withhold the whistleblower's materials under any pretext.
Retaliation against whistleblowers will be processed in accordance with relevant policies, and those involving violations of laws and crimes will be handed over to judicial organs for processing.
cn Complaint hotline 0471- 7393612 Address Disciplinary Committee Office, Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Helingeer, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia 25 26 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Mengniu pays attention to the ethical performance of business partners and the entire supply chain.
In 2021, the Company formulated the Compliance Code of Conduct of Business Partners, which stipulates business ethics, fair competition, anti- monopoly, conflicts of interest, bidding and labor protection, and comprehensively promotes anti- corruption procurement.
Total sessions of training on business ethics for employees Total sessions of anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) for employees Total sessions of training on anti- commercial bribery for employeesTotal number of employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Total number of employees accepted training on anti- commercial briberyTotal number of employees accepted training on business ethics Time Time TimePerson Person PersonIndicators for Training on Business Ethics 211 194 944, 167 44, 001 34, 181 Total sessions of training on business ethics for employees Time 211 Total number of employees accepted training on business ethics Person 44, 167 Classification by hierarchy Number of senior management employees accepted training on business ethics Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted training on business ethics Person 3, 019 Number of general employees accepted training on business ethics Person 41, 129 Total sessions of anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) for employees Time 194 Total number of employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Person 44, 001 Number of senior management employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity)Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity)Person 2, 853 Number of general employees accepted anti- corruption training (warning education on integrity) Person 41, 129 Number of cadres accepted anti- corruption and other training (warning education on integrity) Person 2, 968 Number of employees in key positions accepted anti- corruption and other training (warning education on integrity)Person 1, 497 Total sessions of training on anti- commercial bribery for employees Time 9 Total number of employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 34, 181 Classification by hierarchy Number of senior management employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 19 Number of middle- level management employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 3, 019 Number of general employees accepted training on anti- commercial bribery Person 31, 143 27 28 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
02 Responsibility-Common Prosperity Employee Well-being Rural Revitalisation CharityMengniu is also endeavoured to making its own development keep up with the pace of social development.
Under the support of the Governance- Sustainability in the GREEN strategy, Mengniu sets three topics of employee well- being, rural revitalisation and charity programs, striving to enhance employee well- being, promote economic development in underdeveloped areas, send nutrition and warmth to social disadvantaged groups, and create a more responsible corporate image.
employees, including 26, 514 male employees and 18, 115 female employees were recruited.
Female senior management personnel accounted for 25 (Vice president and above).
A LOVE double- channel promotion channel covering all employees was established.
Employee training rate reached 90. 98 with 87. 31 training hours on average.
learning and development training were held, involving 9, 804 trainees, 2, 315 internal trainers and 2, 522 classic courses and cases.
live broadcasts were held on the Worth- It online learning platform throughout the year, with an average monthly activity rate of 75 throughout the year, and 24 class hours per person per year.
Physical examination coverage reached 100.
Investment in security measures reached RMB 49. 74 million.
More than RMB 7 billion was invested in upstream milk source together with financial institutions.
The commencement of China Dairy Industry Park laid a foundation for the successive operation of seven ranches in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, which directly and indirectly provide job opportunities to and help increase income of 31, 000 farmers and herdsmen.
Through the Inclusive Nutrition Plan, 3. 03 million boxes of high- quality student milk were donated to 185 schools in 43 cities in 19 provinces across the country, benefiting 214, 475 students.
Empowerment training provided to nearly 1, 411 rural teachers in 14 prefectures, counties and cities under the Youth Teacher Empowerment Education Plan sponsored by Mengniu.
During the year, employee volunteer activities lasted for up to 20, 000 hours, with more than 10, 000 volunteers.
Highlights in 2021 SDGs we focused in this section
Employee Well-being Diversity and InclusionMengniu upholds the people- oriented development strategy, and is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive corporate culture and fair talent selection mechanism, with a view to ongoing optimise talent retention, promotion and development system.
Mengniu strictly abides by the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China and other relevant laws and regulations, and has established and improved internal employment rules and regulations such as the Recruitment Management Measures, the Remuneration Management Measures, the Welfare Management Measures and the Management Manual on Performance System, which provide comprehensive employment, remuneration and welfare guarantee for employees.
The Company follows all internationally recognised human rights policies as set out in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Bill of Human Rights and the core conventions of the International Labour Organisation, strives to create a diverse and inclusive environment and treats employees of different ethnicities, nationalities, genders, religious beliefs, ages, sexual orientation, political affiliation and marital status equally in respect of employment, treatment, promotion, etc., firmly prohibits the employment and use of child labour and forced labour, and respects and safeguards the legitimate rights and interests of all employees.
Quantitative Performance of Mengniu's Employees Total employees By classificationBy gender By age groupTotal female employees Total full- time employeesTotal part- time employeesTotal number of employees aged below 30 Total number of employees aged between 30 and 50 Total number of employees aged above 50person personperson personperson person personpersonTotal male employees3, 626 18. 062, 274 542, 350 193, 01941, 591 39 In addition, Mengniu always implements democratic management to highlight the main role of employees in the Company.
In accordance with the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions and the Trade Union Law, we have been committed to improving the democratic management system, strengthening the construction and implementation of the Workers' Representative Congress system, so as to build equal channels for negotiation and communication to effectively protect employees' rights to information, participation, expression and supervision.
In order to safeguard and protect the legitimate rights and interests of female employees, Mengniu Group signed the Special Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Female Employees with its labor forces, to protect the rights and interests of female employees from multiple perspectives, such as the protection of the legal and special rights and interests of female employees, and the scope of work that female employees are forbidden to engage in, so as to better serve the production and operation of enterprises.
In order to resolve conflicts arising from the employment in a timely manner, we help employees establish smooth communication channels and resolve controversial incidents through collective consultation, Workers' Representative Congress, and labor dispute coordination committees.
In addition, we regularly carry out activities such as patrols by employee representatives, employee surveys, and Meet the CEO Day to listen to employees and learn about and proactively solve their difficulties.
By region By position By gender 27. 63 12. 95 10. 10 By age By regionperson personTotal number of employees at overseas Total number of employees in Hong Kong Total number of employees in Mainland China Turnover rate of male employees Turnover rate of female employeesTurnover rate of employees aged below 30 Turnover rate of employees aged between 30 and 50 Turnover rate of employees aged above 50Turnover rate of employees in Mainland China Turnover rate of employees in Hong Kong Turnover rate of employees at overseasTotal number of senior management employees Total number of middle- level management employees Total number of ordinary employeesTotal number of disabled employees Total number of minority employees The indicators refer to principal business of MengniuEmployee turnover rate Unit person Unit person 31 32 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Talent Development Talent Promotion Talent Retention Employee TrainingMengniu attaches great importance to the retention and training of employees, continuously builds and optimises a management system covering the entire life cycle of talent development.
We provides employees with a clear and smooth development path, comprehensive and objective talent evaluation, and accelerated training in an efficient and practical manner, as well as diversified careers development opportunities.
In addition, Mengniu has also created a high- quality growth environment for excellent talents, and continued to nurture them to create value, grow rapidly and thrive in Mengniu.
In addition, in order to establish a sound employee relationship and improve employee satisfaction, the Group has established a three- pillar model of HRBP (HR Business Partner), HRSSC (HR Shared Service Centre) and COE (Center of Expertise).
Its service scope covers all business modules and all employees of the Group.
In accordance with the Learning and Development Management System, Mengniu focuses on Mengniu's development needs and builds a unique talent training system.
In 2021, Mengniu optimised the talent training system in an all- round way, with a focus on the cultivation of core talents from the three aspects of leadership, professional competencies and general capabilities, so that every employee can be offered systematic and targeted training.
Cultivation of leading management talentsIn respect of the two groups of incumbent managers and backup successors, two systematic project systems, i. e., the qualified candidates line and the backup candidates line, have been created.
The Benteng project of the qualified candidates line creates leadership open courses and training for new managers.
The blue ocean project of the backup candidates line adopts 721 full- cycle training, with strict barrier.
Elite professional talent trainingBased on business needs and focusing on key talents such as milk source front- end, quality, technology and sales terminal, a comprehensive professional sequence was built to improve the professional curriculum system, improve professional capabilities, cultivate high- quality professional talents, and achieve endogenous growth of talents.
Cultivation of top- notch young talentsThrough the Youth Training Camp project, a portrait of young talents in CAMP was formulated, talent selection was carried out across the Group, and young talents were cultivated through two systems of innovation line and management line.
Cultivation of scarce high-end talentsFor businesses such as the new track business, attract doctors and postdocs from top universities and enterprises around the world, and provide corresponding resource support, so that there are space and resources for high- end talents to make bold attempts and innovations.
Breakthrough entrepreneurial talent trainingUndertaking the innovative layout of the second and third curves, Mengniu provides innovative and entrepreneurial talents to enhance their capabilities and incubate projects such as entrepreneurial talent training camps, while providing a sound system guaranteed to help growth of entrepreneurial talents.
In order to broaden the channels and platforms for talent training, Mengniu has built a mobile terminal Worth- It learning platform, which not only enables online and offline training, but also enables knowledge accumulation and precipitation, while achieving training management such as registration, sign- in, training evaluation and others.
In 2021, for business line groups such as terminal shopping guides and business representatives in the value chain, Mengniu built an online learning platform in Huqitu, serving as a branch of Worth- It, to improve the professional basic capabilities of terminal personnel.
In addition to providing a competitive and comprehensive salary and welfare system, Mengniu organised diversified humanistic care activities with employee benefits.
Mengniu provides employees with five basic security benefits, four employee health benefits, 11 holiday benefits and eight living allowance benefits.
In 2021, Mengniu employees achieved 100 medical checkup coverage.
In addition, in order to implement the Mengniu Group 365 Employee Care Project care measures for female, the young and elderly employees, it has also created six employee happiness plans and implemented a number of care measures.
Indicators for Employee Training 3, 896, 615. 41 87. 31 90. 98Total training hours Average training hours completed by employeesTotal trainee ratio 2, 353, 555. 71 88. 77 91. 32 1, 168. 98 61. 53 100 1, 543, 059. 70 85. 18 90. 26 272, 763. 08 90. 35 93. 56 3, 622, 683. 34 87. 10 86. 27 By gender By titleHour Unit Hour Unit HourHour Proportion of male employees trained Proportion of female employees trainedAverage training hours completed by male employees Average training hours completed by female employeesTraining hours completed by male employees Training hours completed by female employees Training hours completed by senior management Training hours completed by middle- level management Training hours completed by ordinary employeesAverage training hours completed by senior management Average training hours completed by middle- level management Average training hours completed by ordinary employeesProportion of senior management trained Proportion of middle- level management trained Proportion of ordinary employees trained Employee BenefitsMengniu Group 365 Employee Care Program and Welfare List Filial Piety PlanDormitory Plan Employee Loyalty Plan Assistance PlanBaby Plan Health Plan Basic Benefits Living Allowance Care Female Employee Care Youth Care Veteran CareEmployees are provided with pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work- related injury insurance, large- amount medical insurance, housing provident fund and regular labor security supplies to provide basic guarantees for the health and safety of employees.
The monthly benefits for female workers are distributed online and offline, and various activities such as selection of the most beautiful women's stories, lectures on women's psychological knowledge, hand- making, book giving, and warm condolences.
A series of activities such as group weddings, the third session of As luck has it dating party, and the second session of Celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Founding of the Party Youth Culture Festival, youth forums, post meritorious deeds, etc.
During the Mid- Autumn Festival and the Spring Festival, the labor union of the Group sent fruits, supplies, and holiday blessings and greetings to retired veteran cadres, so that retired veteran cadres could also feel the care and warmth from the Mengniu family during traditional festivals.
During the Spring Festival, Mid- Autumn Festival, May 1st Labor Day, and Double Ninth Festival, parents of employees over 60 years old (inclusive) were sent Mengniu milk and customized blessing cards.
In order to continuously improve the quality of life of employees and enhance their sense of belonging, in 2021, all units further actively implemented the dormitory plan and built three new Mengniu Happy Homes.
Mengniu cherishes every small partner who grows together with the Company, and thanks every employee of Mengniu for their dedication and perseverance.
In 2021, the second season of the Employee Loyalty Plan event was held.
In order to better support the employees of the Company in difficulty and help them build up the confidence and determination to get through difficulties, in 2021, the group labor union united with all units to encourage assistance, one- to- one and multi- to- one assistance, holiday blessings, family care funds, golden autumn scholarships, book donations, Children's Day care and other measures to solve the actual difficulties of employees in accordance with the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund.
It arranges medical examinations for Mengniu employees every year, and pays commercial insurance and children's commercial insurance.
In 2021, employees and their children were provided additional major illness insurance, which increases health protection of employees.
Besides, the employee health check- up package was upgraded to promote health management and prevention.
Free 12- month milk powder is distributed to the newborn babies of Mengniu employees.
Employees are provided with living allowances such as work meal allowance, car allowance, communication allowance, among others.
Employees who are dispatched and rotated in different places are provided with housing allowances, spouse living allowances, resettlement allowances, transportation expenses for visiting relatives, paid annual leave allowances and others to support employees working in places away from home and ensure a secure life of employees.
Well-being Plan 35 36 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Care Initiative Warm Greeting in WinterSpecial care work is carried out for employees working in outdoor alpine areas to protect employees' physical and mental health and improve their happiness.
Cool Greeting in SummerSpecial care is carried out for employees working in high temperature outdoors.
Heatstroke prevention benefits are provided to effectively prevent heatstroke due to high temperature and ensure the physical and mental health of employees.
Holiday CareDuring the Spring Festival, Mid- Autumn Festival, Erdai's Day, Women's Day and Children's Day, we care for all employees in an inclusive and full- coverage manner, so that all Mengniu family members can feel the care and warmth from the Company during the holidays.
Funds CareEmployees in difficulties are helped with Care Fund and Love Mutual Aid Fund to solve their problems.
Occupational Health and Safety Safety Risk Prevention Mengniu constantly optimizing safety management.
In 2021, the number of first- class enterprises approved by national safety production standardization accounts for one- third of the total number of approved enterprises in the light industry, and the dual prevention mechanism covers all projects.
Mengniu manages and controls key risks on liquid ammonia, limited space, fire protection, electricity, hazardous operations, contractor operations, and change operations by improving its plan on management and control of safety risk from the three aspects of holding the bull nose as a solid foundation, the grey rhinoceros normal risks, and the black sky of preventing sudden changes in risks, while reducing by 35. 15 tonnes of liquid ammonia reserve through production line iteration and technological transformation, so as to continuously reduce inherent safety risks and improve the level of intrinsic safety.
At present, 60 Mengniu's grass- roots enterprises have been awarded the title of Safety Culture Demonstration Enterprise by the state or local governments.
Indicators for Occupational Health and Safety Indicator Unit 2021 Occupation diseases case 0 Deaths related to production accidents person0 (0 for three consecutive years) Employee death rate due to production accidents2 0 (0 for three consecutive years) Lost hours due to work hours 6, 730 Investment in safety measures (including procurement of epidemic supplies of RMB8. 22 million)RMB0'000 4, 974. 09 Full- time safety personnel person 205 2 Employee death rate due to production accidents Death related to production accidents Number of workers 100to create a comfortable working environment for employees.
The Company has been focusing on comprehensively promoting occupational health management from three aspects of early prevention (three- simultaneous management, hazard declaration, organisation and responsibility, management system and empowerment publicity), process protection and management (work premise management, job management), health monitoring and settlement (health monitoring, abnormal treatment and occupational disease diagnosis and treatment), to constantly promote the construction of healthy enterprises.
occupational hazard control projects were carried out in 2021, and the working environment of employees was effectively improved.
In order to improve the awareness and professional ability of safety and occupational health personnel, we have planned and built a safety and occupational health personnel empowerment course system, which is matched according to the course level and employee rank to form a learning map for personnel at all levels.
Additionally, Mengniu pays attention to the acquisition of professional qualifications, and organises employees to study and participate in the professional qualification examination of registered safety engineers.
In 2021, 38 employees obtained National Intermediate Registered Safety Engineer Certificates.
Occupational Health and Safety Management 37 38 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Rural Revitalisation Industry Revitalisation Implementing Five GuaranteesAs a part of the strategy of 2025 A More Responsible Mengniu, Mengniu will vigorously contribute to the rural revitalisation and construction.
During the epidemic, Mengniu, together with third- party financial institutions, allocated a total of RMB5 billion of interest- free funds to the ranch to help with its partners' steady development.
Natural Disaster Relief on Mengniu's Industry Chain In July, after the flood in Henan, Mengniu quickly coordinated to transport fresh milk from the regional pastures to factories in Tai'an, Wuhan, Taiyuan and Ma'anshan to guarantee the purchase of all fresh milk from pastures in the Henan region; In November, a rare snow disaster occurred in Tongliao, Chifeng and Xing'anmeng of Inner Mongolia and Liaoning.
Mengniu actively allocated relevant resources to help more than 50 cooperative farms solve the difficulties in fresh milk transportation, forage, farm operation and funds after the disaster, and invested nearly RMB100 million successively to quickly help the local disaster- stricken pastures to resume operations.
In 2021, the total trading volume of the Aiyangniu platform reached RMB17 billion, which helps save procurement cost of approximately RMB1 billion for nearly 600 raw milk partners.
In 2021, the construction of China Dairy Industry Park started.
In addition, 15 pastures are under construction, when put into operation, 57, 000 farmers and herdsmen will be benefited.
In accordance with the requirements of national dairy industry revitalisation, optimisation and adjustment of milk source layout, Mengniu has deployed the construction of 10 major planting, breeding and processing industrial clusters, to achieve one million dairy cattle, one million acres of pasture, one million tonnes of milk by saving and intensive use of resources, reducing energy, water and land consumption, promoting green and low- carbon development, which has driven income increase of more than 1. 50 million farmers and herdsmen.
In 2021, Mengniu and its strategic partners have built and are building more than 70 pastures, involving more than 500, 000 dairy cows.
Overall Rendering of China Dairy Industry Park 70 500, 000In 2021, Mengniu and its strategic partners have built and are building more than involving more than pastures dairy cows 39 40 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Nutrition Support Together with China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu has carried out public welfare programs such as Milk Donation, Food Education and Teacher Empowerment through Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Fund to help primary and middle school students supplement their nutrition in time during their growth and development.
Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Plan in Hongyuan County, Aba Prefecture in Sichuan Mengniu sponsored the Strong Angel project to provide free student milk to the children of the Baseball Base In 2021, the Inclusive Nutrition Plan donated 3. 03 million boxes of high- quality student milk to 185 schools in 43 cities in 19 provinces across the country 214, 475 benefiting students Multiple Support Mengniu also promoted the all- round development of the countryside through technical empowerment and fixed- point assistance according to local conditions, and organised activities such as ranch management training and dairy elite professional training, so as to achieve full coverage of technical guidance and training for farmers, herdsmen and poor farmers.
Cooperated with the National Dairy Industry and Technology System, the Sino- Danish Center and more than 200 domestic experts, the Company has carried out nearly 50 online and offline training sessions, covering 100 of the cooperative ranch through the platform of Aiyangniu, Niurenhu Education Platform and Cow Golden Key, benefiting more than 30, 000 people.
With a view to improve the quality of children's education in economically underdeveloped areas by taking the cultivation of young rural teachers as the fulcrum, Mengniu and Youth Teacher Empowerment Education Plan has completed the training of 1, 411 rural teachers in 14 counties and districts by the end of 2021.
Mengniu Inclusive Nutrition Plan in Ganzi, Sichuan Together with COFCO, Mengniu carried out the Educational Assistance and Charity Donation campaign at the Minzu Middle School in Ganzi County.
Donation site in Ganzi county 41 42 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Charity Mengniu proactively devotes to the social public welfare undertakings.
It formulated a solid strategy on public welfare and charity, and conducts diverse charity programs in the fields of epidemic prevention and disaster relief, inclusive nutrition, balance development and environmental protection.
Meanwhile, Mengniu has developed the Management System on Public Welfare Donation and the standards for employee volunteer service activities to regulate the management of donation and volunteer service activities.
Epidemic Prevention and Disaster Relief In respect of the anti- epidemic and relief of the local natural disast- ers, Mengniu always adheres to the responsibilities of a leading milk company, and has developed a complete emergency response mechanism to provide timely nutritional support for resuming work and production in disaster- stricken areas.
Together with the Red Cross of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Mengniu donates 1, 700 boxes of pure milk and yogurt immediately, ensuring that tourists and front- line anti- epidemic personnel receive adequate nutritional support.
Anti- epidemic Donation Site in Inner Mongolia 45. 85 10, 000 20, 000In 2021, Mengniu's annual expenditure on donations amounted toIn 2021, the number of Mengniu volunteers reached more than RMB millionwith a time investment of nearly hours persons China Charity Award Earthquake Disaster Relief in Sichuan, Qinghai and Yunnan ProvinceFlood Disaster Relief in Henan Province In 2021, earthquake disasters occurred successively in Sichuan Luzhou, Guoluo and Dali and other places.
Mengniu, together with China Charity Federation and Blue Sky Rescue Team, quickly launched the emergency rescue mechanism, and immediately sent dairy products to the people in the affected areas to ensure emergency nutrition.
Mengniu immediately launched the emergency response mechanism to help relief the flood disaster.
Together with the China Charity Federation and the Blue Sky Rescue Team, nutritional support including pure milk and yogurt, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese were provided to the forefront of flood relief, safeguarding the nutrition need of the front- line rescuers and the people in the disaster area.
After the earthquake in Yunnan, local students for college entrance examination drank donated milk and studied for exams Mengniu's volunteers sent various donated dairy products to the front lineChildren in disaster areas in Henan enjoyed donated milk 43 44 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Public Welfare Care Innovative Public Welfare with Surplus Food A Public Welfare Activity of Mengniu-Heroes Legacy ProgramIn 2021, Mengniu innovated charity by taking into account the initial intention of caring for the vulnerable groups in the society and food conservation, and donated unqualified products that are safe to eat (such as line- exchange mixed fruit products, and zero- package products) to the elderly in nursing homes, primary school students, sanitation workers, special children and other groups through cooperation with local civil affairs departments and the third- party public welfare organisation, Food Bank Network.
In 2021, Mengniu's factories in Ma'anshan, Jinhua and Shenyang successively organised 15 donations and donated products weighing 3. 80 tonnes.
Mengniu joined hands with Shenzhen Henghui Public Welfare Foundation to support the Heroes Legacy Program, and donated RMB6. 70 million in total to provide financial assistance to the children of front- line workers who unfortunately died in the fight against the Covid- 19 epidemic.
From 15 to 20 July 2021, Mengniu joined hands with the Heroes Legacy Program to hold the Sea of Encounters themed summer camp.
With reunion as the melody, children of the anti- epidemic heroes in the program and other parties were invited to participate in colorful activities such as welcome ceremony, concerts, art courses, technological innovation and educational sharing.
Volunteers of Mengniu donated yogurt products to the local elderly and solitary The Sea of Encounters themed summer camp provided art courses for children of anti- COVID- 19 heroesMengniu Charity Milk Donation Activity Overseas Corporate Citizenship Yoyi C launched free drinks in IndonesiaMengniu Participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) ProjectAs the most influential Chinese dairy company in the world, Mengniu also shoulders the mission of leading the Chinese dairy industry to the world in the process of international development.
Mengniu actively participated in the Dairy Nourishes Africa (DNA) project initiated by the Global Dairy Platform (GDP) to help revitalise the African dairy industry and improve the nutritional and health standards for African children under the backdrop of the epidemic, and copy the successful experience of the project on a large scale and spread the warmth to Africa.
In Indonesia and Tanzania, Mengniu has promoted the development of the local dairy industry and the employment of local talents by investing in constructing factories, co- building schools, and cultivating technical talents.
The case of Mengniu was included in the information database of the South- South and Trilateral Cooperation of the United Nations International Fund for Agricultural Development.
Bellamy's, an organic milk powder brand under Mengniu, actively donated monetary funds and supplies to charities and community groups.
It has not only delivered nutritious, healthy and delicious dairy products to overseas consumers, but also made contributions in many fields such as green environmental protection, community public welfare and poverty alleviation.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
03 Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu believes that the health of human and favorable environment is inextricably linked.
Adhering to the principle of Promsing a Healthier World, we commit to establish environmentally friendly green production systems and promise to achieve carbon neutrality in the whole industrial chain in 2050.
Under the guidance of the GREEN strategy, we formulated three topics of dual- carbon actions, green operation and recycling, comprehensively carried out the management of greenhouse gases, water resources and waste, the recycling of packing materials and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment.
Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation RecycleHighlights in 2021 A thorough climate strategy was formulated, and the strategic goal of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050 was set.
The carbon reduction case of China Shengmu of the Group was included in the Corporate Net Zero Pathway published by UNGC.
factories were certified as National- level Green Factory during the year, bringing the total number of green factories to 22. 1 National Green Supply Chain Management Enterprise was approved in the year.
The annual green energy consumption increased by 6. 87 year on year.
provincial- level water conservation enterprise certificates were obtained in the year.
Freshwater consumption per unit recorded a decrease of 2. 02 as compared with the year 2020.
PP loop boxes were advocated to be applied to replace traditional paper turnover boxes, each PP loop box reduces carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to that of traditional carton boxes.
The SDGs we focused in this section
Dual-Carbon Action Mengniu has been actively responding to global climate change.
Cooperating with the global consulting firm Boston Consulting Group (BCG) in 2021, Mengniu developed comprehensive carbon neutrality strategies in a scientific and rigorous manner, setting the strategic goal of carbon peaking in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2050, and actively explored the measurement and reduction of the absolute value of carbon dioxide emission in full scope, leading the coordinative low- carbon development of the whole industry chain, and striving to achieve the goal set in the Paris Agreement at the United Nations Climate Change Conference.
In 2021, Mengniu completed the inventory and correction of Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions in the period from 2018 to 2020 for all of the 63 factories of the Group, and conducted an estimate of Scope 3 emissions in 2020.
During the period from 2018 to 2020, total carbon dioxide emission of the Group was increasing year by year, while the intensity of carbon dioxide emission was fluctuating within a reasonable range.
In 2021, the production of the Group recorded an increase of nearly 10 from that in 2020, a significant increase as compared with the period from 2018 to 2019.
Such changes were mainly due to the overall strategic plan Creating a New Mengniu by 2025 of the Group.
Despite such increase, Mengniu Group is determined to continuously innovate and advance new energy- saving and consumption- reducing processes, and strictly controls greenhouse gas emissions during the trial operation of new plants to reduce the impact of carbon dioxide emissions from production capacity.
Tonnes CO2e) (kgCO2e kg product)The comparison of Mengniu's total carbon emissions and carbon emission intensity of Scope 1 and 2 from 2019 to 2021 49 50 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Goal Phased Goals Key RoutesMengniu Group Strives to Achieve Carbon Peaking in 2030 and Carbon Neutrality in 2050 2020 2025 2030 Phase I Phase IIDual-Carbon Climate Strategy of Mengniu Group 2050 Phase III To control the carbon emission intensity per tonne of dairy product within 165 kgCO2e t in 2025To achieve the peaking of absolute value of Scope 1 and 2 carbon emission, and control the carbon emission intensity per tonne of dairy product within 160 kgCO2e t in 2030 Production 1.
Rational application of carbon offsets 51 52 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
We established a carbon emission data inventory and statistics mechanism, independently developed a carbon emission data management system, and built an emission data accounting model.
We also improved the accuracy and rationality of the basic data of carbon emission through dual inventory of the accounting model and data system.
Mengniu Online Carbon Emission Management SystemA Dual- carbon Action Promotion Team of the Group was established to coordinate the research on important matters of carbon emission management; a Dual- carbon Action liaison is appointed in each subordinate department of relevant functions, divisions and business units, or each factory, who is responsible for the liaison in respect of specific matters.
Climate Risk Identification Mengniu has initially identified the risks and opportunities arising from climate change for the enterprise from three aspects of physical risks, transition risks and market opportunities, and adopted corresponding measures to the identified risks.
In the future, Mengniu will continuously enhance its management on climate risks and opportunities, evaluate relevant risks based on initial identification and develop contingency plans.
Climate Risk Identification Physical Climate RisksRisk Descriptions Countermeasure Acute RisksTyphoon Extreme precipitation Extreme heat Extreme cold FloodIt would seriously damage the power and water supply facilities for production, resulting in the suspension of operations of some factories' production lines and other businesses, increase the construction cost of factories and ranches due to the design cope with strong winds, and cause the interruption of supply chain of milk source, and production involving supply interruption, compensation and legal liability.
We formulated emergency rescue plans for flooding and lightning.
We formulated an emergency rescue plan for heat stroke.
We ensured the sufficient water supply to dairies and high- quality feed and established more cowsheds and shading structures.
We implemented safety risk prevention and control measures for protection and supply under extremely cold weather conditions.
We formulated typhoon emergency rescue plan.
We heightened flood defenses to improve resistance against natural disasters.
The Management System of Dual-carbon Action 53 54 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Physical Climate Risks Transition risk of climate changeRisk Descriptions Risk DescriptionsCountermeasure CountermeasureChronic Risks Risk in policies and regulations Risks in technical fieldRising sea level WarmingIt would increase the risks of write- offs and early retirement of existing assets in coastal areas with high risks, and lead to the migration of some residents, investments and business activities to inland areas which would affect existing markets.
In the long term, the national energy structure will shift to non- fossil fuel energy, and the energy use will transfer to low- emissions energy.
The government generally encourages the technology improvement and innovation on low- carbon and high efficiency economic systems, which can materially affect the organisation.
As the climate change reinforcing and the contemporary implementation of carbon trading, carbon tax and environmental tax, supervision organisations have higher requirements of the accuracy of environmental data reported by enterprises.
We continuously monitored the trends of rising sea levels.
Energy structure and energy use Carbon pricing Requirem- ents of energy technologyDisclosure of environmental informationOpportunities related to climateTransition risk of climate change Risk DescriptionsRisk Descriptions Countermeasure Efficiency, resilience, innovation and market opportunitiesRisk in market supply and demandBased on government's advocacy, carbon neutral commitment, energy project and other issues, the awareness of residents, industrial customers and investors on the energy demand side has been raised, and prefer the use of clean energy.
In terms of consumption purchase, consideration related to green and environmental protection was increased.
The energy conservation and pollution reduction, research and development of green materials, water resource management and waste management, which are brought about by the green operation, can directly save costs for the operation of the organisation in the medium and long term, and curb greenhouse gases emissions and waste emissions worldwide to a certain extent.
For the dairy industry, the considerations of future development include corresponding risk management in tackling climate change, searching for green alternatives for technology, improving production efficiency, designing new production processes, and researching new products, which can diversify the products and marketing campaigns of the Company and strengthen the resilience of dairy enterprises.
Changes in customers' preference Resource efficiency Energy sources Adaptability Products and services 55 56 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
North ChinaNortheast East China South ChinaSouthwestCentral China North ChinaNortheast East China South Chin aSouthwestCentral Chi na North ChinaNortheast East China South ChinaSouthwestCentral ChinaPhysical Risks Transition Risks Opportunities Carbon pricing Energy sources Changes in customers preference Resource e ciency Requirements of energy technology Disclosure of environmental i nformation Ada ptability Products and servi ces Energy structure and resource usageExtreme precipitation Extreme cold Extreme heat Flood Rising sea level Climate warming Typhoon Maj or b ene t Large bene t General b ene t Mildly favora ble b ene t Material risk General risk Higher risk Low risk Material risk General risk Higher risk Low risk South China Sea South China SeaSouth China Sea 57 58 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Greenhouse Gas Management Mengniu formulated an effective strategy for reducing emissions, established a three- level management structure of Group- Business Division- Factory and conducted carbon inventories in the Group at operational level.
Mengniu prioritizes carbon emission management in dairy farms with major raw milk suppliers, such as conducting carbon inventories during the process of animal husbandry, promoting the use of clean energy in dairy farms and optimizing feces management.
Large- scale animal husbandry groups such as China Shengmu and Modern Farming invested by Mengniu have completed carbon calculation and started to formulate climate strategies and planning emission reduction pathway.
Carbon Emission Management for Raw Milk Suppliers Carbon Emission Management of Raw Milk of China Shengmu Carbon Emission Management of Ice Cream Product Business Unit World-class Excrement Recycling of China Modern Dairy Ma'anshan Smokeless Factory Shengmu incorporated carbon reduction into carbon emission management for raw milk and each operation process, and established a green low- carbon ecological circle driven by dual layouts of Planting, Rearing and Processing carbon reduction and Agriculture, Forestry and Meadow carbon sequestration.
In 2021, the actual carbon emissions of Shengmu were approximately 660, 000 tonnes and emission intensity decreased by 5. 70.
In three major emission units of herd breeding, feed planting and processing, carbon emissions were reduced to 570, 000 tonnes, 77, 000 tonnes and 13, 000 tonnes, respectively on a year- on- year basis.
In 2021, Shengmu has submitted an application to SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative) and RE100 (100 renewable energy), and was recorded as a sustainable case of the first representative enterprise in China's animal husbandry in Corporate Net Zero Pathway issued by UNGC.
Mengniu Ice Cream Product BU identified the key measures of carbon footprint management Biogas power generation Dangyang factory has achieved the goal of comprehensive utilization of energy.
The power output was used for electricity consumption of internal sewage plant, the excess power was used in the factory and the waste heat of biogas engine exhaust was recycled for heating tank of sewage station.
Series cleaning and transformation the factory carried out cleaning water recovery and transformation, saving 42, 879 kWh of electricity and 320 tonnes of steam by various technical transformation.
China Modern Dairy increased digestion rate of milk through reasonable feeding management and breeding.
The overall carbon emission of gastrointestinal fermentation of dairy cattle amounted to 0. 52 kg CO2e kg FPCM.
Carbon emission of feces management in ranches were approximately 0. 19 kg CO2e kg FPCM, lower than Midwest part of America, California, Ontario in Canada, Australia and other regions and countries, which reduced over 40 carbon emissions as compared with a vast majority of systems during the processes of feces management and energy consumption.
The Ma'anshan factory of Mengniu Chilled Product Business Unit independently designed the steam waste heat recovery device, which recovered 100 of the waste heat, reduced the safety and quality risk compared with before recovery, and improved the steam heat exchange efficiency.
The waste heat originally discharged to the atmosphere, like white smoke in the air, was used on cold water in the workshop, turning about 90 tonnes of cold water to hot water about 75 per day for workshop use.
This innovation can save nearly 10 tonnes of steam originally consumed per day, reduce about 500 tonnes of standard coal and corresponding carbon emissions per year, and reduce around 15 tonnes of SO2 emissions.
The completion rate of self- accounting carbon emission was 100, and we will stably produce zero- carbon benchmark products in the future.
Systematic Management Technology Diversity Green and Low CarbonAiming at the most advanced management standards, Mengniu promoted ISO50001 energy management system certification to achieve 100 full coverage of its own factories; formed a pillar team for energy- saving and cost- reduction covering 61 factories of the six business divisions by applying TPM energy- saving and cost- reduction tools and methods; innovated the use of visualized tool and prevented and controlled energy compliant risks by conducting risk identification and outputting a visual map for 4 risk areas of solar energy, wind energy, water resources and energy efficiency improvement of electromechanical equipment.
The application of energy conservation and carbon reduction technology is promoted by mobilizing the flexible use of various resources and the concept of exploration- pilot- promotion.
technologies on energy and water conservation and 4 new technologies on energy conservation and carbon reduction were independently discovered and output in 2021. 56 energy conservation projects were renovated throughout the year, which can save about 1, 500 tonnes of standard coal.
The use of green renewable resources was constantly promoted to create green manufacturing demonstrations, develop the application of multi- energy complementary technologies, and help clean and low- carbon operation of enterprises.
In 2021, the utilisation of green energy increased by 6. 87 year on year, and 5 state- level green factory certificates and 1 state- level green supply chain management corporate certificate were obtained.
The corresponding production line on the end can realize the collection, distribution and real- time calculation of energy data on the production line, the side can realize the calculation, monitoring and alarm of plant level data, and the cloud can realize the energy statistics, analysis and early warning of end- side at the group level, so as to guide the Group's energy conservation and consumption reduction through information tools, and facilitate the achievement of the dual carbon goal.
Acquisition synchronizationFunctional module (energy management platform) Data access service (providing data storage and computing functions) energy consumption calculation, output calculation Data acquisition interface connection Web page upload, import and input System interface connectionInfrastructure management Energy monitoring Energy management Energy decision- making User managementVariety managementElectrical monitoringProcessConsumption and costUnit energy consumptionDaily reporting of consumptionGas to electricity ratio Authority managementPlant model managementWater monitoringHistorical curveEnergy structure analysisProduct energy consumptionPeaks and valleysWater treatment efficiency Meter reading system OPCHost computer systemManual meter reading and entryManual meter reading and entryThird party energy management system Room temperature plantLow temperature plant Ice product plant Low temperature plantRoom temperature plantEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary metersEnergy Water meters, electricity meters, flow meters, secondary meters User Group Cloud PlantEnergy data centre 61 62 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendixEnvironment Carbon Net- Zero
Usage of Renewable Energy Mengniu continued to promote renewable energy.
In 2021, the Group realized the application of solar photovoltaic power generation of 8, 698 MWh, biomass energy produced 289, 575 tonnes of steam, and the total annual output of renewable energy was equivalent to 28, 655 tonnes of standard coal.
Mengniu collects meteorological measurement data and solar radiation in the location of the factory in use of the Meteonorm and NASA databases, calculates the power generation and wind power density of the photovoltaic power generation system by identifying and analyzing the distribution characteristics and intensity of wind energy and solar energy to create a new energy distribution map.
It also continuously expands the amount of distributed photovoltaics based on priorities in project implementation and explores the application of wind energy, which serves as a reference for new R&E projects and applications of renewable energy.
Mengniu's New Energy Map Wind power density distribution map (watt square meter)Wind power density distribution map (watt square meter) Solar thermal radiation distribution map (megajoule square meter per year)Solar thermal radiation distribution map (megajoule square meter per year) Wuhan Green Sustainable Factory Photovoltaic Transformation of Jinhua FactoryMengniu's new factory in Wuhan was officially put into operation in March 2021.
The factory applies 219 industry- leading new technologies (including energy- saving vertical boiler, automatic control of central air conditioning in clean room, quick cooling tunnel, etc.) to build an intelligent manufacturing, green and sustainable cutting- edge factory.
The solar photovoltaic project of Mengniu's factory in Jinhua was officially put into use in 2021, with an installed capacity of 4. 70 MW and an annual design power generation of 4, 700 MWh.
After actual operation, the current daily power generation is 12. 50 MWh, and the use of solar photovoltaic energy can reduce carbon emissions by 4, 243 tonnes per year.
power generation of photovoltaic panel in Mengniu's factory in Wuhan Green Operation During the year of 2021, there were 0 environmental complaints the evidence collection rate of pollutant discharge permit of grass- roots factories wascompliance for supervisory inspections compliance for the pollutant emission compliance for the emission of various indicators the known level I and level II environmental protection risks have been rectified, and the rectification rate was0 100100 100100 100Mengniu takes ensuring compliance and promoting development as the ecological and environmental protection management idea, formulates perfect green operation management system and policies, improves water resources management system and measures, properly handles hazardous wastes and non- hazardous wastes, and actively carries out green related system certification.
The Group attaches importance to green management in the process of operation, reduces pollutant emissions in manufacturing, transportation and daily office, and carries out ecological and environmental protection management around the hierarchical control list of ecological and environmental protection, the matching list of pollution prevention and control facilities, the rectification list of key risks of ecological and environmental protection and the pollutant discharge permit file, so as to continuously improve the capability of the enterprise for pollution prevention and control.
During the year of 2021, there were 0 environmental complaints, 100 compliance for supervisory inspections, 100 compliance for the emission of various indicators, the evidence collection rate of pollutant discharge permit of grass- roots factories was 100, and 100 compliance for the pollutant emission.
As of the end of 2021, the known level I and level II environmental protection risks have been rectified, and the rectification rate was 100.
Priority shall be given to newly- built mergers and acquisitions in areas with high wind power density Priority shall be given to newly- built mergers and acquisitions in areas with high solar thermal radiation South China Sea South China Sea 63 64 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Green Operation and Management Mengniu proactively implements green operation, and in compliance with various laws and regulations on environmental protection, continuously enhances environment management and conduct third party certification with a view to reducing food waste in production to a maximum and integrating green operations into corporate operations at all levels.
Our environmental protection systems including the Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection, Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning, Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling, and Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects align with 196 national comprehensive and special environmental protection laws and regulations in 22 categories, to ensure environmental compliance of project construction and the process of production and manufacturing.
Environmental Management Solid waste management Environmental risk mapComprehensive management of project construction and environmental protectionWe drafted and issued the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System simultaneously in accordance with the changes and provisions in the newly revised Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste, which further regulates the management requirements of general solid waste, hazardous waste, construction waste and domestic waste throughout the whole process from generation, collection, storage, transportation and disposal.
By the end of 2021, the Company used the environmental risk map to supervise and accelerate the completion of rectification of 123 key environmental risks in total, ensuring the compliance of production and operation.
Sample of Environmental Risk Map Risk categoryEnvironmental risk itemRisk degreeFundamental plant Subsidiary ranch Division Division Division Division Division Division DivisionDairy Dairy WastewaterLack of facilities for pollution prevention and control Primary Example Treatment facilities for dephosphorization, and denitrificationSecondary Example Example Waste gasElimination of coal fire- boilersSecondary Example Example Example Example Odour from sewage water plant and ranchQuaternary Example Example Example ManureTreatment of ranches manureContinuous concernExample Example Example MonitoringCompliance of environmental testingTertiary Example Solid wastesCompliant treatment of hazardous wasteTertiary Example Example Example General solid wastes Quaternary Example Example Example Noises Factory noises Quaternary Example Example RadiationRadiation safety and managementQuaternary Example ManagementThree simultaneous in Environmental projectionTertiary Example Example Example Example Example Discharge permit Tertiary Example Example Example The environmental management system certificationQuaternary Example Example Example Example Emergency managementQuaternary Example Example Specialized environmental protection personnelQuaternary Example Example BOT ROT riskContinuous concernExample Example Example Example Rectification rate Primary risk Secondary risk Tertiary risk Quaternary risk Continuous concern 65 66 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Environmental Management Action Plan Establish the hierarchal control list of ecological and environmental protection, and reinforce the control of plants in key ecological and environmental protection area.
The Company reinforced the control requirement especially for plants located in key area and ensure fund investment, carried out improvement and enhancement of ecological and environmental protection in strict compliance with the latest laws, regulations and standards.
In 2021, RMB17 million will be invested in hardware facilities renovation to complete 56 renovation projects, including renovation of sludge generation reduction, water sewage plant facilities and deodorization facilities.
ISO Certified Plants Mengniu continuously carries out the occupational health and safety management system and environmental management system audit certification to meet the requirements of related laws and regulations and its own business.
All the legal entities that participated in the audit have respectively obtained independent GB T45001- 2020 ISO45001 2018, GB T14001- 2016 ISO14001 2015 Management Systems Certificate.
Mengniu Group obtained the ISO14001 2015 certification certificate The One Gram of Milk Initiative In 2021, Mengniu carried out the Preventive Maps of Milk Loss Save Every Gram of Milk, and set up Milk Loss Card to target and decrease milk loss.
In 2021, the One Gram of Milk initiative accumulatively saved up to approximately 1, 561 tonnes of milk.
As a food production enterprise, Mengniu attaches extra importance to the reduction of food waste and integrates it into every sector in the production and operation.
On World Food Day (16 October) every year, Mengniu carries out anti- food waste promotion activities, making full use of the Group's intranet, LED screens, posting slogans and self- media to actively establish and promote anti- food waste experiences, practices and advanced models.
Employees could record their clean plates for meals via the Clean Plate Punching Mini- Program, with a total of 19, 000 headcounts participating in the Group's Clean Plate Punching in 2021, representing food conservation equal to 1. 26 tonnes of Buffet.
with a total of representing food conservation equal to 19, 000 1. 26 headcounts participating in the Group's Clean Plate Punching in 2021tonnes of Buffet 67 68 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Honours and Recognitions The case of food waste reduction was selected as a Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in 2021 in the 2nd Green Economy Development Forum jointly held by People's Daily Online, All- China Environmental Federation and the Center for Environmental Education and Communications of Ministry of Ecology and Environment; Selected as Classic Demonstration of Carbon Neutrality in 2021 GOAL- Green Operation and Life We seek to integrate sustainability into corporate operations and employees' daily life.
Nine modules in the GOAL system of Mengniu's Chilled Product Business Unit, i. e, water, energy and climate change, zero waste, air pollution and substances of concern (SOC), People and Nature, the conviction that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, ecological economy, renewable agriculture, and sustainable supply chain, were established for the GOAL- green operation and life.
Water Sustainable water management Air pollution and SOC- substance of concern Renewable agriculture Biodiversity Rural revitalization Sustainable soil GOAL actor United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Green Operation and LifeGreen operation and lifeSustainable supply chain Sustainable consumptionLifecycle Ecological economyZero waste Incorporation of circular economyEnergy and carbon emissions Response to climate changeLucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assetsHuman and nature Education on the knowledge of the natureWater Resource Management Mengniu is committed to promoting the all- round way management of water resources focusing on the concept of prioritizing water conservation and balanced development.
It constantly reduces the pressure of production and operation on local water resources by implementing 3U water conservation strategy, enhancing management and control of target indicators, drawing water resources distribution map and water flow map and creating water conservation demonstration activity, to improve the awareness of water saving in the upstream and downstream of the entire industry chain.
The fresh water consumption per unit product of the Group in 2021 decreased by 2. 02 as compared to that in 2020, and the total water conservation in 2021 was 1. 48 million tonnes (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water conservation).
The reclaimed water reuse rate in 2021 was 9. 68.
The rate of alternative water resources utilization was 9. 18. 4 entities were certified as provincial water- saving enterprises.
entities were certified as provincial water- saving enterprises4 Target Control Drawing Water Resource Map Mengniu established the Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Committee, of which the CEO serves as the chairman, and the vice president of the group takes charge of the management of water strategy and performance, allocation of tasks to each Business Unit, sign of letter of commitment with person in charge of the business divisions and fulfillment and follow- up for monthly improvement in the performance contract.
Gansu Guizhou Heilongjian AnhuiInner Mongolia TianjinShaanxi Liaoning Xizang Sichuan Zhejiang Chongqing Fujian Sufficient Scarce Extent of water scarcityHainan Guangdong Jiangsu GuangxiHunan JiangxiHubeiBeijingJilin Ningxia Henan Hebei ShandongShanxi Qinghai XinjiangExcellent Good Medium Bad Analysis of the pros and cons of water qualityBad Excellent 69 70 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Water Conservation Management The company prioritizes water conservation and balanced development to strengthen source and process control.
The logic of water saving management strategy is Conducting compliance inspection on water intake and drainage in terms of four aspects, namely application for water drawing certificates, three- level measurement of water drawing equipment rate, application for drainage permit and provision of drainage measuring instruments; Establishing water- saving demonstration and promoting the construction of water resource management system covering pipe network equipment, water metering management, water balance test, water- saving technology transformation and investment, water- saving publicity and other aspects by selecting pilot units and conducting empowerment and focus support.
Wastewater Treatment In 2021, the Company invested over RMB100 million to ensure the daily stable operation of its subsidiary wastewater treatment plants.
At the same time, the Company established pollutant discharge permit information files for the Group, carried out major supervision and management for key ecological protection areas, strictly implemented the requirements of pollutant discharge permit management, and verified pollutant discharge compliance in environmental protection inspection and examination.
At present, more than 30 wastewater treatment facilities have realized data transmission and real- time monitoring, including key water pollutant indicators such as pH, COD, ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen as well as wastewater treatment volume indicators, ensuring that the terminal effluent meets national and local standards for pollutant discharge concentration and total volume and the sewage discharge is in compliance with the laws and regulations.
The Company draws a flow map in terms of the utilisation process starting from the entire process of water resources utilisation, determines the water use points with water- saving potential, formulates water resource risk warning map, develops improvement strategy and focuses on the water- saving technical transformation.
Lean management and methodologies were introduced in water conservation to unify water conservation concept, discover and introduce new technologies, new methods and new processes.
We implemented 61 water conservation and technology transformation processes to systematically explore the potential of water conservation to give full play to the application of water resources.
Meanwhile, we also promoted the upgrading and reconstruction of the equipment and facility for water pollution control.
Eight Water Conservation MeasuresReclaimed water recycling Cooling tower water conservation Equipment cooling water recycling Steam cooling water recycling Equipment cleaning water recyclingCar washing, floor washing and toilet flushing CIP cleaning optimization Water conservation renovation of water treatment workshopData specification The total water consumption in 2021 28, 643, 224. 80 tonnes 27, 183, 204 tonnes 24, 551, 190 tonnes 2, 632, 013 tonnesThe volume of wastewater treatment in 2021 The recycling volume of reclaimed water in 2021 The discharge volume of reclaimed water in 2021 1234 5 6 7 8 3U 71 72 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Recycle Green PackagingUnder the concept of lifecycle design and production, Mengniu is committed to designing and using more recoverable packages for comprehensive and sustainable product packaging certification.
Mengniu promotes recyclable packaging and, to minimise landfill, steadily reduces packaging waste through research and innovation.
After implementing such measure, Bameng room temperature factory and Helinsi room temperature factory have saved 138, 000 tonnes and 54, 000 tonnes of water each year, respectively.
Water balance map of Mengniu The water balance map is kept optimizing by labeling key water consumption areas, developing regional objectives and conducting day- to- day management through red- green comparison, and improvement measures are taken to improve and verify with the table of analysis for areas beyond the scope to form a complete and sustainable close- loop management.
The map is tracked on a regular basis to ensure the benign operating condition of the plants.
Reclaimed water recycling Plant reclaimed water was recycled for greening, irrigation, toilet cleaning and for other uses.
tonnes of water was saved.
Under the control of the interlock of the 2 pasteurizers, the circulating water pump can be started with the start of either pasteurizer, and stops running as the pasteurizer stops running.
The operator is reminded by an alarm buzzer.
Approximately 2, 100 tonnes of drinking water was saved throughout the year.
Frost water recycling Idle equipment is applied to provide the cold storage that requires regular frosting twice a week with an additional 20- tonne water storage tank, so as to achieve recycling of forest water.
Approximately 3, 600 tonnes of tap water was saved throughout the year.
Water Conservation Measures for Room Temperature business Unit Water Conservation Measures for Chilled Product Business Unit Water Conservation Measures for Ice Cream Product Business Unit 73 74 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
In 2021, Mengniu has made breakthrough and progress in lightweight packaging design, closed- loop application of dairy packaging and application research of recycled materials of its product packaging.
Green Packaging Management of Room Temperature Business Unit The solution of mold core changingCooling water pipe Mold core schematic diagram of preform weight reduction In 2021, the Chilled Product Business Unit of Mengniu reduced the consumption of PET, PE, PP and PVC by 215 tonnes, 444 tonnes, 53 tonnes and 5. 89 tonnes, respectively.
Integration project of PET industry chain We integrated the preformed products, unified the bottle neck and reduced the gram weight of bottle cap and preform.
PE materials were replaced by the PET materials to promote green packing and reduce raw materials.
Yoyi C 340 bottles were reduced from 23. 60g to 23. 40g; 2. 200g- 220g yogurt bottles were reduced from 23g to 21. 30g; 3. 450 bottles and Yoyi C800 bottles were unified to PET instead of PE; 4.
Bottle caps were uniformly reduced from 3. 50g to 3. 20gSize modification project of small Yoyi C bottle label The width of Yoyi C bottle label reduced from 86mm to 70mm, and the PVC consumption was decreased.
G bottle label project Since December 2021, the bottle label of 100ml, 330ml, 340ml and 800ml Yoyi C products used PET.
G instead of PVC in order to reduce PVC materials that are potentially harmful to the environment or human.
Material modification project of Prepack carton The material of Prepack carton was modified to 170 170 170 from 200 170 170, and the base paper material was decreased by 30g m2.
Material modification project of turnover containers The material of turnover containers for rainy season was modified to 200 170 200 from 250 140 250, and the base paper consumption was decreased by 70g m2.
Green Packaging Management of Fresh Milk Business Unit Roof wrapping form is newly increased for Shiny Meadow.
It adopts paperboard wrapping and direct surface printing and the materials are more environmentally friendly.
Three products with smaller volume were launched.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Recycling Packaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and all food enterprises to practice environmental protection.
Therefore, Mengniu is committed to using more renewable materials, promoting the recycling of packaging, and participating in the development of standards for the industry to reduce the use of natural resources and environmental pollution caused by packaging.
Mengniu has joined a joint task force for the supply chain of green and recyclable plastics established jointly by China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation and the China National Resources Recycling Association.
As a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy- to- Collect and Easy- to- Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which filled the gap in the easier recovery plastic products and design criteria for reproducibility in China.
Mengniu also participated in CPRRA (China Plastics Reuse and Recycling Association) on discussion of the PET recyclability design standards and co- developed the PET Recyclability Design Guide for better recycling of the products'containers.
Innovative Use of Post-Consumer Recycled Plastic (PCR) Mengniu integrates industrial ecological forces, unites plastic raw material suppliers, packaging manufacturers, recyclers and other industrial chain parties to realize the recycling of plastic packaging for the first time in the Chinafood industry, and fully applies PCR (the content of recycled materials reaches 13 to 24 ) as product packaging films.
Post- consumer milk bucket Product applicationPCR particles Closed loop PCR Shrink FilmPCR resin formulationsYoyi C using PCR wrap Honor certificate for PCR wrap case PCR wrap recycling system diagram PP Recycled Box Replacing Traditional Turnover Boxes Recyclable Packages Applied to Fruit Particles The First Waste Plastic Recycling Road in ChinaMengniu, together with auxiliary material suppliers and partners, fully uses non- toxic, non- hazardous and odour- free PP material turnover boxes to replace traditional cartonnes at Point of Sales.
Each PP material containers reduces the carbon footprint by 57. 50 compared to traditional corrugated boxes.
After the full replacement, the Company will save 670 million paper material containers every year, and indirectly save 103, 000 tonnes of paper.
TOTE recyclable packages are adopted in replace of aseptic bag and carton packaging for fruit particles, which helped reduce the use of 240, 000 cartons and 240, 000 sterile bags, which amount to 293 tonnes of paper and 29 tonnes of aluminum foil.
Mengniu, in collaboration with Dow and East China University of Science and Technology, built the first waste plastic recycling road in China by using discarded plastic bottles.
Through this innovation, we hope to find a unique solution to the social problem of recycling plastic waste and at the same time, we can further disseminate the relevant knowledge of the sustainable use of waste plastics, and enhance public awareness of environmental protection.
Under the guidance of the GREEN strategy, we formulated three topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation to build a responsible industrial chain, explore ecological agriculture and protect the nature, ultimately realize the sustainable development of the whole industry ecosystem.
The total number of suppliers was 658, including 614 suppliers in mainland China and 44 overseas suppliers.
On- site assessments were conducted on 485 suppliers, with a supplier coverage rate of 74.
The Code of Conduct for suppliers (COC) was improved, requiring all suppliers to sign and comply with regulations on environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights, business ethics, etc.
All procured raw materials and auxiliary materials have obtained FSSC 22000, FDA registration, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 22000, HACCP, BRC or other standard system certifications.
A total of more than 360 training on veterinary drug use were held, covering more than 5, 500 person- times.
cooperative ranches were awarded the title of National Pilot Farms for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial drugs.
Its subsidiary China Shengmu has applied 220, 000 mu (about 146. 67 million square meters) of organic fertilizers to the fields during the year, reducing the use of chemical fertilizers by approximately 7. 50 million tonnes.
Its subsidiary Bellamy's and China Environmental Protection Foundation jointly released the Blue Planet public welfare project.
employees participated in the beach clean- up activity, picking up a total of approximately 1, 997 kilograms of coastal garbage, covering an area of 210, 000 square meters.
SDGs we focused in this section Highlights in 2021
The Entire Process of Supplier ManagementSustainable Procurement Responsible Supply Chain ManagementMengniu strengthens supplier management, continues to promote the construction of a responsible supply chain, and expands its sustainable development requirements to upstream and downstream supply chains.
Mengniu adheres to the principles of open, fair, and equitable procurement, continues to improve its supplier management system and evaluates suppliers' ESG risks in all links to reduce environmental and social risks in the supply chain.
Supplier Management Mengniu has formulated the internal rules and regulations of Mengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Materials, which implements hierarchical and differentiated management of suppliers from the links of supplier admission, daily management, improvement, performance and optimization, and establishes a complete quality management system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply.
Supplier Admission According to the primary screening criteria and 120 assessment criteria, implement on- site assessments to verify whether it meets the access requirements.
Project Improvement Set up a project team and implement specified improvement measures in accordance with the prerequisites and management principles of the project.
Supplier Performance and Optimization Performance Appraisal The performance appraisals are performed based on the standards for evaluating the performance of suppliers and the performance of suppliers is classified by rating.
The performance is evaluated once a year.
In addition, as of 2021, Mengniu revised the Code of Conduct for Suppliers (COC) which requires all the partners to sign and comply with the rules in respect of environmental protection, health and safety, labour rights and business ethics.
Through the implementation of the Code, we managed to effectively convey the sustainable development requirements of Mengniu to both upstream and downstream partners thus gradually establishing a joint sustainable concept and standardized code of conduct, which effectively pushed forward the sustainable development of the entire supplier chain.
As of December 31st, 2021, Mengniu had a total of 658 suppliers, including 614 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 44 overseas suppliers.
In addition, Mengniu has formulated the Product Traceability Management System to establish a traceability management mechanism, covering the whole process from raw materials and raw milk reception to sales outlets, to ensure that the raw materials of the product could be traced back to the place of origin.
We required a 100 review of direct contact materials, which included verification of the effectiveness of traceability drills.
In 2021, the Company's products can be 100 traced back to the origin milk sources.
In 2021, the Company's products can be 100 traced back to raw milk origin.
During the procurement process, we gave priority to suppliers certified by relevant international standards.
The raw materials and auxiliary materials purchased by Mengniu have obtained FSSC 220003, FDA registration4, ISO 90015, ISO 140016, ISO 220007, HACCP8, BRC9 and other standard system certifications.
Major Issues of The Code of Conduct for Suppliers Environment Health and Safety Labour Rights Business Ethics Compliance with environmental laws and regulations Environmental management Resource conservation Climate change Waste managementPrevention of occupational diseases Healthy and safe working environmentNon- discrimination Freedom of association Freedom of expression Protection of human rights Elimination of child labour Prohibition of forced labour Regulated working timeAnti- corruption Anti- unfair competition Anti- commercial bribery Gifts and hospitality 3Food Safety System Certification (FSSC 22000) is a global and auditable standard under the food safety management system.
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) is the certification for the management system of hazard analysis and critical control point targeted at food production companies to ensure the safety of food in the production process.
The certification focuses on the safety and risks facing the consumers.
Supplier Daily Management File management Regularly update the supplier's qualification, the directory, and other file materials in the supplier information management system to ensure effectiveness.
Inspection upon arrival Verify compliance based on material standards and quality control plans.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Supplier Risk Assessment Supplier Empowerment TrainingMengniu has formulated the Mengniu Responsibility Supply Chain ESG Risk List, incorporated the supply chain ESG management content into bidding documents, evaluation and assessment, and other control links, and regularly carried out assessment and identification of the environment, health and safety, labour rights and ethics risks of the supply chain.
In 2021, Mengniu organised training on quality and safety for all its suppliers.
In addition, we developed special improvement plans for suppliers who need to make improvements, aiming to promote the mutual growth of our supplier partners and Mengniu Group.
In 2021, Mengniu organised 12 training sessions for more than 658 suppliers on quality culture, ESG management, corporate culture and anti- corruption initiatives.
As of the end of 2021, Mengniu has conducted on- site assessments on 485 suppliers, and the supplier coverage rate has reached 74.
In 2021, the signing rate of Mengniu's Sunshine Agreement with suppliers reached 99. 80.
The system clearly stipulates that supplier who has caused significant losses to Mengniu Group in terms of economy, brand and reputation due to falsifying, malicious bidding, malicious defaults, breach of the principle of integrity, breach of the terms of the Sunshine Agreement, or other reasons causing economic, brand, and reputation loss will be blacklisted after identification.
In particular, blacklisted suppliers for violating the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently prohibited; other blacklisted suppliers will be prohibited for five years.
In addition, we have set up a channel for whistleblowing and complaining about integrity issues of suppliers, and regularly conducted anti- corruption audits of suppliers to investigate and deal with illegal and non- compliant behaviors promptly.
Mengniu's Sunshine Agreement signing rate with suppliers reached 99. 80 A safe and high- quality milk source is the essence of producing premium dairy products.
For raw milk suppliers, Mengniu implements strict management processes and continues to provide them with financial and technical support to contribute to the sustainable development of the farms.
Mengniu has formulated the management document of Ranch Quality and Safety Management System, under which it implements the whole- process standardized management for all cooperative pastures, covering 8 dimensions and 92 modules, including hay planting, ranch construction, cow feeding, milk production, milk storage, milk transportation, procurement management, monitoring and improvement.
Meanwhile, we also developed the Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and the Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual, to strictly regulate the standardized ranch operating procedures, which encompass 18 modules, 108 secondary modules, and 469 key points, including ranch design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, cow herd management, and parlor management, etc.
In 2021, the total number of cooperative ranches in the Group remained stable, and the milk volume increased by 12 year- on- year.
In 2021, Mengniu cooperated with a number of financial institutions to issue a series of financial products, through which the Company invested over RMB7 billion in support of upstream small and medium pastures.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Green Procurement of Raw Material We Encourage Bellamy's Practising the Principle of Green ProcurementMengniu actively promotes sustainable procurement certification among suppliers to strengthen forest protection and reduce the risk of deforestation.
We prioritize the use of sterile recyclable packaging materials certified by the FSC or SFI program.
In 2021, Mengniu procured approximately 20 billion packs of paper packages, all of which passed the FSC certification.
Spec ific informati on regardi ng products and sites i s listed in the appendix(es) of this certificate.
The vali dity and exact scope covered by this cert ificate shal l always be veri fied at www.
org This certificate itself does not constitute evidence that particular product suppli ed b y the certificate holder is FSC certified or FSC Cont rolled W ood.
Produc ts offered, shipped or sold by the certificate holder can only be cons idered covered by the scope of this certificate when the requ ired FSC claim is clearly stated o n invoices and s hipping docu ments.
Laura T errall Kohl er Director, NEPCo n Assur ance Filosoofi 31, Tartu Estoni a NEPCon O here by confirms that the C hain of Custody system of SSIIGG IInntteerrnnaattiioonnaall SSeerrvviicceess GGmmbbHH Rurstrasse 58 Linnich, 52441 German y has been assessed and certified as meeting the requirements of FFSSCC--SSTTDD--4400--000033 VV22--11;; FFSSCC--SSTTDD--4400--000044 VV33--00;; FFSSCC--SSTTDD--5500--000011 VV22--00 The certif icate is valid from 08-06-2019 to 07-06-2024 Certificate version date 05-06-2019 SSccooppee ooff cceerrttiiffiiccaattee Certificate t ype Multisite (No common ownership) Chain of Custody CCeerrttiiffiiccaattee rreeggiissttrraattiioonn ccooddee NC-C OC-012945 FFSSCC LLiicceennssee CCooddee FSC-C020 428 CERTIFIC ATE for TETR A PAK GROUP Ruben Rausings gata Lund, 221 86, Sweden CERTIFICA TE SCOPE Certificate Type Multi-Site Chain of Custody Standard(s) FSC-STD-40-003 V2-1; FSC-STD- 40-004 V2- 1 Product Group(s) Paperboard packaging materia l Valid from June 11, 201 7 to June 10, 2022 Certificate Registration Code RA-COC-0 0241 3 FSC License Code FSC-C0 1404 7 Certificate Issue Number IN-2017-1 As a multi-site certificate, the activities and products included in the scope of this certificate are performed by a netw ork of participating sites.
Additional details regarding the scope, including a full list of products, species, and participating site s are available at info.
Laura T errall, Director, Certification Rainf orest Alliance 233 Br oadw ay, 28th Floor New York, NY 10279 USA Rainforest Alliance is an FSC accredited certifier FSC A000520 The validity of this cer tificate shall be verified on in fo.
This cer tificate does not constitute evidence that a particular product supplied by the certificate holder is FSC certified and or FSC Controlled Wood.
Products offered, shipped or sold by the certific ate holder can only be considered covered by the scope of this certificate when t he required FSC claim is clearly stated on in voices and shipp ing documents.
This certific ate and all copies o r reproductions of this certific ate shall be returned or destroyed if requested by Rainforest Alliance.
the FSC certification obtained by SIG Combibloc Group the FSC certification obtained by Tetra Pak Group Mengniu's ranches use soybean meal, a by- product generated from oil extraction of soybean, as feeds for dairy cows.
Mengniu encourages soybean meal suppliers to proactively trace the place of origin of soybeans and to give priority to soybeans without deforestation risk.
In 2021, the revenue of the products with palm oil accounted for approximately 1 of the Company's major business revenue, and 100 of Mengniu's palm oil suppliers passed the RSPO10certification; 10Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO).
The main purpose of RSPO certification is to maintain the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) planting, processing, and trade, and gradually establish the sustainable development of palm oil products.
Mengniu actively fulfilled its environmental responsibilities, implemented green procurement of raw materials, and built a green supply chain.
In 2021, Mengniu strengthened the green procurement management of raw materials and promoted the improvement of environmental protection, quality, and safety of suppliers.
that suppliers establish quality management system, pass third party certifications, such as organic certification, green food certification, and others; that suppliers establish improved system for the bases, monitor and investigate the quality of soil, water and air as well as the quality of raw materials of bases on a regular basis and summarize and evaluate the status and results of bases management on a regular basis; that suppliers establish management system for pesticides, veterinary drugs and other chemicals and list of qualified suppliers and implement procurement from suppliers selected from the list, regulate the medication safety interval and drug dosage, regulate quarantine, with no use of pesticides, veterinary drugs and other agricultural inputs prohibited by the state.
Major suppliers of Bellamy's under Mengniu have developed global sustainable development and social responsibility plans to ensure the sustainability of raw material procurement and production.
Meanwhile, Bellamy's considers the suppliers' carbon emission plan and awareness, the emission and pollution policies, and water consumption and water discharge policies to ensure that there will be no negative impact on the environment during the suppliers' operation.
COFCO International, the main soybean meal supplier of Mengniu's Aiyangniu platform integrated procurement platform, announced that by the end of December 2021, it had achieved the traceability for 100 directly purchased soybeans from Matopiba, an important soybean producing area in Brazil.
COFCO International and the International Finance Corporation (IFC), a member of the World Bank, use satellite images and geographic data to map the suppliers' farms and monitor their dynamics to ensure that they meet a series of sustainable development standards, including no engagement in deforestation and vegetation destruction, no activities carried out in environmental reserves, no invasion of the land of aborigines, etc.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Sustainable Agriculture Animal WelfareMengniu is committed to developing sustainable agriculture.
Construction of Animal Welfare Standard System In 2021, Mengniu cooperated with the China Association for the Promotion of International Agricultural Cooperation and other entities to participate in the compilation and release the first group standard titled Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows in China.
The standard upholds the concept of treating animals scientifically, reducing animals' pain and stress response, providing suitable growth environment and nutrition for animals, and improving animals' quality of life and health level, and normalizes the animal welfare standards of dairy cows in the whole process of breeding, transportation, and elimination.
In addition, we also focus on the welfare and healthy breeding of dairy cows, highlighting the improvement of precision nutrition, perinatal management, silage action and stress prevention, and control of dairy cows, and promote such practices in all cooperative pastures across the country according to the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattles in Farm prepared and released in 2020.
Five Benefits in the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System Psychological welfare Behavioral welfare Environmental welfare Hygienic welfare Physiological welfare No fear or sadness in lifeExpress nature Living comfortably No pain, injury or diseaseNo thirst and hunger Grouping management Milking management Breeding programme Delivery process Calf feeding procedureFaeces urine clean- up Bedding maintenance Comfort managementNewborn cattle care Health and careSource and storage of fresh water and forage Drinking water management Total mixed ration (TMR) production TMR feeding Trough managementMengniu continually takes a deep dive into the practice and promotion of the animal welfare system.
With the help of the technical expert team of the Golden Key of Dairy Cow campaign of the national dairy cow farming industry technology system, we have built a regional demonstration farm for farm animal welfare to drive the heightened growth of the dairy cow farming industry.
Welfare of Dairy Cows in Modern Dairy Welfare of Dairy Cows in China Shengmu Modern Dairy attaches great importance to animal welfare.
It is required that the nine modules, i. e. feeding and water drinking, cowshed, facilities, daily management, specific management of cattle at various stages, personnel requirements, clinical veterinary management, transportation, casualty or elimination of cattle, recording, traceability, shall meet the requirements of animal welfare.
Modern Dairy has been highly appraised and recognized by external parties in terms of animal welfare.
China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, has built 19 organic pastures in Ulanbu and the hinterland of desert and raised nearly 100, 000 organic dairy cows.
China Shengmu ensures the quality of food and drinking water by offering dairy cows with organic feed and mineral water.
The security team comprising professional nutritionists and health care doctors equipped ensures the health and comfort of dairy cows throughout the milk production.
In order to improve animal welfare, all pastures of China Shengmu are equipped with, among others, playground, sand pads, fans, cow body brushes, warm clothes, windbreak, lighting equipment and sprinkler systems, which ensures a sound living environment of dairy cows.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Procurement of veterinary drugs Veterinarian management Dairy cattle management Traceability management Raw milk managementall veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage.
dosed cattle must be marked differently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period.
ranches are required to establish a comprehensive list of veterinary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicated roles to manage them.
milk collected on the current day is subject to laboratory monitoring for veterinary drug residues, and non- conforming milk is subject to harmless disposal.
In 2021, Mengniu launched the special control action of veterinary anti- microbial, formulated the specification of the ranch medication process and guided the ranch to medicate less, medicate better and standardize medication.
More than 360 of such training were held, with more than 5, 500 participants.
In addition, we continued to promote the action of reducing the use of antibiotics in ranches, and guided 14 cooperative ranches to obtain the National Pilot Accredited Farm for Reducing the Use of Veterinary Antibiotics.
Management of Veterinary Drug Use Upholding the veterinary drug use principle of reduced use and no antibiotics, Mengniu has strictly complied with the Animal Epidemic Prevention Law, formulated our Commitment for the Use of the Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs and established a management system for the use of veterinary drugs.
Strictly prohibiting drugs banned in China or internationally, and posting the prohibited list to the partner ranches; Restricting and gradually stopping the use of veterinary drugs on which quantity limits are imposed within and outside China and which pose risks; Regulating the use of other types of veterinary drugs and ensuring that use is in strict compliance with the product labels and instructions in terms of the scope of animals, indications, usage and dosage, withdrawal period, etc.
Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management Five Key Measures of Veterinary Drug ManagementManagement of Renewable Agriculture Mengniu vigorously advocates the construction of ecological dairy farms, promotes the recycling of natural resources in dairy farms, and explores and practices renewable agriculture.
Mengniu requires raw milk suppliers to strictly abide by th e Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, the Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the PRC, the Soil Pollution Control Law of the PRC, the Water and Soil Conservation Law of the PRC, and other laws and regulations, and to value highly the protection of the ecological environment around the dairy farms to achieve the harmonious development between the dairy farms and nature.
We have formulated the Review Rules for Milk Supplier Access, which integrates environmental protection requirements into the whole life cycle management process of the dairy farms, and clarifies environmental protection requirements in the aspects of certification, selection, review, performance management and hay selection in dairy farms.
Through the effective use of dairy cow's manure, our ranch partners effectively reduced the use of artificial fertilizers on the dairy farms, as well as the discharge of manure to improve the soil health of the farms.
In 2021, Mengniu introduced new technologies and methods to form four sets of manure treatment solutions, such as the promotion of container- filled and trough- filled fermentation systems, using biogas residue as cow bedding material after directly fermented from fresh cow manure upon separation of wet from dry biomass and organic fertilizer raw material.
In addition, we guide the dairy farms to carry out the construction of related facilities, or engage a third- party expert company to realize the harmless treatment and utilization of manure resources.
Manure Resourification in China Shengmu China Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, has built 33 dairy farms in the Ulan Buh Desert, with a herd of 110, 000 cows, and an annual output of 600, 000 tonnes of raw milk.
The company has also built 11 water reservoirs, 9 organic manure fermentation plants and 1 bio- organic fertilizer processing plant.
China Shengmu systematically treated the manure produced in the dairy cow farming process, and applied it back harmlessly to the field according to the maximum discomposing capacity of the land, to realize the sustainable use of manure resources.
Meanwhile, it was conducive to restoring degraded soil and improving soil health.
In 2021, the company applied organic fertilizer in 220, 000 mu (about 146. 67 million square meters) of land area to reduce the consumption of approximately 7. 50 million tonnes of chemical fertilizer.
Mengniu Dairy Farms Water Conservation Initiatives Mengniu actively integrated industry- wide resources, carried out more than 60 online or offline training and encouraged farms to set up circulating water systems and intelligent spray systems; The supernatant of the oxidation pond was used to flush the milking halls, the waiting halls, the cow walking aisles, and other ground surfaces to achieve the recycling of water resources; Dairy farms were guided to scientifically use water by the installation of an intelligent spray system to reduce the waste of water.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Biodiversity Conservation Forest Conservation Action Biodiversity ConservationBiodiversity conservation is an important part of Mengniu's sustainable development, and we strive to realize the biodiversity conservation vision featuring From the Nature For the Future by carrying out forest conservation actions, practicing biodiversity conservation and enhancing biodiversity consensus.
In strict compliance with the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulations on the Implementation of the Forest Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations and the forest protection regulations under relevant local policies, Mengniu resolutely stops the act of indiscriminate logging of forest resources, and actively protects forest resources.
In 2021, the construction- purpose land managed by Mengniu did not involve the risk of deforestation.
The report proposed one vision, three pathways, five actions and eight commitments for biodiversity conservation, and formed a Add a link to the English Report 1- 3- 5- 8 strategic system to comprehensively carry out biodiversity conservation.
In addition, Mengniu works together with employees, partners, consumers, and other stakeholders to carry out biodiversity conservation projects to improve the understanding and awareness of biodiversity among employees and the public, and promote consumers' willingness to green consumption.
In addition, Mengniu works together with employees, partners, consumers, and other stakeholders to carry out biodiversity conservation projects to improve the understanding and awareness of biodiversity among employees and the public and promote consumers' willingness to green consumption.
Remarkable Effects of Desert Control by China Shengmu Mengniu's Coastal Clean-up Activities ESG Sustainability Visitor Zone in Mengniu Wuhan Factory Blue Planet Public Welfare ProgramFor years, we have been calling on our employees across the country to participate in beach clean- up activities on International Coastal Clean- up Day, to help protect our rivers and oceans by picking up litter from the river bank and coast.
In 2021, 822 young employees of Mengniu participated in the coastal clean- up activities, picking up approximately 1, 997 kilograms of litter from the river bank and coast with an area of 210, 000 square meters.
During the fifteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biodiversity COP15 of the United Nations, Bellamy's, a subsidiary of Mengniu, organised the Blue Planet public welfare program with China Environmental Protection Fund.
The program aims to encourage all people to raise their concerns about and safeguard biodiversity to realize the promising vision of Harmonious Coexistence Between Human Beings and Nature.
The company leads the children and families to embrace nature, learn with joy and practice and experience the enchantment of biodiversity through activities from enlightenment education on biodiversity conservation to outdoor classes for children.
Bellamy's offers its organic farms and ranches as social practice sites for children's science education on the organic ecological environment.
The new Mengniu Wuhan plant has set up an ESG sustainable development zone in the visitor area to promote biodiversity conservation and other sustainability- related concepts to consumers.
The total number of visiting the plant was 5, 043 person- times in 2021. the Opening Ceremony of Biodiversity Conservation Public Welfare Activity Bellamy's Australia Organic Ranch Mengniu's Coastal Clean- up Activity in 2021 Children visited the ESG Sustainability Zone at the Wuhan plantChina Shengmu, a subsidiary of Mengniu, upholding the concept of plant grass or trees as appropriate, built a systematic desert control industry system, and created a vertical ecosystem comprised of trees, shrubs and pastures, under which large trees play as primary protection, trees, and shrubs as secondary and tertiary protection to comprehensively ease the wind and stabilize the sand, reduce land desertification, and thus improve desert climate significantly.
As at the end of 2021, Shengmu has planted more than 97 million trees suited for sandy soils in the Ulan Buh Desert, afforested 410, 000 mu (about 273. 33 million square meters) of desert area and increased the precipitation by 30. 36 from 80 mm year to 320 mm year.
The influenced area of the desert was reduced by 40 - 45 compared with that in 1980s, the amount of sand and dust was reduced by 80 - 90 and the average wind speed was reduced by 21. 42. 91 92 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
05 Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu is committed to providing nutritious, healthy and delicious dairy products to consumers around the world, nourishing two billion consumers with superior products.
Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, quality service and excellent quality are set to cater for the various health needs, provide more inclusive nutrition and safeguard a better life.
SDGs we focused in this sectionHighlights in 2021 Releasing the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) to promote nutrition and health in a comprehensive manner.
new products were launched, and a variety of organic, sugar- reduced, low- fat, functional- enhanced and less- artificial additive products were continuously created.
Over 20, 000 salespeople, promoters and new retail business staff were empowered through training on knowledge of dairy nutrition.
newly granted patents, 47 valid copyright registrations and 4, 578 valid trademarks were registered during the year.
of the factories having obtained the ISO 9001 quality management system certification, and 100 of the dairy products factories having obtained the HACCP certification.
Eight categories of products have been certified by EU food standards.
The product quality traceability information system being built to cover 8 processes and 16 links in the whole industry chain, achieving 100 coverage of key quality traceability information in the industry chain.
Organising Together with the Consumers activity on consumer day, with more than 40, 000 participants, more than 100 events and over 180, 000 consumer feedbacks collected.
Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good Services
Nutrition and Health Healthy ProductsMengniu has been continuously launching more innovative products, and continuously increasing the health attribute of products and associated investments to satisfying various nutrition and health needs of different groups of people.
In June 2021, Mengniu released the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) to promote nutrition and health in a comprehensive manner and build a world- class nutrition and health brand image.
Mengniu is committed to developing and producing more nutritious and healthier products.
On the basis of nutritional health research and improvement of relevant standards, Mengniu has continued to expand our product categories and launched a succession of products with healthy features such as being organic, low fat, low sugar, low artificial ingredients, plant based, enhanced nutritional elements and small size with more high- quality nutritional dairy products.
raw milk fermented 3g protein per 100ml 1 billion CFU BB- 12 probiotics per 100g originated from A2 type cows in GAP standard ranch pure A2 - casein certified by EU food standard 4g protein and 130mg of natural calcium certified by EU food standard 50 billion active probiotics low sugar and zero fat with calcium and vitamin DChampion Yogurt 0 SucroseShiny Meadow A2 - casein fresh milkShiny Meadow 4. 0 fresh milkYoyi C lactobacillus beverage- low sugar and high calcium originated from pastures in desert 4g natural milk protein and 130mg of natural calcium in each 100ml of milk certified by both Chinese and EU organic standardsMilk Deluxe Organic Pure Milk use of EHT enzymatic hydrolysis technology zero lactose and reduced fat content by 50 Zero Lactose and Low-fat Milk sugar reduced by 42 each bottle of yoghurt has additional 3. 20g dietary fiberJust Yogurt Liquid milk 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrins per 100g milk powder with FOS prebiotics and beta- glucan certified by Chinese and Zelanian organic standards 0 added sugar high dietary fibre - inulin and polyfructose advanced slow- digesting carbohydrate formula with low GIBellamy's Organic Children's Growth Milk PowderYourui Adult Milk Powder with bifidobacterium lactis Probio- M8 seperated from breast milkM8 Milk Powder for children from 3 to 6 years old Milk powder with raw milk as a main ingredient contain collagen peptides and cherries pulp Deluxe Cherry Milk Ice CreamIce cream Cheese and other dairy products world's first organic cheese stick made from triple organic certified cream cheese 51 cheese content flavour, colouring and preservative free 6 times of milk calcium less sugar and sodiumArla Organic Cheese Sticks Mengniu High Calcium Cheese Sticks sparkling drink with live probiotics the first of its kind in the industryOthers Yoyi C sparkling drink rich in dietary fiber low glycemic (GI)Oatist plant-based beverage protein content 7 and fat content 3 with freeze- dried instant coffee powderDeluxe Low-fat Coffee-flavoured Ice cream Products in Smaller Size To avoid waste caused due to inability to finish eating in one time, we are committed to researching and developing small- pack products.
We have developed a variety of products with a capacity of less than 220g, such as small Yoyi C lactobacillus drink, Just Yoghurt strawberry fruit- flavoured yogurt, Future Star student milk and AhmouleYoghurt.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2021 Nutrition Education Nutrition education is the most fundamental, economical and effective strategy and measure to solve public nutrition and health problems.
Mengniu implements the Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Plan, conducts education and dissemination of knowledge about basic nutrition, population nutrition and dairy scientific nutrition, and improves the level of national nutrition and health knowledge.
the revenue of pure milk and fresh milk accounted for more thanthe revenue of products with no added sugar and reduced addition of sugar accounted for more than the revenue of low- sodium products accounted for more than the revenue of low- fat products accounted for more than 50 the revenue of organic products accounted for more than Notes a) the revenue share of nutrition and health products refers to the proportion of revenue from nutrition and health products in the principle business revenue of Mengniu; b) the products with low sodium and low fat comply with the GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods; c) products with low or no artificial ingredients refer to the products without artificial additives, colorant aspartame and other controversial additives, or those with less such additives than the ordinary products; d) products fortified with nutrients refer to products with additional nutrients added compared to ordinary products.
the revenue of products with low or no artificial ingredients accounted for more than 9590 the revenue of products fortified with nutritients accounted for more than 3515 The Second Nutrition and Health Development Conference of Chinese Students In 2021, Mengniu, Tongliao City People's Government and Nutrition and Health Promotion Association of Chinese Students jointly held the second nutrition and health development conference of Chinese students.
The three parties launched the joint construction project of a student nutrition and food education base to promote food education research results to truly serve students, schools and families, which helps the sustainable development of the nutrition and health industry, and realises the common vision of a healthy and powerful country.
Mengniu's Healthy China-Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program Campus Campaign From June 2021, Mengniu joined hands with the China Nutrition Society and the Nutrition and Health Promotion Association of China Student to host the Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program campus campaign.
In 2021, a total of 7 campaigns, were held in Tianjin, Wuhan, Pingdingshan and other places, covering more than 2, 000 teachers, students and parents.
Mengniu attaches great importance to scientific research and innovation, and continues to conduct in- depth nutrition research in cooperation with scientific research institutions at home and abroad.
At present, Mengniu has built the world- leading High- Tech Research Institute and High- Intelligence Production Base, bringing together the expertise of 16 domestic and international universities and research institutions, including Tsinghua University, Peking University, China Agriculture University and Jiangnan University.
In 2021, Mengniu launched cooperation projects with China Agricultural University and Jiangnan University respectively, mainly involving oils and fats, proteins, probiotics and other fields.
Nutrition Research Mengniu 2021 Nutrition Research Projects China Breast Milk-oriented Protein System Research Project The 13th Five-Year Plan National Key Research and Development Special Project Creation of New Generation of Dairy Products and Dairy-based Food for Special Medical Purposes for Infants Project of Research on the Impact of Organic Diet on Infant Health in Early Life Environmental Microbe Monitoring Plan of Production Plant (EMP) Group Standard of Probiotic Terminology Influence of Yoghurt on Children's Health in China Dairy Nutritional Health Trends Report Validation Experiment of Health Benefits and Efficacy of Probiotic Products Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region 2021 High Quality Standards System Construction Project- Dairy Nutrition Standards System Mengniu's Healthy China- Children's Nutrition Care Charity Program campus campaign 97 98 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Mengniu has established an intellectual property system and built an intellectual property management system with Mengniu's characteristics, forming an intellectual property creation mechanism oriented to high- value brand innovation and supported by a digital intelligence technology platform, an intellectual property protection mechanism with holistic and synergic self- protection and dynamic and timely pre- warning against peers, an intellectual property mechanism with analysis of the legal environment in the destination countries for overseas market expansion and monitoring of intellectual property risks in the industry, and the intellectual property management mechanism with full collaboration between the intellectual property management departments and business departments, with a view to guiding each department to bring into play the combination of various types of intellectual property.
In 2021, in the course of business, Mengniu audited a total of 6, 469 trademark- related matters, 1, 072 packaging and advertising matters and 26 copyright registrations.
The Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property Rights stipulates the principles of Mengniu Group's intellectual property management, strengthens the protection of trademarks, patents and copyrights and requires timely application and registration to protect intellectual property achievements and prevent infringement; the Advertising Slogan and Trademark Review System mainly provides for the specific management methods, management processes and the use of related materials regarding the Group's advertising slogans and trademarks.
patents were applied in 2021, with a total of 1, 223 valid patents by the end of 2021, and 185 new granted patents in 2021; 47 effective copyright registrations and 4, 578 effective trademarks in 2021.
Intellectual Property Protection patents were applied in 2021valid patents by the end of 2021new granted patents in 2021278 1, 223 185 Excellent Quality Quality Control Product Life-cycle Quality AssuranceMengniu has been always upholding a core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, continuously improving product quality and presenting consumers with perfect products of world quality.
At present, Mengniu takes the lead in passing the EU food standard certification for eight categories of its products in China.
The Company has updated 19 policies and systems on safety and quality management in total, including quality management on raw material, quality management on raw material suppliers, management of ranch quality and safety, management of safety and quality performance, product traceability management, peripheral warehouse management, dealer access management and others.
As of 31 December 2021, all of Mengniu's factories had been certified to the ISO 9001 quality management system, and all dairy factories had been certified to HACCP, with a total of 179 certifications.
In 2021, Mengniu launched the system consistency project.
The State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China - the Second Class On 3 November 2021, Mengniu's project Key Technology for The Control and Quality Improvement of Milk and Dairy Products won the second class of the State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China by the State Council, which represented a high level of recognition for Mengniu's work on quality and safety and quality improvement in recent years.
The State Scientific and Technological Progress Award of China - the Second Class 99 100 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Eight Categories of Products Have Been Certified by EU Food Standards In 2021, Mengniu carried out EU food standard product certification, covering eight categories of sterilized milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, pasteurized milk, milk- containing flavored beverages, frozen beverages, infant formula milk products and processed cheese.
All the certified products have passed the evaluation, and reached the EU standard.
EU Food Certification Application and Training of Quality Design System In 2021, the Company released the work roadmap, guidelines and tools throughout the whole process of new product quality activities.
The quality design system has been applied to all new products and continuously optimized.
Photo of Quality Design System Training Mengniu conducts double- layer audits and strict access to raw and auxiliary materials, suppliers and high- risk items performs strict testing on each batch of raw and auxiliary materials, implements full index verification by authoritative institutions on raw and auxiliary materials, identifies the food safety risks of the whole chain of raw and auxiliary materials from the supplier to the factory and carries out quality control.
Mengniu also utilises the quality big data to achieve risk warning of non- conforming materials and implements special improvements, conducts daily quality reviews on existing suppliers to identify shortcomings and promotes supplier quality improvement; promotes continuous supplier optimization through supplier quality performance management; signs a Food Safety Commitment with suppliers, and forms a supplier withdrawal and quality blacklist mechanism to gradually improve the quality management system for the whole life cycle of procurement and supply.
Mengniu benchmarked against the world's first- class management methods, took one of the ten major categories of raw materials as a pilot and implemented the raw material pre- management process.
Pilot Implementation of Pre-management of Raw MaterialsProcurement and Supply Life-cycle Quality Management In order to strengthen the publicity of quality culture and empower all employees, in 2021, the Company organised a total of 353 sessions of training on quality and safety for all employees.
The fourth Helin factory with normal temperature, Beijing factory low temperature, Jiaozuo factory for ice products, Ma'anshan factory for fresh milk and Helin factory for cheese were selected as the first five pilot factories for evaluation.
The evaluation results exceeded the global average level of the peers.
Among them, the fourth Helin factory with normal temperature and Ma'anshan factory for fresh milk obtained the international highest grade A.
Quality Culture ConstructionProduct Traceability Management Mechanism In 2021, the Company aligned with the industry and relevant laws and regulations, sorted out and improved the key traceability information of the industry chain, formed product traceability information standards, solidified the sources of traceability information, covered 8 processes and 16 links of the whole industry chain to achieve 100 coverage of the key quality traceability information of the industry chain.
In order to standardize the workflow of product recall, reduce and avoid the harm of unsafe products and protect public health and life safety, Mengniu has established a sound recall mechanism for Mengniu products by developing Product Recall Management System of Mengniu Group, in conjunction with the national Administrative Measures for Food Recalls to put in place a sound product recall mechanism.
All departments are required to immediately stop selling the products when they are informed that the products are unsafe, and take the initiative to recall the relevant unsafe products.
Mengniu implements three- level control of product recalls according to the degree of harm and urgency of unsafe products and ensures rapid response, in addition to clearly defining the recall initiation process, information transmission, recall implementation process and subsequent analysis and improvement requirements, as well as to require written reports to be formed daily for Level 1 recalls, at least every 5 working days for Level 2 recalls and at least every 10 working days for Level 3 recalls.
Mengniu has formulated documents to regulate advertising and marketing practices, such as the Review and filing System of Advertising Slogan and Trademark, the Product Claim Management System, the Mengniu Group Business Principles of Responsible Marketing.
For breast- milk substitutes, the marketing methods are strictly required to comply with the International Code of Marketing of Breast- milk Substitutes and the relevant statements of the Measures for the Administration of the Marketing of Breast Milk Substitute Products in China.
In 2021, the company revised the Review and Management System of Advertising and Publicity.
We held on- site and online training for over 20 legal staff of each Business Unit to publicise the Review and Management System of Advertising and Publicity.
The Company held approximately over 40 training related to the responsible marketing in total, with over 7, 000 participants in total.
Meanwhile, Mengniu combines the construction of national nutrition and health standards and the development of Mengniu's own businesses to promote the reasonable use of front- of- package (FOP) label for prepackaged foods in all business divisions to ensure compliance with nutrition and health claims, and to promote the use of product clean labels to facilitate consumers' faster identification and selection of nutrition and health products.
Responsible Marketing System Consumer Services Mengniu highly values the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of consumers, strictly complies with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests, treats and handles consumer complaints seriously and endeavors to protect the privacy and information security of our consumers.
An independent department deals with complaints, and consumers can lodge complaints via channels such as telephone, Weibo, WeChat and email.
complaints were received by the company in 2021, among which, 21, 066 were quality- related complaints, 9, 565 were service- related complaints and 1, 023 were complaints of different types other than quality or service- related complaints, with a 100 complaint handling and settling rate.
On the World Consumer Rights Day on 15 March 2021, Mengniu organised the We Are with the Consumers activity, Information Protection Information security risk is one of the N 10 major risks of Mengniu in 2021.
In 2021, the company will update and formulate contingency plans for emergency responding to and handling of the security events of important systems, networks, websites, data, communications and infrastructure.
with more than participantsmore than eventsand over consumer advises were collected and tracked for improvement loss goal of 0 leakage goal of 0 damage goal of 0 103 104 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
ESG Scope and General Disclosure and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Pages Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land and generation of hazardous and nonhazardous wastes.
Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations.
Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations.
P111 A1. 4Total non- hazardous wastes produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e. g., per unit of production volume, per facility).
P51- 52, P59- 60, P64- 67, P70-73 A1. 6Description of how hazardous and nonhazardous wastes are handled and the waste reduction objectives established and the steps taken to accomplish these objectives.
Note Resources may be used for production, storage, transportation, buildings, electronic equipment, etc.
P61- 64 A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, and the description of the water efficiency objectives established and the steps taken to accomplish these objectives.
P70-73 A2. 5Total packaging materials used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
P59- 67, P90- 92 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral DisclosurePolicy for identifying and responding to significant climate- related issues that have had and may have an impact on the issuer.
P54- 58 Social B1 EmploymentGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti- discrimination and other benefits and welfare.
P32 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.
P38 B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P35 B4 Labor StandardGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding preventing child and forced labour.
P82 B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, as well as how they are implemented and monitored.
P81- 84 B5. 3Description of practices relating to identifying the environmental and social risks of every sector of the supply chain, as well as how they are implemented and monitored.
P81- 84 B5. 4Description of practices relating to promoting the use of environmental protection products and services when selecting supplier, as well as how they are implemented and monitored.
P85- 86ESG Scope and General Disclosure and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Pages B6 Product Respon sibilityGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding health and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
P102 B6. 2Number of products and service- related complaints received and how they are dealt with.
P102 B6. 5Description of consumer information protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P104 B7 AnticorruptionGeneral DisclosureInformation on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that significantly affect the issuer regarding bribery, corruption, fraud and money laundering.
P25 B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P27- 28 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities' interests.
P39- 46 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g., money or time) to the focus area.
P39- 46 107 108 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Mengniu's Sustainability Performance Data from 2015 to 2021 Economic Performance Indicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Operating revenue (RMB100 million) 490. 27 537. 79 601. 56 689. 77 790. 30 760. 35 881. 42 Total assets (RMB100 million) 506. 53 491. 24 581. 38 664. 57 785. 37 801. 46 981. 01 Profit (RMB100 million) 25. 20 8. 13 20. 30 32. 03 42. 95 35. 02 49. 64 Production capacity (10, 000 tonnes) 868 921 922 975 950 990 1, 116 Completion ratio of economic contracts ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Signing ratio of Anti- Bribery Contract ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 99. 80SS Traceability of nonconforming products ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales ( )0 0 0 0 0 0 0 TMP and silage coverage ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Mechanized milking ratio ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Raw milk random sampling pass rate ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Ratio of large- scale intensive ranch milk sources ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100Social Performance Environmental PerformanceIndicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Labor contract signing rate ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Medical examination and health record coverage ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Total number of employees 39, 683 41, 600 41, 141 41, 031 37, 894 40, 626 44, 629 Training time per employee per year (hours) 36. 50 36. 70 36. 92 41. 97 66. 30 87. 26 87. 31 Completion rate of procurement contracts ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations ( )100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Total expenditure on Charity (RMB10, 000) 510 1, 050 1, 969. 90 2, 500 4, 000 76, 000 4, 584. 50 Total tax paid (RMB100 million) 29. 50 29. 20 36. 66 41. 11 45. 22 36. 91 40. 89 Indicator 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Water saved (10, 000 tonnes) 122. 29 51. 60 49. 84 96. 00 137. 40 201. 10 147. 94 Reclaimed water rate ( ) 10. 55 11. 38 9. 85 7. 18 7. 99 7. 63 9. 68 COD reduction (tonne) 29, 088. 26 30, 701. 89 34, 102. 95 47, 095. 70 49, 575. 42 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 Compliant treatment rate of solid waste ( ) 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 109 110 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
Mengniu's Performance Data on Key Environmental Indicators from 2019 to 2021 Index Indicator Unit 2019 Data 2020 Data 2021 Data Exhaust gasTotal exhaust emissionsCubic metres 2, 583, 107, 214. 86 1, 700, 946, 666. 78 2, 210, 671, 704. 11 SO2 emissions Tonne 123. 20 35. 90 150. 30 NOx emissions Tonne 230. 22 141. 95 1, 489. 99 Soot emissions Tonne 121. 91 25. 96 238. 57 WastewaterWastewater discharge10, 000 tonnes 2, 647. 97 2, 863. 80 2, 718. 32 COD discharge Tonne 1, 284. 63 1, 063. 87 893. 81 BOD discharge Tonne 222. 48 246. 93 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 185. 16 154. 40 204. 24 Carbon dioxide emissions 10, 000 tonnes 116. 00 127. 00 136. 00 - Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 21. 00 21. 00 26. 00 - Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 tonnes 95. 00 106. 00 110. 00 Carbon dioxide emission per tonne of productionkg Tonne 168. 00 169. 00 171. 00 Total hazardous waste Tonne 247. 92 242. 23 382. 81 Total general waste Tonne 5, 386. 00 28, 912. 44 40, 200. 24 Grid electricity consumption across regions kWh 799, 627, 013. 44 848, 749, 516. 09 816, 797, 963. 40 Coal consumption Tonne 29, 534. 84 7502. 82 0. 00 Petroleum consumption Litre 13, 855. 00 15, 101. 86 11, 196. 38 Diesel consumption Litre 25, 332. 00 14, 894. 51 55, 124. 81 Purchased steam Tonne 779, 065. 81 880, 833. 12 859, 756. 92 Natural gas consumption10, 000 standard cubic meters5, 546. 14 6, 811. 11 7, 188. 65 Generation of solar power 10, 000 kWh 483. 16 466. 05 869. 75 Steam production from biomass energy Tonne 320, 200. 00 309, 541. 33 289, 575. 22Index Indicator Unit 2019 Data 2020 Data 2021 Data Combined energy consumptionTonnes of standard coal293, 368. 07 316, 061. 06 290, 017. 39 Total water consumption Tonne 28, 375, 521. 00 29, 093, 882. 70 28, 643, 224. 80 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 49, 575. 42 44, 710. 65 41, 227. 21 Water saved 10, 000 tonnes137. 40 (including 357, 000 tonnes of social water savings)201. 10 (including 468, 000 tonnes of social water savings)147. 94 (including 890, 800 tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate ( ) 7. 99 7. 63 9. 68 Packaging material usageInner packaging materials100 million packs 213. 00 255. 00 263. 00 External packaging materials100 million packs 39. 00 23. 00 23. 50 Others Tonne 17, 663. 35 14, 029. 66 12, 332. 50 Note on calculation methodology 1.
For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula for sulphur dioxide emissions in the Emission Coefficients and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (for Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environmental Protection PSO2 Q 0. 85 2 10 Where PSO2 is sulphur dioxide emissions (kg); Q is fuel consumption (tonne); is sulphur content of fuel ( ).
Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T2589- 2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power.
Scope 1 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions directly generated by burning fuels in factories, such as self- owned boilers, vehicles, and the direct energy involved includes natural gas, diesel, gasoline, liquefied petroleum gas, coal, biogas, etc.
Scope 2 emissions refer to greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity and steam, which cover the carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide emissions involved in the actual production process of all Mengniu Group's normal temperature, low temperature, ice products, fresh milk, milk powder and cheese self- operated factories ( Mengniu production process does not involve the other three types of greenhouse gases in the Kyoto Protocol hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride).
The measurement complies with the Guidelines for Accounting Treatment and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Food, Tobacco, Alcohol, Beverage and Refined Tea Enterprises (Trial) (2015) of the PRC.
The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.
CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
The List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction ProjectsEnvironmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination A2 Use of ResourcesBiodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limitedthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China A4 Climate ChangeOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China B2 Health and SafetyAdministrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projectsthe Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of ChinaESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labour StandardsSpecial Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesUniversal Declaration of Human Rights International Conventions o Human Rights the Labour Law of the People's Republic of China the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the All- China Federation of Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China B5 Supply Chain ManagementMaterial Quality Procurement Management System of Mengniu Dairy Supplier Code of Conduct (COC) Product Traceability Management System ESG Risk List of Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain Supplier Blacklist Management System Ranch Quality and Safety Management System Mengniu Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Ranch Operation Technical Guidance Manual Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Detailed Rules for Selection Review of Milk Suppliers Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti- Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Quality Safety Guarantee Statement Food Safety Commitmentthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy (2021- 2025) Mengniu Principles and Commitment for the Use of Veterinary Anti- Microbial Drugs the Dairy Cattle Welfare Promotion Implementation System Advertising Review and Management System Management Measures for the Protection of Intellectual Property RightsAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law the Administrative Measures for Food Recalls International Code of Marketing of Breast- milk Substitutes 113 114 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment- Carbon Net- ZeroEcosystem- Collaborative & AccountableNutrition- Supreme & InclusiveAppendix
ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B6 Product ResponsibilityTrademark Management System Trade Secret Management System Dispute Management System Copyright Management System Overseas Intellectual Property Management System Brand Name Management System Administrative Measures for Food Recalls of Mengniu Group Review and Filing System on Slogan and Trademarks Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group Business Principles Customer Feedback Management System Clean Plate Punching Mini- Program Biodiversity Report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sales Administration Measures for Breast- milk Substitutes in China the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests GB 28050- 2011 National Food Safety Standard- Standards for Nutrition Labelling of Pre- packaged Foods the Outline for the Healthy China 2030 Initiative B7 Anti- corruptionCompliance Management Provisions Integrity Compliance Manual Integrity Compliance Commitment Code of Conduct for Business Partner Anti- Commercial Bribery Compliance Commitment Sunshine Agreement Anti- monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community InvestmentRural Vitalization Programme of Mengniu Dairy Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness Fund GovernanceMengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the Group Mengniu Group's Anti- Food Waste GuidelinesCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China 115 CEO's Statement A Message from the BoardAbout Mengniu Corporate Culture GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy2021 HIGHLIGHTS
