Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report About This Report Reporting Period Organizational Coverage Abbreviations Data Sources Language Versions Report RequestPublication ReferencesThis report covers the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023, with some content and data going back to previous years as appropriate.
Unless otherwise specified, the disclosure scope of this report is consistent with the scope of the 2023 annual report of China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited, including China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its subsidiaries.
For ease of presentation and readability, China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited and its subsidiaries are also referred to as Mengniu, the Group, and We in this report.
All information and data quoted in this report are from official documents, statistical reports, and financial reports of the Group.
The material in this report has been provided by Mengniu employees and partners, and is only used for the disclosure of Mengniu's sustainability management progress, not for commercial purposes.
In case of inconsistency, please refer to the simplified Chinese version as it shall prevail.
comChina Mengniu Dairy Company Limited Sustainability Report (2023) is the twelfth non-financial report issued by the Company.
This report was prepared in accordance with Appendix C2 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ( ESG Reporting Guide ) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( HKEX ) Main Board Listing Rules and with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)'s Sustainability Reporting Standards ( GRI Standards ).
This report responds to and adheres to following Report Principles.
Materiality The report has identified key stakeholders and their ESG topics in the preparation process and making targeted disclosures in this report according to the relative importance of their concerns.
Quantitative This report adopts quantitative information to disclose the key performance indicators ( KPI ) in the environmental and social aspects.
The measurement standards, methods, hypothesis and or calculation tools, and the source of conversion coefficient used for the KPIs are explained in their respective paragraphs.
Consistency The data disclosed in this report follows the same statistical method as previous years, and explanations have been made for individual changes to ensure the principle of consistency.
As an industry-leading enterprise, we remains committed to promoting the strategy of Creating A New Mengniu, and put forward a more nutritious, smarter and greener development philosophy with an aim to accelerating the building of a world-class dairy company.
Over the years, we have devoted ourselves to basic research, independent research and development of core technologies, constantly explored new fields and created new products to provide consumers with more nutritious options.
In the past year, we selected seven probiotics suitable for Chinese people and won the top patent award of Chinese dairy industry.
The self-developed HMOs have been approved and certified by the two authorities in China and the United States, which broke the industry bottleneck.
We launched a series of new nutritious and healthy products to meet the nutritional needs of the entire life cycle and all consumption scenarios.
We launched the world s first full intelligent dairy factory, lightening up a new lighthouse for digital intelligence transformation of the dairy industry, and made known to the public the world s first nutrition and health large language model Mengniu GPT, making the dream of hundreds of millions of families enjoying all-day, customized nutrition and health services a reality.
Through these endeavors, we will achieve the mission of every drop of nutrition makes every life thrive with science and technology.
Safeguarding the health of the earth in a greener manner We are well aware that Mengniu s products come from the gifts of nature, as such the Group insists on green and sustainable development, and drives the green transformation of the whole industrial chain.
We have formulated the GREEN sustainable development strategy with a commitment of reaching carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, and set the goal of zero deforestation in the whole industrial chain by 2030 to lay the foundation for Mengniu s high-quality development.
At the World Dairy Industry Conference, we released net-zero emission initiative for the global dairy industry together with global enterprises in the ecosystem, advocating the creation of a green and low-carbon sustainable development community and building a platform for carbon reduction exchanges and cooperation for the global dairy industry.
Nevertheless, under the increasingly urgent earth crisis, Mengniu needs to put more efforts to create a more sustainable dairy production and consumption model that protects the health of the planet in cooperation with upstream and downstream industrial chain partners and consumers.
Jeffrey, Minfang Lu Director March 26, 2024
07 08 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Statement of the Board Mengniu recognizes the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues for the long-term and stable operation of the Group, highly values sustainability management, and has established an effective ESG governance mechanism.
The Sustainability Committee participates in the evaluation of the identification results of ESG important topics, regularly reviews the GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy of Mengniu, and guides the undertaking of the GREEN strategy and the Group s overall strategy.
This year, in response to the ESG topic of green packaging, the Group set up a cross-departmental Working Group and regularly reported to the Sustainability Committee on the progress of its work, along with other ESG important issues such as low-carbon development and responsible sourcing.
The Sustainability Committee periodically monitors and reviews the achievement of relevant ESG goals in the GREEN strategy.
Mengniu attaches great importance to the potential significant impacts that ESG risks and opportunities may have on the Group, continuously evaluates the possibility and extent of such risks and opportunities, and develops plans and measures to mitigate ESG risks associated with the business operations.
The Board of Directors participates in the evaluation of ESG risks and opportunities, and oversees the effective operation of the Group s ESG risk management and internal control systems.
This report discloses in detail the progress and effectiveness of Mengniu s ESG work in 2023, which has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on March 26, 2024.
Statement of the Board
09 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Corporate Profile Corporate Culture Corporate Profile Corporate Culture China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited (Stock Code 2319) is a leading dairy company, ranking among the top eight dairy companies in the world.
Mengniu products have also entered more than ten countries and regions in Southeast Asia, Oceania, North America and other regions.
In 2023, the Group's revenue reached RMB 98. 62 billion, with a profit of RMB 6. 17 billion.
Mengniu also actively deploys high-quality milk sources overseas, owning raw milk processor Burra Foods and organic infant food seller Bellamy's in Australia.
The Group continuously improves its quality management system of the entire industry chain from pasture to milk cup, covering breeding, production, processing, logistics and other links with digital and intelligent means, with full closure monitoring of production and dynamic inspection of the whole process, to ensure that every product is of excellent quality and superior quality.
Mengniu's first-class quality and brand value are widely recognized at home and abroad.
Mengniu aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has gradually improved its GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, focusing on five directions Governance-Sustainability, Responsibility-Common Prosperity, Environment-Carbon Net-Zero, Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable, and Nutrition-Supreme & Inclusive, to comprehensively promote GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, to boost the revitalization of the dairy industry, to assist rural revitalization and realize common prosperity.
Mengniu firstly releases industry-leading dual-carbon strategic goals of achieving carbon peak by 2030, carbon neutrality in the whole industry chain by 2050, and set a target of zero deforestation by 2030, actively helps the country achieve its dual-carbon goals, and promotes the sustainable development transformation of the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, Mengniu, standing at a new stage of development, will lead in the construction of a new paradigm of development of China's dairy industry and formulate its strategic plan of Creating a New Mengniu, striving to develop into a Mengniu beloved by consumers, an international Mengniu, a Mengniu with strong sense of responsibility, a Mengniu with strong cultural gene, and a digitalized Mengniu.
Every drop of nutrition makes every life thriveMission The Mengniu Spirit Consumers are at the heart of all our decisions Creative solution wins the future Empower and inspire talents to succeed Integrity and honesty support our continued successBorn to excel, constantly strive for self-improvementVision Core ValuesFrom the grasslands across the world, Mengniu products nourish and are loved by over 2 billion consumers around the world Total of 51 production bases worldwideCombined annual production capacity of 14. 04 million tonnesCorporate Profile Corporate Culture 10
11 12 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy Mengniu has always taken Promise a Healthier World as its vision, and taken More Nutritious Products, A Better Life, A More Sustainable Planet as our sustainability mission.
In order to better promote the implementation of the strategy, all departments of the Group are collaborating efficiently.
Guided by the 2023 to 2025 goals and annual goals, we benchmark against international best practices and continuously perform 26 strategic actions to ensure the implementation of the GREEN strategy.
Governance- Sustainability ESG Governance Risk Management Business Ethics With the strategic pillar of Governance- Sustainability, Mengniu aims to enhance the Company's risk management and control capabilities, enhance corporate governance capabilities, to protect the rights and interests of shareholders and promote the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.
Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Nutrition and Health Excellent Quality Good services With the strategic pillar of Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive, Mengniu is committed to meeting the diverse healthy needs and providing global consumers with more nutritious and healthier products and better services.
Responsibility- Common Prosperity Employee Well-Being Rural Revitalization Charity With the strategic pillar of Responsibility- Common Prosperity, Mengniu focuses on enhancing the social value, benefiting Mengniu's employees, caring for the people in underdeveloped areas and undeserved groups in society, to help to achieve common prosperity.
Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation With the strategic pillar of Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable, Mengniu focuses on building a responsible dairy industry chain, driving sustainable agriculture and biodiversity conservation through responsible procurement and initiatives.
Environment- Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle With the strategic pillar of Environment- Carbon Net-Zero, Mengniu focuses on improving Mengniu's environmental performance, making cleaner and lower- carbon production, and proactively dealing with climate change issues.
Mengniu GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy
13 14 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report 2023 Performance HighlightsJoin the Global Initiatives Mengniu joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) to support and comply with the ten principles of the Global Compact, adopted a more responsible operation and continuously developed innovative solutions to achieve greater public benefit with business.
Mengniu joined the Pathways to Dairy Net-Zero (PDNZ) global climate initiative jointly launched by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Dairy Federation (IDF) and the Global Dairy Platform (GDP).
Mengniu is committed to accelerating action on climate change and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the dairy industry, and systematically building a low-carbon dairy industry worldwide.
Mengniu joined the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and actively participated in promoting key issues in the consumer goods industry such as food safety, social and environmental sustainability, nutrition and health, and end-to-end value chain, contributing Chinese wisdom to the sustainable development of the consumer goods industry.
Mengniu joined the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange (Sedex) platform, aiming to build a responsible supply chain by reference to international concepts and practices, and further to promote the sustainable development of the supply chain.
MSCI ESG rating was upgraded from A to AA, the only comprehensive dairy enterprise with AA rating in China Selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index for four consecutive years Ranked No. 1 among Chinese companies in the Coller FAIRR Protein Producer Index Included in the first issue of S&P Global s Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition), and recognized by S&P Global as the Most Progressive Company in the Industry Selected for the SASAC ESG Pioneer 100 Index of Central Enterprises, ranked No. 1 in the food and beverage industry Selected as the ESG Best Practice Case for Listed Companies in 2023 by the China Association for Public Companies Received six awards, including Best Company Board, Best Environmental, Social and Governance, and Best Investor Relations Program, issued by the leading financial magazine Institutional Investor Obtained 2023 Bloomberg Green ESG 50-Enterprises Won honors of the Most Influential Enterprise of the Year and the ESG Pioneer Enterprise of the Year from NetEase Selected as one of the first batch of national Creation Units of Standardization Demonstration Base for High- quality Development of Agricultural Industry issued by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs Awarded the Compliance Management System Outstanding Effectiveness Award by the China Quality Certification Center Selected as 2023 China s Best Employer and 2023 Best ESG Practice Employer by Forbes Selected in the Ministry of Ecology and Environment s 2023 Casebook of Corporate Climate Action Selected as Classic Case of Rural Revitalization by China Top Brands Rural Revitalization Research Center The patents related to its Yoyi C and Just Yoghurt have successively won the 24th China Patent Silver Award and the first Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Patent Gold Award, becoming the first dairy enterprise in China to win the China Patent Silver Award Honors Mengniu participated in the UN COP28 Conference.
As a representative of Chinese enterprises, we participated in the Dialogue on Sustainable Development between Chinese and foreign famous entrepreneurs, and the side event themed by Memory of Glaciers Witnessing the Climate Crisis, etc., to share the practical experience of China s dairy industry in promoting the green, low-carbon and sustainable development, and to inform the world the green practices of China s dairy industry.
Mengniu hosted the Sixth Global Dairy Forum during the Sixth China International Import Expo, with the theme of Together for A Sustainable Future.
We discussed with domestic and foreign politicians, businessmen and industry experts on hot topics such as sustainable development of dairy products and net-zero emissions in the dairy industry.
Mengniu organized the World Dairy Industry Convention Sustainable Development International Cooperation Forum, with the theme of Working Together Towards Net-Zero Emissions, Building a Sustainable Global Dairy Industry.
Focusing on International Cooperation on Sustainable Development, Mengniu advocated the creation of a green and low-carbon global dairy industry sustainable development community, promoted international exchanges and close cooperation, and initiated a low-carbon and sustainable transformation, to work together towards net-zero emissions.
Performance Highlights
Governance-Sustainability SDGs We Focused in this Section ESG Governance Risk Management Business EthicsMengniu strives to create sustainable corporate governance.
Guided by the GREEN strategy, Mengniu integrates ESG concepts into the whole business decision-making and implementation process, and promotes the high-quality development of the whole industrial chain.
Under the Governance-Sustainability pillar, we build an efficient ESG operation mechanism starting from the three topics of ESG governance, risk management and business ethics set to deepen the construction of risk management system, abide by the highest business ethics standards, and effectively protect the rights and interests of the majority of shareholders.
employees have passed the assessment and obtained the certificates of compliance internal auditor and corporate compliance officer, to improve compliance management organizational effectiveness and performance capabilities.
Granted ISO 37301 and GB T35770 compliance management system certification, indicating that Mengniu has become the world s first dairy company that obtained the SGS Compliance Management System Certificate.
Signed the Belt and Road Corporate Integrity Initiative, and a total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitment.
Conducted trainings for directors and supervisors of subsidiaries and holding companies comprising the Group on Compliance Guide for Directors and Supervisors, clarifying their rights, obligations and legal status, to ensure compliance performance.
Highlights in 2023 Business EthicsRisk ManagementESG Governance
Governance-Sustainability17 18 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report ESG Governance Board Independence and Diversity Sustainability Governance SystemMengniu strictly adheres to applicable laws and regulations in the place of its operation and the listing rules, and continuously optimizes its ESG governance structure in combination with the Group s development, in order to improve the level of business management and achieve sustainable business value.
The Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Group is responsible for formulation of the Group s overall strategies and policies, setting of performance and management targets, evaluation of business performance and supervision of management s performance.
The Board has five professional committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee, Strategy and Development Committee, and Sustainability Committee, to support the Board in areas requiring specific time commitment, independent inspection and expertise.
The Board currently consists of 9 directors, including 3 executive directors, 3 non-executive directors and 3 independent non- executive directors.
Independent non-executive directors account for one-third of the total number of the Board of the Group, and gives full play to the role of checks and balances and provides independent and objective opinions for the decision of the Board.
The Board includes 1 female director.
The Board of Directors has professional capabilities in marketing, human resources, finance, investment, legal affairs, corporate governance, corporate stakeholder relationship, evaluation of innovation mechanism, responsible business and sustainable development, etc.
The Sustainability Committee is responsible for assessing the Group s GREEN sustainable development strategy, objectives and risks, and reviewing ESG-related disclosures.
The Secretariat of the Sustainability Executive Committee incorporates relevant personnel from 7 departments, including the Strategic Management Department, the Safety and Quality Management Department, and the Procurement Management Department, etc., who are responsible for coordinating the planning, promotion and implementation of ESG work.
The Mengniu Sustainability Promotion Office covers 24 first-level departments of the Group, and comprises 24 sustainability officers and 24 sustainability liaison officers.
In response to key sustainable development topics, the Group has set up Working Group on Responsible Procurement Green Packaging and Working Group on Green Packaging to further improve the performance of the topics.
The Sustainability Promotion Office undertakes the sustainable development requirements of the Group, discusses and formulates the annual sustainable development goals and plans with all departments, maintains communication with internal and external stakeholders, and actively responds to inquiries from relevant parties.
Governance ManagementExecutionIn 2023, Mengniu invited experts in the field of sustainable development to carry out one-to-one interviews with senior management to communicate the external development trend of sustainable development and the sustainable development situation within the Group, to provide guidance for GREEN sustainable development strategy iteration and the priority directions of sustainable development work.
In recent years, Mengniu has included ESG factors in the Group s investment strategy.
While constantly promoting green financing, Mengniu has deployed high-quality projects in the early stage and growth stage.
By means of investment and incubation, Mengniu has also deployed green industries to continuously enhance its sustainable development capabilities.
In 2023, we promoted the implementation of projects such as precision nutrition, life science, synthetic biology and green packaging through investment, with an aim to build a sustainable development ecosystem with complementary advantages and close relations.
Board of Directors Sustainability CommitteeConsists of the highest decision-making level of the Company and is responsible for considering the Company's sustainable development strategies, objectives and risks Consists of core executives and is responsible for sustainable development management and strategy advancement, overseeing strategy execution Consists of sustainability officers and liaison officers of each department, undertakes the requirements of sustainable development work, formulates corresponding work and plans in the department, and implements corporate strategyResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management on responsible procurement and report the progress of the work to the Sustainability Executive CommitteeResponsible for overall planning and coordination of management on green packaging and report the progress of the work to the Sustainability Executive CommitteeResponsible for coordinating ESG daily work and promoting the implementation of the Group's ESG strategySustainability Executive Committee Sustainability Promotion OfficeWorking Group on Responsible ProcurementWorking Group on Green PackagingSecretariat of the Sustainability Executive Committee Combined with the business characteristics and sustainable development goals, we incorporate the sustainable development KPIs into the annual performance contract of the management, including nutrition product development, green benchmark factory building, carbon emission intensity decline, responsible product marketing, etc., and formulate differentiated sustainable development performance assessment weightings based on the relevant responsibilities of senior management in various sustainable development matters.
The Group evaluates the performance of senior management every year, and optimizes and updates the sustainability KPIs of senior executives based on the evaluation results and the actual development of the Group, so as to effectively motivate the management to promote sustainable development.
Governance-Sustainability19 20 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report In 2023, Mengniu held 2 Sustainability Committee meetings, 2 Sustainability Executive Committee meetings and 1 Sustainability Conference to report the progress of sustainable development to the directors and senior management of the Group, and discuss and make decisions on key ESG issues.
In January 2024, the Group held the annual Sustainability Conference, and granted annual recognition and awards to departments and project teams with outstanding performance in sustainable development in 2023.
We released the Sustainable Development Course training video on Worth-It online platform, with around 9, 000 times of people participation by the end of 2023. 12 young employees of the Group participated in the SDG Innovation Accelerator for Young Professionals project organized by United Nation Global Compact (UNGC), identified business challenges related to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and designed innovative solutions.
In September 2023, Mengniu held the second Sustainable Value Co-Creation activity to encourage all departments to broaden their thinking and build consensus on sustainable development.
The activity covered industry exchanges and visits, ecological farm experience, expert roundtable discussion, environmentally friendly artwork creation, sustainability solutions roadshow and other innovative sessions.
Participants and industry experts co-created for value and experienced in an immersive way, learned and practiced ESG concepts, to motivate practice of the sustainable development strategy of Mengniu through concerted cooperation and innovative exploration of the departments.
Mengniu Sustainable Value Co-CreationStakeholder Communication Based on the nature of business, industry development and operating conditions, we identified stakeholders including employees, consumers, shareholders and investors, government and regulatory bodies, suppliers, distributors, and communities.
Mengniu abides by relevant laws and regulations to regularly issue reports, disclosing its major dynamics in a timely and compliant manner, while maintaining fully communication with investors.
In 2023, Mengniu actively communicated with the capital market in diverse forms such as emails, teleconferences, and face-to-face meetings.
Mengniu held over 200 investor meetings and sell-side analyst meetings throughout the year, and 32 ESG-themed meetings with ESG-themed investors and rating agencies, effectively delivering the high-quality development achievements, business strategy, ESG strategy, ESG practice and long-term value of Mengniu to the capital market.
Mengniu actively communicates and interacts with stakeholders to enhance the transparency of the Group s sustainable development management.
In 2023, Mengniu invited 50 institutional investors, brokerage analysts, ESG rating agencies and media to visit the organic pasture in Dengkou Desert and Bameng factory.
The Group s senior management had in-depth exchanges with external stakeholders and attached great importance to their suggestions on the management of Mengniu s ESG issues, and conveyed the sustainable development strategy of the whole industry chain and milk source strategy map to boost investment confidence of the capital market and external recognition of Mengniu s ESG practice.
Global Investors Exchanges with Mengniu
Governance-Sustainability21 22 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Stakeholders Topics Communication and Response Channels ConsumersNutritious and healthy products High quality products Perfect customer service Smooth communication channels Diversified product selectionInformation disclosure and dissemination Transparent factory Interactive activities Consumer service hotline Shareholders and investorsBusiness risk prevention Asset preservation and appreciation Responsible procurement Low-carbon development Water management Biodiversity conservation Corporate governance New markets and new opportunities Steady increase in return on investmentEnterprise annual report and announcement Roadshow Special meetings Investor relations website Government and regulatory agenciesCompliance operation Paying taxes in accordance with the law Business ethics Low-carbon development Environment protection Biodiversity conservation Helping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Contributing to local economic developmentGovernment Consulting Regulatory assessment Special meetings EmployeesHealth and safety Diversity and inclusion Career development Wage and welfare security Work and life balanceManager's mailbox Congress of employee representatives Training exchange SuppliersOpen, fair and just procurement Honesty and trustworthiness Information confidentialitySupplier conference Supplier assistance Supplier training DistributorMutual benefit and win-win Growing togetherDealer conference Dealer satisfaction survey Decision management committee Customer communication platform CommunityHelping rural revitalization Community development and well-being Anti-epidemic and disaster relief Overseas responsibilities Driving local economic developmentProviding employment opportunities Promoting the development of local related industries Improving local infrastructure development CharityMateriality Analysis In 2023, under the guidance of the Sustainability Committee, Mengniu analyzed the impact of various ESG issues on the Group's sustainable development and the degree of stakeholder concern according to the four steps of material topic identification, research interview, screening and evaluation, and audit confirmation.
Identification of Material Topics Stakeholder EngagementPrioritization Validation Based on Mengniu's strategic priorities, industry characteristics, business priorities, relevant sustainability frameworks (including GRI), stock exchange requirements (including the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), rating agency focuses, domestic and foreign policies (sustainable development goals), and combined with the advices form external stakeholders, the Group determined a list of material issues.
Through various forms such as communication interviews with executives and other relevant parties, and questionnaires, we can better understand the key concerns of stakeholders.
Mengniu's Sustainability Committee and experts review and select the material topics to be disclosed.
Mengniu 2023 ESG Materiality Matrix Materiality to MengniuMateriality to StakeholdersQuality Control Nutrition Inclusive Consumer Service Information ProtectionResponsibility MarketingESG Governance Risk GovernanceEmployee Benefit Talent Development Rural RevitalizationAnimal Welfare Regenerative Agriculture Management Green Procurement of Raw MaterialsBiodiversity ConservationSupply Chain Responsibility Management Occupational Health & Safety Diversity & Inclusion CharityGreenhouse Gas ManagementRecycling Green PackageWater and Wastewater Management Climate Risk Identification Green Workplace Waste ManagementBusiness Ethics & Anti-Corruption Governance- SustainabilityResponsibility- Common ProsperityEnvironment-Carbon Net-ZeroEcosystem-Collaborative & AccountableNutrition-Supreme & InclusiveHighly material Generally material Generally material Highly material
Governance-Sustainability23 24 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Risk Management Mengniu strictly complies with laws and regulations related to the Company s operation, and establishes a risk management system with full participation.
Risk Management Framework With reference to the internationally accepted COSO1 risk management framework and according to the business needs of the Group, Mengniu has continuously consolidated the three lines of defense of risk management, and clarified hierarchy and corresponding responsibilities of risk management work, wherein the Audit Committee of the Board supervises the overall risk management procedures.
The Risk Management Department is a daily operational agency established by the Risk Management Committee, and regularly reports to the Audit Committee of the Board on the operation effectiveness of the risk management system and control of important risks.
Mengniu adheres to conducting top-down risk assessment with full participation in the way of business self-assessment identification, professional risk prediction, and overall evaluation by senior executives to ensure the objectivity, accuracy and focus of the Group s judgment on major risks.
Every year, we evaluate the effectiveness of risk response through three dimensions of self-evaluation by the project team, evaluation by the service party and special evaluation by the risk management department, so as to provide a basis for the subsequent risk management work.
The internal audit supervises and evaluates the Group's risk management and internal control systems and gives improvement suggestions; the discipline inspection and supervision department accepts multi-channel reports and promptly follows up the investigation of events.
Of defense is composed of the Risk Management Committee, risk management department and the Group's functional departments, which are mainly responsible for planning and supervising risk management work and improving the risk management system.
The first line The third line The second lineIn terms of audit supervision, we adhere to the principle of key control, important risks and effective coverage, sort out key business areas and key management modules from three perspectives that are strategy, operation and support, and carry out supervision and inspection in an orderly manner to effectively promote the Group's risk management level.
This year, Mengniu adjusted the Group s major risk areas into seven major aspects strategic risk, financial risk, market risk, supply chain risk, legal and compliance risk, quality and food safety risk, and sustainable development risk.
Meanwhile, in light of the changing internal and external environment, we identified emerging risks with greater impact on future business, such as food safety risks caused by nuclear wastewater pollution and industry public opinion risks brought by aspartame.
Every year, we communicate with all the directors of the Group on the risk management principles and policies, publicize the risk management concept and listen to the opinions of the directors, assess the major risks and formulate countermeasures.
Recorded over 20, 000 times of people participation of online training on risk management for new employeesCarried out targeted risk management practical training, covering 136 core management personnelSelected 6 excellent risk management practice cases
Governance-Sustainability25 26 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Business Ethics Our integrity and honesty support our continued success is one of the core values of Mengniu.
The Group follows the requirements of the laws and regulations related to business ethics, and has developed the Integrity and Compliance Manual, the Corporate Governance Compliance Manual, the Compliance Manual on Duty Performance of Directors and Supervisors, the Environmental Protection Compliance Manual, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Manual, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Manual, Code of Conduct for Business Partner, the Business Partner Compliance Manual, the Handbook of Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection and other internal compliance guidelines, and launched the Regulations on Management of Personal Information Protection, the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, the Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations, and other internal management regulations to standardize behaviors of Mengniu and stakeholders and jointly create an honest and compliant business environment.
The Compliance Management Committee shall coordinate the compliance management of the Group, review the Group s strategic planning for compliance management, and investigate the responsibility of violations and personnel committing violations or propose handling suggestions.
This year, a total of 32 employees of the Group have passed the assessment and obtained the certificates of compliance internal auditor and corporate compliance officer, which vigorously promoted the improvement of compliance commissioner s performance ability and compliance governance ability.
In addition, we consistently implemented the Management Measures for Compliance Assessment, Evaluation and Commendation, linking compliance assessment with senior executives KPI.
Mengniu adopts a zero tolerance attitude towards any form of commercial bribery and corruption.
Adhering to the principle of audit first, discipline inspection follow-up, the Group has established a joint supervision system of discipline inspection, audit, finance, compliance, human resource and other departments, and improved the working mechanism of information communication, clue transfer and achievement sharing to form a joint supervision force.
Our special supervision and inspection of business corruption risk has covered the Group, all subsidiaries and all businesses.
In 2023, Mengniu formulated the Work Plan for Discipline Improvement and Anti-corruption in the Sales Area to carry out special governance in maintaining market order and create a fair market environment for competition.
In addition, we strengthened special supervision over key areas and key links such as procurement, sales, marketing, research and development, and expanded the scope of supervision and inspection to overseas business departments, by taking various measures such as special supervision of sales and administrative expenses and procurement bidding, to find out integrity risks, analyze deep-seated causes, and accurately solve problems.
This year, there was one concluded legal case regarding corrupt practice, and the personnel involved have been sentenced according to law.
Reporting and Compliant Management We have formulated the Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues, and the Approval Measures for Treatment and Punishment Procedures, and revised the Measures for Disciplinary Punishment of the Enterprise this year to further standardize the management mechanism for reporting and complaints.
The Group, the divisions and the sharing and holding companies have designated special personnel to accept and handle complaints and reports.
The reporting information received by non-disciplinary inspection departments and personnel shall be handled by the discipline inspection department of the Group.
Business Ethics Reporting Channels Mengniu provides an independent and 24-hour reporting hotline, and releases ways of receiving complaints and reports through multiple channels.
Mengniu s official website, WeChat official account, the Anti-Corruption Agreement, typical case announcement, node notice, customer email, customer service platform, Ding Talk work group, integrity reminder, integrity training materials, integrity scoring plan and publicity materialsChannels to release ways of receiving complaints and reportsIn 2023, Mengniu was granted ISO 37301 and GB T35770 compliance management system certification by China Quality Certification Centre and SGS-CSTC Standards Technical Services Co., Ltd.
The certification covers all compliance management activities involved in the Group s operation, marking Mengniu s compliance management level has reached both the national and international standards.
This is the first time the two authoritative certification agencies to grant dairy companies compliance management system certification, indicating that Mengniu has become the world s first dairy company that obtained the certificate.
No department or individual of the Group shall obstruct or suppress the whistleblower s report, or withhold the reporting materials.
Through training and warning education, we enhance the integrity and compliance awareness of all staff, and creates a clean and fair working atmosphere.
Mengniu has signed the Belt and Road Corporate Integrity Initiative, and a total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitment, completing the compliance performance commitment from the Group to the staff level.
Mengniu carries out multi-level, multi-field and multi-form compliance empowerment training for directors, supervisors, senior management, management personnel, non-management employees and new employees, covering key areas such as anti-corruption, anti-unfair competition, integrity and compliance, anti-monopoly, performance of directors, supervisors and senior management, personal information protection, environmental protection and compliance.
This year, Mengniu formulated the Integrity Warning Education Work Plan and the Remind Talk Work Plan, and organized various integrity warning education throughout the year, reminding employees and partners to always adhere to the bottom line of integrity and self-discipline.
Conducted 53 sessions of integrity education for middle and senior management and young managers, covering 1, 059 times of people participation; Conducted similar warning education of the same level for overseas business department personnel, covering 38 overseas managers and employees; Conducted integrity audit on 5, 583 newly promoted and appraised employees, issued pre- appointment integrity reminders to 905 newly recruited (promoted) employees, and a total of 41, 745 integrity commitment letters were signed; For grassroots employees, the Group provided warning and education at every meeting and conducted 2, 729 sessions of integrity warning and education through pre-shift meetings, work meetings, internal propaganda, covering all employees including all part-time and outsourced personnel; Conducted integrity education for 6, 820 family members of management personnel and 10, 181 partners, effectively strengthening the integrity awareness of family members of management personnel and partners.
Performance of Integrity Warning Education in 2023For directors, supervisors and senior management, the Group carried out China Mengniu Anti-Corruption Training, and required all directors, supervisors and senior management to sign the Compliance Training Confirmation Letter after the training.
For management candidates, we publicized the key points of anti- monopoly, anti-commercial bribery and the Integrity Compliance Manual.
For personnel in key areas of anti-commercial bribery compliance management, we carried out special compliance training on key points to further enhance the integrity awareness of employees at all levels, and constantly consolidated the defense line of business ethics management.
In addition, through Worth-It online training platform, we released training courses such as Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Regulations, Anti-Commercial Bribery Compliance Management Manual and Basic Compliance Knowledge on Anti-Commercial Bribery, with a cumulative learning record of over 100, 000 times of people participation this year.
With a cumulative learning record of over 100, 000 times of people participation this year A total of 40, 937 employees signed the integrity compliance commitmentPhone 0471-7393612 Report Email mnjw mengniu.
cn Mailing address Mengniu Dairy Milk Source Building 311, Shengle Economic Zone of Horinger, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Postal code 011517Through information sharing and publicity, we ensure that every Mengniu employee and business partner are familiar with Mengniu s letters and visits reporting procedure.
In view of the problems found in the reporting, the Group will timely formulate measures to block the management loopholes.
SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility, standing firmly on responsible employer practices, and actively undertaking the era's responsibility for rural revitalization and common prosperity by leveraging its advantages in the dairy industry chain.
Guided by GREEN strategy, we focus on the three key topics of employee well-being, rural revitalization and charity, constantly improve employees' happiness and sense of belonging drive the development of the industrial chain, carry out public welfare and charity activities, and create greater social value through practical actions.
The proportion of female executives has reached 26. 32 (Group assistant vice president and above).
The employee training coverage rate reaches 92. 76, with a total training duration of 4, 081, 820. 76 hours.
of Mengniu's self-operated factories have passed the audit of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, 6 factories have passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprise.
entities under Mengniu have been awarded Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels.
people were certified as industrial culture hands-on inquiry-based learning instructors, and officially completed the first Dream Center located within Mengniu.
The Group explicitly forbids the recruitment of child labor and the use of forced labor, and prevents the occurrence of child labor employment at the source of recruitment through identity verification and other measures.
If any issue of child labor is discovered, we will immediately assist in contacting the legal guardian for resolution.
If any illegal employment practices are found, we will conduct thorough investigations and strictly handle them in accordance with laws and regulations as well as the Group's requirements.
Employee Well-Being Adhering to the development strategy of people-oriented, Mengniu is committed to creating an equal and inclusive workplace environment, attracting world-class dairy industry talents, and promoting the advanced experiences and practices of talent governance in the Chinese dairy industry.
On the basis of strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations, Mengniu follows the internationally recognized human rights policies as outlined in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Convention on Human Rights and the core Convention of the International Labor Organization, and formulates the Employee Code of Conduct, Employee Handbook and other management documents to implement human rights protection measures.
In the meantime, Mengniu is committed to promoting mutual understanding among employees of different nationalities and cultural backgrounds, and building a cross-cultural communication bridge.
Mengniu s Indonesian factory fully respects the cultural beliefs of local employees by setting up a prayer room in the plant, giving employees Ramadan subsidies, and arranging staff worship time after proper work deployment.
Respect for Human Rights Equality, Diversity and Inclusiveness Talent DevelopmentTalent Cultivation Mengniu attaches great importance to the cultivation and career development of its employees.
In 2023, we comprehensively upgraded the Mengniu BLOOM talent philosophy, focusing on the core value of empower and inspire talents to succeed to fully interpret Mengniu's talent orientation.
Guided by the talent philosophy, we aim to support the continuous growth and development of our talents.
At the same time, Mengniu actively cooperates with universities and industry partners to build a variety of learning platforms to meet the diverse learning needs of employees, propelling employees career development and professional skills improvement, and enhancing the talent reserve in the industry.
In terms of talent training, the Group has optimized the talent development system, carried out full-cycle and full-dimension training for talents, and continued to build six future-oriented talent teams, in order to build Mengniu s talent advantage.
Meanwhile, we have offered industry talent training in cooperation with industry partners, upgraded the online learning platform, and promoted the digital layout of talent training from the aspects of value transmission, operation mode, organizational mechanism and talent training.
Mengniu has created succession and competence training system.
For successors, we developed Blue Sea project and cultivated more than 600 core management reserve talents, with a view to improving leading talents management capabilities, accelerating the reserve of management talents, outputting key position reserves and continuously enhancing the succession talent pool, through online and in-person training activities, regular coaching, formulation and implementation of personal learning & development plan, job rotation, project practice and other training modes.
The project covered more than 3, 000 current managers.
Cultivation of Leading Management Talents Mengniu thoroughly studies and implements the important national work instructions on skilled personnel to actively promote the training of skilled personnel.
Cultivation of Elite Professional Talents Through the Youth Training Camp project, Mengniu has been selecting high-potential young talents group-wide to cultivate the innovation ability and management competence of young talents in all-round way.
Through the Future Star project, we have provided multiple jobs for fresh graduates, and provided diversified growth and development paths for graduates of different majors.
Also, mentors were equipped to help them complete the rapid transformation from students to workers.
Cultivation of Top-notch Young Talents We have launched the first phase of the strategic international talent training project, with the main purpose of cultivating and improving trainees cross-cultural communication skills, deepening their understanding of international operation, and expanding their global vision, while focusing on sales, supply chain, finance and other core and key job groups.
Through three thematic training Cross-cultural Communication Competence Development and Promotion, Pressure and Emotion Management and Practice Study on Enterprise Going Abroad, Mengniu has enhanced trainees understanding of international work and life, and improved their readiness for future expatriate assignments, while accumulating practical experience for the Group s continuous international talents training and reserve.
Cultivation of Strategic and International Talents
33 34 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity The various departments of Mengniu are highly coordinated, providing innovative and entrepreneurial talents with a platform for capacity building and project incubation.
At the Group s 2023 Innovation Competition, 3, 367 projects were signed up, and a total of 31 projects entered the incubation stage.
After more than half a year s incubation verification by empowering, visit and learning, a total of 19 projects appeared on the stage of roadshow, and finally 11 projects stood out.
In addition to continuously cultivating talents within the Group, Mengniu also focuses on the introducing and reserving talents required for the layout of new business tracks.
Leveraging its rich expert resources, innovative management mode, and unique platform advantages, Mengniu has attracted top doctoral and postdoctoral talents from global leading universities and large enterprises to participate in the Group s strategies, products and management, providing sufficient high-end talent reserve for the sustainable development of the Group.
Mengniu cultivates elite talents in the dairy industry around the aspects of the establishment of talent training system, the strengthening of professional talent ability, and the recognition of professional skill level, to comprehensively facilitate the implementation of the national strategy on developing a quality workforce.
In 2019, Mengniu was awarded the qualification of professional skill level certification by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.
Moreover, Mengniu Global Dairy Training Center completed the professional skills certification for more than 2, 000 people, effectively improving the competitiveness of employees and the skill level of workers.
By the end of 2023, the Mengniu Dairy Professional Skills Level Certification work has covered 31 bases nationwide.
In 2023, Mengniu has overhauled and upgraded its online learning platform.
With the digital means as the core, Mengniu promoted the digital layout of talent cultivation from many aspects, such as value transmission, operation mode, organizational mechanism and talent development, and launched party building, corporate culture, digitalization, leadership, marketing and other courses.
In combination with the development strategy of excellent talents, we have connected advanced AI to our digital learning platform, which will intelligently analyze employees learning behaviors and habits, answer their questions and interpret complex concepts through personalized learning, intelligent tutoring and other functions, thereby providing employees with a more efficient, convenient and interesting learning experience and promoting the common growth of the Group and employees.
With this excellent digital learning practice, Mengniu successfully won the Boao Award of China Enterprise Online Learning Conference, Digital Learning Application Benchmarking Enterprise Award for four consecutive years, the most authoritative award, highlighting Mengniu s achievements in the field of digital learning, which strengthened the Group s determination to further deepen the digital talent cultivation strategy.
Career Development Adhering to the performance management concept of creating value wholeheartedly, evaluating value scientifically, sharing value reasonably, Mengniu has established a performance closed-loop management system from goal, evaluation, guidance to improvement.
Besides, upholding the principle of fairness and justice, morality first, the Group has built a three-channel promotion system of management series, professional series and operation series to better meet the development needs of employees.
At the same time, through the professional qualification and experience map, the Group has clarified the knowledge, ability and key experience required for each professional position and provided clear career development goals and guidance for talents.
Cultivation of Breakthrough Innovative Talents Industry Talent DevelopmentCultivation of Scarce High-end Talents Intelligent Online LearningPerformance management conceptCreating value wholeheartedlyEvaluating value scientifically Sharing value reasonably The management at all levels, combined with corporate strategy, department planning, and job responsibilities, have decomposed the overall goals of the Group from top to bottom to each business line, business team and individual employee.
After the communication with the department leaders to formulate the personal performance goals that can be measured, the staff confirmed and signed the performance contract.
Employees regularly review the target achievement, discuss the target completion difficulties and communicate the target adjustment plan with their immediate leader.
Focusing on the three aspects of leadership, values and synergy, we carried out an all-round performance appraisal based on the feedback from individual employees, business partners, superior leaders and subordinate colleagues, and set differentiated performance appraisal cycles for different positions.
In addition, we attach importance to the feedback from the employees on the performance appraisal results.
The department leaders communicate with the employees on their performance results upon conclusion of the appraisal and timely follow up their feedback opinions.
At the same time, the department leaders help employees to clarify their personal development plans, flexibly carry out one-to-one communication with employees, and help employees to achieve targeted ability improvement.
For example, we have launched the Future Star plan for fresh graduates, as a key talent development project to support the realization of Mengniu s future strategy.
In 2023, a total of 204 Future Stars who have completed the fresh management training program were promoted, with a promotion rate of 85. 7.
35 36 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity CEO and Party Secretary reception dayTalent Incentive Employee CommunicationIn addition to providing competitive salary for all staff, Mengniu has also established a performance-based material and spiritual dual incentive system, to commend and reward employees based on their performance more comprehensively and scientifically, and share the results of development with employees through an incentive model that combines current incentives, long-term incentives, innovation incentives and spiritual incentives.
In 2023, Mengniu granted long-term incentives to middle-level and senior management in core and key positions, aiming to drive the Group to achieve long-term strategic goals and realize value sharing.
Mengniu attaches great importance to communicating and exchanging views with employees, and is committed to creating an efficient and transparent communication environment.
In addition, employees can appeal about disputes concerning personal performance appraisal results, workplace misconduct and other aspects, and the relevant responsible person will investigate their complaints, solve them in time and provide feedback.
Employee Benefits Mengniu upholds the employee value proposition of Come together!
With the concept of Let s be talents, Mengniu prioritizes the development of its employees, and build a well-established talent training system through accurate talent selection and effective talent incentive mechanism.
With the pursuit of Let s do great things, we create an innovative mechanism of only imagination can do the impossible, and use the opportunities and platforms to achieve talents.
With the expectation of Let s create a better future, we actively carry out a variety of caring activities to enhance the sense of belonging, happiness and sense of achievement of the staff, thereby realizing the mutual accomplishments with the staff, and building the future hand in hand!
In addition to providing services and guidance at employee induction, promotion, transfer, retirement and other important timing, we elaborately designed new surprise and memory for employees, and launched online function of 12 things can be done in Mengniu, to guide employees record their career in Mengniu and continuously strengthen their connection with Mengniu.
Mengniu has comprehensively launched the Love Her program, offering free screening service for the Two Cancers for more than 10, 000 female employees nationwide, conducting HPV vaccine booking activities, and establishing 56 Mommy Huts across the country.
Mengniu has launched the Yuexin Care to the Grassroots Activity by conducting Yuexin emotional management workshops in 7 factories including factories in Shangzhi, Tongliao and Shenyang, and conducted live lectures on positive psychology to guide employees to work with a positive, healthy and optimistic psychological state.
This year we expressed care to nearly 180, 000 people with RMB 20 million care funds.
In addition, we provide Mengniu babies care services for working mothers, providing parenting knowledge, vacation manuals for pregnant mothers, reimbursement guidelines, psychological counseling courses and baby-related benefits since their early stage of pregnancy, and providing various certificate processing guidelines for pregnant mothers at corresponding timing.
For example, in the Beijing office area, we provide no less than 15 days of parental leave for both female and male employees.
We granted gifts of RMB 180, 000 in cash to employees giving birth to the third child; besides, Mengniu maintained supplementary commercial insurance for all employees children (under the age of 14) to provide additional protection for their children.
Every month, Aice of Mengniu actively communicates with employee representatives on working environment, employee benefits, relationship between superior and subordinates through the staff exchange forum, to understand and meet employees needs in time and efficiently, which significantly reduces the employee turnover rate.
Aice carries out the employee engagement survey every year, from 6 dimensions such as leadership relationship, working environment, self-development, and achievement recognition, to understand employees concerns, listen to their suggestions, further improve employee satisfaction and loyalty, and improve work efficiency and quality.
In 2023, the net recommendation value of employees was 83. 2, indicating that employees are very satisfied with working in Aice.
Happiness 365 Employee Care Work System Employee Engagement SurveyCommunication Channels I do practical work for the staff Series of Activities Female Employee Care Employee Psychological Assistance Program Staff symposiumEmployee voice mailboxPublic account small tree hole Employee thought survey
37 38 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Democratic Management Occupational Health and SafetyMengniu strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations, promotes the Employee Representative Congress system, respects the principal status of employees, and strengthens employees consciousness of democracy and the democratic management, to protect employees rights to know, participate, express and supervise, fully arouse their enthusiasm, initiative, creativity and autonomy, and promote high quality operation of the democratic management system of the Group.
Mengniu complies with the relevant laws and regulations on occupational health and safety, and has formulated a comprehensive occupational health and safety management system.
As a responsible manufacturer, Mengniu attaches great importance to occupational safety.
We have implemented the main accountability of safety level by level, and designated full-time management personnel in the Group, business unit and factory s safety management departments.
Mengniu occupational health and safety standards cover all business lines, all employees, contractors and constructors of the Group.
In addition, we have formulated and improved occupational health and safety performance indicators, and combined action plans with quantitative objectives to provide clear work objectives and management indicators for safety production of the Group.
The Second Session of the 7th Mengniu Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference Safety Risk Prevention and Control Mengniu focuses on safety risk prevention and control, and takes multiple measures to continuously improve the construction of the Group s safety management and compliance system.
In terms of liquid ammonia risk prevention and control, the Group reduced the liquid ammonia reserves and the quantity of major hazard sources through refrigerant replacement and technical transformation to reduce the inherent risks to the maximum.
In terms of fire safety, we invited external experts to carry out special fire assessment of 6 grass-roots enterprises and perform warning prompt and standard investigation for external fire accident, in order to improve compliance with professional strength.
The Group also conducted special actions for key risks such as traffic in the factories and gas safety, to discover and solve problems, and ensure that the risks are under control.
This year, Mengniu's self-operated factories2 have passed the audit of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System, covering room temperature, chilled products, ice products, fresh milk, cheese products, Yashili and other business units.
A total of 6 factories of Mengniu have passed the first-level on-site evaluation of safety production standardization for enterprise.
The coverage rate of ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification for Mengniu's self- operated factories reached 100 For environmental emergencies, Mengniu has formulated emergency plans for environmental emergencies according to relevant laws and regulations, and reported them to the government for the record.
Staff representatives of all business units and factories, including management personnel, grass-roots front-line employees, female staff representatives and representatives of ethnic minorities, totaling 452 staff, attended the Second Session of the 7th Employee and Trade Union Representative Conference of Mengniu Group.
Staff representatives were elected by the grass-roots trade unions.
At the session, 4 work reports and 10 policies related to the immediate interests of employees were deliberated and adopted, indicating our full attention paid to the needs of employees and our determination to solve practical problems for employees.
During the session, the CEO of the Group and the Chairman of the Trade Union signed four types of collective contracts, namely Collective Contract, Special Collective Contract on Salary, Special Collective Contract on Employee Safety and Labor Protection, and Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employees, covering labor remuneration, working hours, rest and vacation, insurance benefits, labor safety and health, special protection for female employees, education, training and other aspects.
Collective contracts cover all employees of Mengniu, providing a favorable legal guarantee for safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of employees and promoting the harmonious development of the Group.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Occupational Health and Safety Culture Construction With reference to the relevant laws and regulations, Mengniu has developed a series of training courses on production safety and occupational health for professionals at all levels according to the their personal characteristics and needs of the business, to improve the safety awareness and professional ability of EHS managers.
In 2023, we developed 14 online courses on occupational health and safety management, and organized 2 face-to-face training sessions for key populations, with a total of 1, 825 times of people participation of learning.
Playing the role of an empowering booster, the Group pays attention to the grassroots and frontline through multi-form, multi-level and omni-directional infiltration of the concepts of production safety and occupational health management, to foster safety and environmental professionals capable of responding and acting effectively at all times, consolidate the bottom line of safety and bravely meet the challenges of the future.
In addition, we actively organized diversified health and safety culture activities, including the Safety Production Month thematic activity, Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Popularization Week thematic activity, the Ankang Cup labor skills competition, and safety scenario simulation experience projects, etc., aiming to effectively implement the Group s safety production management and risk preventive measures, enhance employees awareness of health and safety production, and comprehensively improve professional health and safety skills.
Practice TrainingWe conducted safety training and warning education through virtual and physical emergency drills and VR real-life experiences to enhance the staff s safety awareness, safe operation skills and emergency response capabilities.
Occupational Health Management Mengniu attaches great importance to the health and safety of its employees, strictly comply with national laws and regulations, and strives to ensure the steady progress of occupational health management.
So far, a total of 23 entities under Mengniu have been awarded Healthy Enterprise at provincial and municipal levels.
Employee death rate due to safety production accidents Number of employee deaths due to work-related incidents Total number of employees 100. 5 Lost work hours due to work injuries are primarily for injuries sustained by employees as a result of traffic accidents.
The statistical scope of data related to employee turnover is within Mengniu s principal business.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Industrial Revitalization In its deeper dive into the Dairy Ecosystem 2025 Value Sharing strategy, Mengniu takes root in the farming and livestock industries and cares for farmers and herdsmen.
Relying on the establishment of our milk source base featuring millions of dairy cattle, millions of mu of pasture, millions of tonnes of milk and the construction of the national dairy industry park cluster, we have made interest-based connections with farmers and herdsmen in the upstream and downstream industries, empowered farmers and herdsmen with technologies, united with financial institutions to ease financial difficulties, and integrated primary, secondary and tertiary industries, to increase farmers and herdsmen s participation in and benefit from the industry.
In recent years, Mengniu has laid out and established more than 10 dairy industry parks nationwide, promoted the breeding of more than 1. 7 million dairy cows and planting of more than 6 million mu of high-quality forage grass nationwide, directly and indirectly pushed forward more than 4 million farmers and herdsmen to increase their income.
Upscaling of Planting and Rearing Technology Empowerment In 2023, in coloration with government authorities and the National Dairy Industry and Technology System, Mengniu held the Mengniu Group Sustainability Conference among Dairy Industry Chain Partners and 2024 Pasture SOP Benchmarking and Mutual Learning Activity themed with Greener, More Nutritious and more intelligent.
Such activity aimed to help the pasture partners to implement standard management, precision breeding and cost reduction & efficiency enhancement, enhance their comprehensive competitiveness, and achieve common prosperity of the upstream and downstream industrial chains.
Mengniu Group Sustainability Conference among Dairy Industry Chain Partners and 2024 Pasture SOP Benchmarking and Mutual Learning Activity Rural Revitalization With the 14th Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalization Action Plan, and in combination with its industrial strength as a leading dairy company, Mengniu identified and refined its four-in-one rural revitalization system consisting of industrial revitalization ecological revitalization inclusive nutrition Party building.
Further, leveraging on the development of the entire industry chain with the slogan from a blade of grass to a glass of milk, we built up an interest-based connected mechanism with farmers and herdsmen to increase their income, and provided nutrition products in underdeveloped areas.
Charitable breeding technology training 40 sessionsPublic welfare training covering a cumulative total of over 107, 000 times of people participation
45 46 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity Ecological Revitalization Upholding the concept of lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, Mengniu made an endeavor to create a green and low-carbon ecosystem, take the lead in fostering green and low-carbon development, and promote the revitalization of rural ecology.
We have developed a recycling economic model featuring windbreak and sand-control, grass planting and cow farming, recycling cow manure to the fields, achieving exceptional ecological efficiencies.
So far, we have planted more than 98 million trees suited for sandy soils in the neck of the desert corridor, converting more than 200 square kilometers of desert into green land.
Ulan Buh Desert Ecological Management Inclusive Nutrition With the mission of inclusive nutrition helping to safeguard our future under the Inclusive Nutrition Plan and the vision of enabling every single life to have health and joy, Mengniu made a number of efforts to promote nutrition and health initiatives targeted at students and safeguard the healthy growth of Chinese teenagers and children.
In 2023, Mengniu conducted the Milk Donation Program of Inclusive Nutrition Plan in 452 schools in 21 provinces and autonomous regions across the country, donating more than 3. 704 million boxes of milk and covering 582, 000 teenagers and children.
For more than two decades, such program has benefited 25 million students in 28 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country.
With our focus on supporting education in rural area, the Group, in collaboration with China Youth Development Foundation, sponsored the Future Star Student Assistance Program charitable donation activity, to provide education and living grants for 1, 000 students receiving compulsory education from families with relative financial difficulties, thus mitigating their financial burden and helping them to successfully complete their education.
We sponsored the construction of Mengniu Hope Clinic Project in 10 schools in rural areas of Hubei Province, helping local schools to improve their healthcare infrastructure and enhance the comprehensive quality and professional competence of campus health center staff through training, so as to improve the healthcare conditions in rural areas and promote the healthy development of rural youth.
In addition, the Group consistently strived to innovate the promoting approaches of the Party s theories, and contributed theoretical nourishment to the rural revitalization by organizing over 100 events, such as theoretical lectures, artistic performances, themed movie viewings, and visits to red revolutionary education bases.
In March 2023, Mengniu joined hands with other members of the Party-building alliance, including The Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region agriculture and animal husbandry hall, Bank of China Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region branch, to jointly carry out charitable caregiving activities and give care to the elderly in the Xiwulan Bulang Village; during Children s Day, the Group organized the Two introductions and one assistance initiatives Party building activities at Center School of Xiwulan Bulang Village, talking about milk knowledge to children and donating living necessities.
Such initiatives supported Xiwulan Bulang Village to early achieve rural revitalization through practical actions.
The volunteers of Mengniu had recorded more than 10, 000 attendances in such volunteer service activities and provided nearly 24, 000 hours of volunteer service.
We have formulated the China Mengniu Public Donation Management System, publishing and standardizing volunteer service requirements, and regulating donation management and guiding employees to conduct volunteer activities.
Such practical actions embodied our volunteer spirit of dedication, fraternity, mutual assistance and progress.
In 2023, jointly with the China Youth Development Foundation, Mengniu kicked off the 2023 Project Hope - Mengniu Youth Football Public Welfare Activity for the third time, aiming to select teenagers who love football and boost the development of China s football cause.
During the year, the Project carried out a total of 15 regional football league games and 10 offline football challenge games, attracting more than 260 schools, and more than 5, 000 teachers and students, and selecting 20 teenagers to watch the World Cup.
With the support of many parties, the first Dream Center located within Mengniu was officially completed at Mengniu s Tongzhou factory in Beijing.
During the year, a total of 133 people were certified as industrial culture HIBL instructors, thus actively promoting the HIBL education that combines education and entertainment, passing on the industrial culture, promoting the industrial spirit, and cultivating HIBL talents.
Development of HIBL Curriculum and Data-Based Platform HIBL Scenario Construction Nurturing HIBL Talents To better demonstrate to the adolescents Mengniu s technological innovation and digital and intelligent production processes, the Group hosted the special event of Exploring the mystery of milk of the 2023 Youth University Science Camp on Food Science and Technology, leading participants to have a deep understanding of Mengniu s innovative development and nutrition and health concepts.
Such activities promoted the scientist spirits, such as patriotism, innovation, truth-seeking, dedication, collaboration, and education, and inspired the youth to make unremitting efforts to build a strong nation empowered by science and technology and realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
In 2023, Mengniu officially launched the Better Nutrition, Healthier Growth Chinese Student Nutrition and Health Education Public Welfare Campaign in Thousands of Schools Across Hundred Cities.
The initiative aimed to actively promote student nutrition and health education, boost healthy food culture in campuses, and cultivate healthy eating habits, improve physical fitness, and ensure the healthy growth of children and adolescents.
During the year, Mengniu has conducted 120 lectures on food education nationwide, benefiting more than 8, 000 students.
Mengniu supports the China Volunteer Service Federation in conducting the free clinic activities.
In December 2023, a free clinic was held for the firefighters of the Fuyou Street Special Service Station of the Beijing Xicheng District Fire Rescue and Support Brigade, focusing on the health of the firefighters.
Food-specific Technology Camp Chinese Student Nutrition and Health Education Public Welfare Campaign in Thousands of Schools Across Hundred Cities Filial Piety and Respect for the Elderly Charitable Activity Health Care Campaign for Firefighters Mengniu organized various public welfare activities to promote nutrition and health for different groups such as the elderly and firefighters, and provided nutritional products, psychological support, as well as knowledge in nutrition assistance and occupational health.
Community Welfare In 2023, in active response to the national policy in promoting all-rounded education and industrial culture, and by leveraging on more modern and scientific hands-on inquiry-based learning (HIBL) and in combination of industrial culture with education, Mengniu was committed to raising the nutritional and health awareness, and giving vocational literacy enlightenment for primary and secondary school students to help with the healthy growth for Chinese teenagers.
Mengniu actively carries out voluntary service activities such as nutrition and health public welfare activities, care of the wider community, and environmental protection, to fulfill corporate social responsibility, and make every life thrive with every drop of nutrition.
Emergency ReliefVolunteer Services Earthquake RescueRecovery Center Rainstorm ReliefIn May 2023, a 4. 5-magnitude earthquake struck Baoshan, Yunnan province, and in December, a 6. 2-magnitude earthquake hit Jishishan County, Linxia Prefecture, Gansu province, causing casualties and property losses.
Mengniu promptly responded by participating in earthquake relief operations, donating a total of 800 boxes of cheese, 500 boxes of milk, 544, 000 packs of snacks, 1, 852 sets of blankets, 1, 000 sets of food and oil packages, to fully support the earthquake relief efforts.
In August 2023, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region experienced continuous rainfall and subsequent flooding and geological disasters due to a powerful typhoon, leading to a serious impact on the safety of people s lives and property.
Mengniu swiftly launched relief work, donating over 200, 000 cartons of milk, 12, 000 sticks of cheese, to support disaster relief operations, and meet the needs of affected populations and rescue personnel.
This year, Mengniu volunteers sent milk, milk powder, milk tablets, handmade diamond paintings, brushes, urgently needed bunk beds, and other supplies to the children at to the Recovery Center.
Volunteers also made handmade paintings and performed talent shows with children, and carefully learned about the children s living conditions to deliver Mengniu s care and love.
Youth Volunteering Activities During the Commemoration Day of Learning from Lei Feng, the May 4th Youth Day and the International Volunteer Day, Mengniu volunteers visited campuses, nursing homes, welfare homes and front-line positions to carry out special groups caring activities, environmental protection, job assistance, clothing donation, tree planting and other youth volunteer activities.
We pledged that for every bottle of Xiaoxianyu sold, a portion of the proceeds would be donated to help build adoption and rehoming platforms and sponsor offline adoption events nationwide, thereby helping stray cats find homes.
Stray Cats Adoption Program
53 54 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Responsibility-Common Prosperity As one of the most internationally influential Chinese dairy enterprise, Mengniu actively fulfills its social responsibilities overseas and actively carries out charity activities in New Zealand, Indonesia and other places where it operates, constantly improving local people s livelihood and well-being, and showcasing the sense of responsibility of Chinese dairy enterprises.
Overseas Corporate Citizenship In 2023, Aice of Mengniu actively cooperated with the Indonesian government, schools and other institutions to carry out charity activities, focusing on charity donations, tourism promotion, nutrition and health, post-disaster construction and other aspects to drive local development and fulfill social responsibilities.
Focusing on the healthy growth needs of local children in Indonesia, Aice cooperated with the Foodbank of Indonesia to distribute food and ice cream to kindergarten children and teach children to choose healthy breakfast and desserts correctly.
Aice is concerned about the post-disaster reconstruction work in Lombok island and has built volleyball courts and other facilities for schools affected by the earthquake to meet the educational needs of children.
Honors In 2023, Yashili of Mengniu funded the construction of schools, libraries, and medical centers in New Zealand, and held themed charity sales and fundraising activities to help local charity organizations raise funds for children born with congenital heart diseases.
Environment-Carbon Net-Zero SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu, as China's leading dairy company, adhering to the concept of Promising a Healthier World, is committed to establishing an environmentally friendly production system, and promise to achieve carbon neutrality across the entire industry chain by 2050.
Under the pillar of Environment-Carbon Net-Zero of GREEN Sustainable Development Strategy, Mengniu has carried out greenhouse gas (GHG) management, water resources management, waste disposal, recycling and other actions to minimize the impact on the environment by setting up three topics, namely, Dual-Carbon Action, Green Operation and Recycle.
Mengniu s Deluxe Frozen Cheese Milk Ice Cream, Deluxe Strawberry Milk Ice Cream, and Deluxe Vanilla-Flavored Milk Ice Cream have been granted the carbon neutral certification.
Mengniu has promoted the completion of more than 260 carbon reduction initiatives, including coal-fired boilers replacement, water and electricity conservation, and the use of new energy vehicles, reducing GHG emissions by about 185, 000 tonnes.
Mengniu has installed more than 22. 06 MW of solar photovoltaic capacity with an annual electricity generation of 11, 267. 80 MWh.
By the end of 2023, 30 factories of Mengniu have been certified as National- level Green Factory.
By the end of 2023, 9 factories of Mengniu were recognized as Zero-Waste Factory demonstration units.
factories of Mengniu were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu s self-operated factories have achieved 100 coverage in environmental management system certification.
Mengniu s water consumption per tonne of dairy products has fallen by 3. 8 this year compared with that in 2020.
The annual water saving was 1, 062, 000 tonnes (including social water saving of 890, 000 tonnes ).
Mengniu s the third Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit and Tai an factory of Chilled Product Business Unit successfully passed the AWS water management certification.
The product of Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit, namely Milk Deluxe (Dream Cap) Organic Pure Milk, obtained the first Water Footprint Verification Statement for organic pure milk in China.
Mengniu s water reuse volume was about 2. 04 million tonnes, with a reclaimed water rate of 6. 44.
By the end of 2023, 23 enterprises of Mengniu were granted the title of water-saving enterprises.
Mengniu promises to achieve 100 sustainable packaging technology by 2025, and strives to lead the industry on achieving low-carbon packaging in Mengniu s entire product line.
products of Mengniu have obtained the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E certification) issued by T V Rheinland.
Highlights in 2023 Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle Dual-Carbon Action Green Operation Recycle
57 58 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Dual-Carbon Action Led by the national Dual Carbon strategy, our industry has seen the commitment to green, low-carbon and sustainability as a consensus.
In response to the national Dual Carbon goal, Mengniu has established and improved its Dual Carbon governance structure and set the strategic plan of carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050, focusing on production, raw milk, packaging, transportation and products.
The table below shows the total GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity in scope 1 and 2 of Mengniu during 2018 2023, GHG include carbon dioxide, methane, and hydrofluorocarbons.
In 2025, the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 165kgCO2e t. In line with the Group s phase I strategic planning and industrial structure adjustment, Mengniu continues to promote the reduction of scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions, and deepen the implementation of the scope 3 GHG emissions reduction measures.
In 2030, the absolute value of the scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reaches the peak, and the GHG emission intensity of a single ton of dairy products should be within 160kgCO2e t. With the target of carbon neutrality, Mengniu maintains the GHG emission reduction measures and achievements in scope 1 and 2, and promotes comprehensive GHG emission reduction in scope 3.
The proportion of renewable clean energy increases and the product carbon footprint decreases year by year.
In 2050, Mengniu achieves carbon neutrality in scope 1, 2 and 3.
Mengniu is committed to continuous innovation, promoting energy-saving and consumption-reduction technologies, adjusting the energy consumption structure and increasing the proportion of renewable energy use.
During the year, the Group's total GHG emission in scope 1 and 2 was 1. 42 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent, and the intensity was 0. 166kg CO2e kg product, representing a decrease in both total GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity.
Phase I 2023-2025Phase II 2025-2030Phase III 2030-2050 Mengniu has established a dual-carbon governance structure led by the Board of Directors, with the management taking charge of, and each business unit and factory as the main execution function.
Governance StructureDual-Carbon Strategic Planning Mengniu s Carbon Reduction Targets GHG Emissions The Board of Directors of Mengniu oversees climate change related matters of the Company, makes decisions on the Group's strategic planning related to climate change, supervises climate change- related risks and opportunities, reviews climate change-related goals, as well as listens to the management's report on climate change related matters and makes recommendations.
Management level The Group's Safety and Quality Management Department is responsible for implementing of all decisions and daily work of carbon emission management; Mengniu s business units are responsible for undertaking, transforming, and promoting the work, and reporting their carbon reduction progress and achieved status of carbon targets; Mengniu s factories implement business unit s low-carbon development measures, collect factory-level GHG emission data, ensure the achievement of business units carbon targets, and report the results of carbon reduction efforts to business units.
Executive level Identifying Risks and Opportunities, Developing Plans, Managing Goals YearTotal GHG Emissions (ten thousand tonnes of CO2 equivalent)GHG Emission Intensity (kgCO2e kg product) 2018 110 0. 174 2019 116 0. 168 2020 127 0. 169 2021 136 0. 171 2022 143 0. 168 2023 142 0. 166
59 60 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Based on the Group's dual-carbon target of carbon peak by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2050 and strategic plan, Mengniu has clarified the focus on carbon reduction in production related scope 1 and 2.
Mengniu regards enhancing capacity utilization, improving energy efficiency, recycling surplus energy and optimizing energy structure as the core aspects of production-related carbon reduction.
During the year, factories of the business units have implemented 160 energy-saving and emission reduction projects at the source and 55 carbon reduction projects through industrial collaboration, achieving a total carbon reduction of over 21, 000 tonnes by saving of 21. 6 million kWh of electricity and 29, 000 tonnes of steam throughout the year.
At the same time, we are committed to building low-carbon and zero-carbon factories to reduce the environmental impact of production operations.
Mengniu has integrated the concept of enhancing capacity utilization into the entire production process, reducing capacity loss by shortening process transfer time, applying innovative production technologies and investing in automated and intelligent production equipment.
By applying the new technology of high-efficient enzyme, the Ice Cream Product Business Unit reduced the amount of sugar used in the lactose hydrolysis process of Deluxe Milk Ice Cream, thereby shortening the production time, reducing energy loss and GHG emission.
By adjusting idle cleaning time of the equipment and waiting time for preparatory production, the Fresh Milk Business Unit reduced the equipment cleaning and equipment idling time, thereby reducing the energy loss, saving 104, 785 kWh of electricity per year.
For better coordination, deployment, guidance and supervision over the carbon emission management of each business unit, Mengniu has established a 1 4 carbon emission MRV (monitor, reporting and verify) system, structured an organization covering points, lines and areas, and developed online management and monitoring systems to achieve dynamic human resource management, and ensure the integrity, authenticity and reliability of GHG data by strengthening data management and personnel arrangements.
The Carbon Emission Management Measures, serves as a guiding document, clarifying the organizational structure to ensure the operation of the MRV system.
The Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide, serves as a workflow guideline, specifying the methods, processes, requirements and standards for GHG emissions monitoring, accounting, reporting and verification.
Carbon Emission Reduction in Scopes 1 and 2 Enhancing Capacity Utilization Application of high-efficiency enzyme technology Optimization of equipment idling timeThe MRV system improves the timeliness of data collection and reduces the recurrence of accounting issues by standardizing workflow processes; improves data consistency and integrity by clarifying accounting methods; and heightens data accuracy through a three-level audit mechanism.
In the initial operation of the MRV system, the Group carried out on-site carbon management-related audits in 20 factories this year, sorted out and classified issues encountered during the audit process to form a 50-question List of Carbon Emissions MRV.
Monitoring level Accounting level Reporting level Verification level Each factory develops and publishes a carbon emission monitoring plan.
Each factory implements a carbon emission file management system and ensure 100 filing.
MRV System Production-related Carbon ReductionDual-Carbon Management The Group guides and deploys carbon management with Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025), Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Measures and Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide in place.
This year, we have established Carbon Emission Management Report to clarify the regular reporting mechanism for GHG emission management, finalized the quarterly and annual Key Tasks Breakdown of Low Carbon Initiatives, and promoted the implementation of nearly 200 production carbon reduction projects.
Each business unit takes up the Group s low-carbon development plan, thus breaking down the emission reduction targets, and formulating business unit-specific low-carbon plans and management documents from three aspects of production, packaging, and transportation.
After the transformation, its natural gas consumption per tonne of steam was reduced by 6, resulting in an annual saving of approximately 75, 000 cubic meters of natural gas.
factories of Room Temperature Business Unit have implemented smart energy system, utilizing digital and intelligent technologies such as intelligent group control technology and efficiency analysis model, resulting in a 5 increase of energy conversion efficiency.
The Shangzhi Factory adjusts heating control using visualized data, controlling the operation of equipment according the weather and temperature, saving 31, 680 kWh of electricity annually.
The Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit recovered steam condensate for replenishing acid and alkali tanks in the workshops, saving water and steam consumption, with an annual water saving of about 6, 000 tonnes and a steam saving of about 700 tonnes.
The factory continuously improved its carbon management performance through inspection and improvement to help the Group achieve its carbon neutrality target scientifically.
During the year, the Beijing Factory of Chilled Product Business Unit obtained the certification of the group standard T CAS 612-2022 Carbon Neutrality Management System Requirements, becoming the first factory in the industry to obtain the carbon neutrality management system certification.
In 2022, the factory had already received the PAS 2060 Carbon Neutrality and Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certificate from Germany s T V Rheinland and the Carbon Neutrality Certificate from China's Guangzhou Emissions Exchange.
Renewable Energy Utilization Target Carbon Neutrality Management System Certification Zero-Carbon Emission Factory Certification Building Low-Carbon FactoriesMengniu increases its installed photovoltaic power capacity by 30 by the end of 2025 compared to 2023.
During the year, the newly- installed capacity of photovoltaic power generation projects was 7. 46MW, with the cumulative installed photovoltaic power capacity reaching 22. 06MW, representing an increase of 51. 09 compared to 2022, and successfully achieved the renewable energy target set in 2022.
In 2023, the Group's green electricity procurement reached 10. 82 million kWh, indicating a significant increase of 41 compared to 2022.
63 64 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu actively promotes employees to practice sustainable development strategy, encouraging green office, green business travel and green lifestyle actions among employees, and launching a series of environmental protection activities to promote employees awareness of low-carbon and environmental protection.
During the year, the Company signed approximately 980, 000 contracts online.
Mengniu launched a low-carbon business travel project, which identifies employees carbon reduction behaviors during business travel through reimbursement system orders and invoices.
The Group encourages all employees to participate in low-carbon travel by giving shopping points as rewards.
Low-Carbon Offices More than 260 carbon reduction initiatives have been implementedReducing GHG emissions by approximately 185, 000 tonnesIn order to improve employees awareness of low-carbon and environmental protection, Mengniu has launched the Mengniu s Talents on Action Mini Program, and carried out green-themed activities such as Creative Milk Boxes and Green Actions Checkpoint Activity.
Among them, employees activities, such as clean-dish action, using own cup, bottle recycling and used clothing donation achieved carbon reduction of 4, 065 kg along the value chain.
China Modern Dairy of Mengniu has pioneered the green cycle model of grass planting-dairy farming-manure treatment- biogas power generation-manure return to the farmland.
By promoting the efficient use of clean energy, it successfully built a win-win model of cost reduction and green electricity self- consumption, exploring a green cycle development way for the industry.
China Modern Dairy was awarded the first Low-Carbon Pasture Innovation Demonstration Base by the Beijing Low Carbon Agriculture Association, demonstrating its contribution on methane emission reduction, synergistic efficiency and high-quality development.
Mengniu s Talents on Action Mini Program Building of Green-Cycle Pastures Mengniu pays attention to the environmental impacts of the value chain, incorporates the value chain carbon reduction into its dual-carbon strategy, and works together with stakeholders of the important components, such as the pasture, product and logistics, to explore low-carbon development and facilitate the green development of the industry.
We are dedicated to the construction of low- carbon green pastures and continuously promote pasture carbon reduction in five aspects, including energy utilization, manure treatment, herd management, feed composition and structure, and ecological carbon fixation.
In 2023, Mengniu has steadily promoted construction of its low-carbon pastures and continued to promote the replacement of coal boilers, water and electricity saving, and the use of new energy vehicles.
More than 260 carbon reduction initiatives have been implemented, reducing GHG emissions by approximately 185, 000 tonnes.
Low-Carbon Pastures
65 66 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Improving Energy Efficiency on Pastures The replacement of fossil energy in pastures by Mengniu has been expedited through the increased proportion of solar energy, geothermal energy, air energy and other clean energy.
Mengniu actively guided pastures to adopt distributed photovoltaic power generation, realizing the power generation mode of self-use and excess electricity to the grid.
Meanwhile, Mengniu is promoting continuous improvement of pastures digital and intelligent energy consumption management capabilities, optimize intelligent power-saving management mode, and facilitate the adoption of intelligent sound and light control systems to save energy.
Managing and Optimizing Herd Structure Mengniu s cooperating pastures continued to optimize their herd management structure, increasing the efficiency of cow production capacity per unit by lowering the culling rate of dairy cows and scientifically advancing the first calving time of young cattle, to effectively reduce GHG emissions.
Ecological Carbon Fixation While actively promoting decarbonization projects, we are also promoting the implementation of ecological carbon fixation in agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and grassland in cooperating pastures.
Through afforestation, returning pasture to grassland, and desertification treatment, we have effectively facilitated the carbon reduction and low-carbon transformation of our industrial chain.
In 2023, Mengniu promotes the biogas power generation to 120 million kWh from the pasturesReducing GHG emissions by about 66, 800 tonnesOptimizing Manure Management Practices Mengniu has continued to optimize the treatment of manure generated in its pastures to reduce carbon emission during the manure storage process.
We promoted the use of new manure treatment processes in our pastures, such as the rapid manure drying system, which is able to reduce methane emissions by collecting and burn the methane gas produced by manure fermentation through closed-system treatment.
Meanwhile, we actively promoted intelligent bio-fermentation cogeneration and vigorously promote biogas power generation.
In 2023, Mengniu promotes the biogas power generation to 120 million kWh from the pastures, reducing GHG emissions by about 66, 800 tonnes.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero
67 68 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Intensive Transportation Mode Green Warehouse ConstructionOptimizing Transportation Structure Optimizing Transportation Route Replacement with New Energy VehiclesBased on the demand of distribution volume of outlets, Mengniu filters outlets that meet the standard of one-stop delivery, and adopts direct distribution from factories to avoid transshipment in warehouses and shorten the mileage of product transportation.
Mengniu advocates energy-saving, land-saving, water-saving and material-saving in warehousing, and actively develops and makes full use of new energy sources.
The Room Temperature Business Unit has launched a strategic cooperation with the railroad bureau and shipping company, designed 11 railroad transportation lines, and relying on 11 high-quality routes of sea transportation, continue to promote the volume of railroad and sea transportation.
The Fresh Milk Business Unit has initiated a pilot project on air-to-rail transportation of goods and medium- to long- distance cargo, collaborating with planned logistics center and partners.
This endeavor has resulted in an impressive cumulative mileage of approximately 113, 500 kilometers of air-to-rail transport, significantly reducing carbon emissions in the logistics and transportation process.
The milk carriers in all pastures are equipped with GPS positioning systems, and their transportation routes are optimized annually to reduce unnecessary routes, thereby enhancing transportation efficiency.
The Chilled Product Business Unit has completed the optimization of 60 transportation routes, reducing mileage by approximately 4, 690 kilometers and reducing GHG emissions by 2, 400 tonnes.
We have prioritized the utilization of new energy vehicles, providing guidance to carriers in upgrading their transportation fleet through fuel substitution and energy efficiency improvement.
During the year, the Room Temperature Business Unit has put 79 new energy vehicles into operation; the Chilled Product Business Unit upgraded 35 new energy vehicles for its urban distribution; the Ice Cream Product Business Unit completed the replacement of 38 lithium-powered forklift; Mengniu's cooperative pastures replace 28 fuel-powered milk carriers with gas-powered carriers, and 3 with electric vehicles, and 37 fuel pick-up vehicles with electric vehicles; in order to reduce energy use, Miaoke Landuo has switched the transporation vehicles for 2-25 C fresh cheese from low-temperature to room temperature transport while ensuring the temperature meets the storage requirements and is under the premise of the products quality.
Mengniu has an extensive value chain logistics transportation network, covering the transportation of upstream raw materials and downstream products.
The Company has prioritized carbon emissions in the logistics transportation process, progressively transitioning to electric vehicles for logistics operations, replacing fossil fuels with biomass fuels and optimizing the structure of transportation logistics to establish a more efficient and low-carbon logistics system.
Meanwhile, we are actively developing green warehousing, supporting the construction of energy-saving and environmentally-friendly warehousing facilities, achieving green and low-carbon development in the transportation and storage stages of goods.
Low-Carbon Logistics Mengniu inspects the environmental impact of its products from the entire life cycle perspective.
Mengniu has launched various carbon-neutral products based on product carbon footprint calculations to lead a trend of low-carbon life and low-carbon consumption.
Third-party Carbon Footprint Evaluation Product Carbon Neutrality CertificationMengniu actively explores opportunities for carbon reduction throughout the entire product life cycle and continuously reduce carbon footprints of its products.
This year, the Company measured the carbon footprint of Shiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk (720ml).
The measurement was made in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services, covering stages of raw materials sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and retailing, use and final disposal.
The Chilled Product Business Unit launched the Mengniu Yoyi C with new environmental plastic-reduced packaging, which adopts a label- free design, eliminates labels, and changes PS material to PP material, making it easier to be recycled, in respond to environmental policies and implementation of dual-carbon action, The carbon footprint of the product with new packaging has been reduced by 46. 62 compared with the previous packaging, and the product was awarded the Product Carbon Reduction Certificate.
This year, three products under Mengniu's Deluxe, namely Deluxe Frozen Cheese Milk Ice Cream, Deluxe Strawberry Milk Ice Cream and Deluxe Vanilla-Flavored Milk Ice Cream, obtained Carbon Neutrality Certification.
The carbon footprints of these products were measured in accordance with ISO 14067 2018 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products- Requirements and Guidelines for Quantification and PAS 2050 2011 Specification for the Assessment of the Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Goods and Services covering GHG emissions throughout the product's entire life cycle includes upstream raw material extraction and processing, raw material transportation, product manufacturing, product sales and transportation, product use and product disposal stages.
CSLCP-2023-0098 The calculation is based on the data provided by the client, and Carbonstop is not responsible for the authenticity of the original data.
g 5 100 g 5 Product Specification Zero Sucrose, 100 g bottle, one set contains 5 bottles (100g 5 bottles) Company Name Mengniu Gaoke Dairy Products (Beijing) Co., Ltd 2022 1 2022 10 Accounting Period From January to October, 2022 1 Company Address No. 1, Zone 1, Food Industrial Park, Tongzhou District, Beijing ISO 14067 2018 PAS 2050 ISO 14064-2 Accounting Standards ISO 14067 2018 & PAS 2050 & ISO 14064-2 C 0 Product Name YOYIC Zero Sucrose Original Flavor Active Type Lactic Acid Bacteria Drink 84. 31 gCO2e Product GHG emission reduction 84. 31 gCO2e set This is to certify that, by reducing plastic packaging, the GHG emission reduction of the YOYIC Zero Sucrose Original Flavor Active Type Lactic Acid Bacteria Drink packaging (raw material acquisition, manufacturing, transportation, use, waste disposal etc.) is 84. 31 gCO 2e set, and emissions reduce by 46. 62, compared with the original packaging.
C 0 84. 31 gCO2e 46. 62 Low-Carbon Products The carbon footprint of the product with new packaging has been reduced by 46. 62
69 70 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Environmental Protection Management Action HonorsThe Company has invested RMB27. 45 million in ecological environmental protection All environmental protection indexes achieved 100 compliance Mengniu has optimized and updated the environmental online monitoring platform, integrating data channels and establishing a group-level pollutant discharge database to achieve streamlined data.
In 2023, the Group conducted various energy-saving and environmental protection sessions, covering the interpretation of the 1 N environmental protection system, Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) and other related topics.
These sessions were designed to comprehensively and systematically introduce energy-saving and environmental protection- related systems, regulations, measures, strategies, practice and cases studies, so as to continuously improve employees awareness of energy-saving and environmental protection issues, as well as their professional skills.
The fourth Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit was awarded the TPM Excellence Award (Category B) from Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance.
Green Operation Mengniu actively shoulders its responsibility for environmental protection, identifies and complies with the requirements of national laws and regulations related to environmental protection.
With the assistance of third-party professiona and focusing on significant risks, Mengniu has ennhanced its safety and environmental management according to relevant regulations and mechanisms, as well as regulatory inspections of ecological environmental protection and other requirements.
Environmental System Certification The coverage rate of ISO 14001 environmental management system certification for Mengniu's self-operated factories reached 100 With no serious non-conforming items identified during the auditFor general non-conforming items, the Group has completed 100 rectificationMengniu abides by the requirements of the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste and other laws and regulations, and has formulated the Mengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Management as the guideline for Mengniu s environmental protection.
On this basis, the Group integrated its environmental protection management systems, including the Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge for Pollutant Discharge and the Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System, and established the environmental protection 1 N system, comprising 1 comprehensive management system and 11 matching special processes, further clarifying the environmental protection responsibilities of the Group, functional departments, business units and factories.
Meanwhile, Mengniu developed an internal management guide and review mechanism for ecological and environmental compliance, marking a significant milestone in strengthening the compliance management and control capacity of basic-level factories through self-assessment and self-review by the Group, business units and factories and promoted the development of environmental protection system management to centralization, standardization, systematization and process- orientation.
During the year, Mengniu did not experience any significant environmental incidents.
In order to effectively identify and manage environmental risks, Mengniu has established the Environmental Risk Map.
The actions identified a total of 13 key ecological and environmental risks, which were subsequently incorporated into the risk map for dynamic tracking management.
These risks encompass various categories such as compliant operation of pollution treatment facilities and environmental monitoring and management.
Through the implementation of technological upgrades, infrastructure improvements, enhanced daily supervision and other measures, all 13 risks have been rectified and closured to ensure the stable operation of production and operation.
For environmental emergencies, each factory of the Company has prepared the Environmental Emergency Response Plan, and conducts emergency response drills and training for environmental risks as per the planned schedule.
Moreover, we have strengthened the regulation of factories in key ecological and environmental protection areas through reinforcing the control requirement and ensuring adequate funding investment.
In 2023, the Company has invested RMB27. 45 million in ecological environmental protection and all environmental protection indexes achieved 100 compliance.
Mengniu has been continuously enhancing the assessment of ecological and environmental protection, implementing a three-tier evaluation mechanism consisting of self-assessment at the factory level, random assessments by business units, and reassessment by the Group.
This ensures the continuous improvement of the Group s environmental protection management system.
Leveraging on the Environmental Risk Map and other management tools, Mengniu incorporated environmental risks identified during the audit, enabling the implementation of dynamic management.
This resulted in achieving a PDCA6 closed-loop control, encompassing risk identification, plan formulation, process supervision, tracking and early warning, as well as risk rectification and closure.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Mengniu s Sustainable Development Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s water resource management issues.
The Group entered into letters of commitment with the leads of each business units, tracking the achievement progress on a monthly and annual basis, and implements responsibilities through performance assessment and other measures.
Mengniu conducted systematic management of its own water, and developed Watershed Risk Map and Watershed Risk Map to assess the water stress levels in the surrounding areas of its factories, enabling continuous enhancement of its water risk management practices.
The assessment found that Mengniu's factories located near high-risk watersheds such as the Yellow River, Yellow Sea and East China Sea, and the Liao River are exposed to higher physical risks., By identifying and assessing water risks faced by factories, we help companies to identify priorities and locations for water risk response and better respond to water risk challenges, thereby laying a solid foundation for Mengniu's sustainable development.
Mengniu takes the entire lifecycle of water resource usage into consideration, mapping out the Water Flow Map to identify potential opportunities for water saving and water environment protection.
Mengniu further improved its water saving measures, explored water-saving opportunities and form Water Resource Risk Warning Map to guide the upgrades and implementation of water-saving technology.
Watershed Risk MapWater Flow Map Water Use Management The Group adheres to the concept of Prioritizing Water Conservation and Balanced Development in order to effectively address the increasingly severe global water resources situation, and implements comprehensive management strategies for water resource conservation.
We are actively mitigating the impact of our production operations on local water resources through the development of comprehensive Watershed Risk Map and Water Flow Map, implementation of the water-saving strategy, effective management of water footprint execution of impactful water conservation demonstrations and other related initiatives.
In 2023, Mengniu withdrawed a total of 35. 20 million tonnes of water, and discharged 31. 70 million tonnes of water, saved 1. 06 million tonnes of water (including 0. 89 millon tonnes of social water savings).
Meanwhile, Mengniu reused about 2. 04 million tonnes of reclaimed water, with a reclaimed water rate of 6. 44.
This year, the water consumption per tonne of dairy product of Mengniu decreased by 3. 8 compared to 2020.
By the end of 2023, a total of 23 legal entities of the Group were honored with the title of water-saving enterprise.
opportunities of water savin g water consumption warnin gwater reusewater treatmentfresh wate r soft water pure wate r area of water use water treatment techniqueflow of waste wate r1. 9 laboratory12. 7 batching system0. 18 water for laboratory6. 51 water for greeningcleaning water reclaimed water waste water compliance dischargesecondary concentrated waterforward flushing waterbackwar d flushing watermultimedia filtrationpure water primary concentrated water10. 5 sanitizing system6. 25 cooling system4. 58 heating system6. 95 refrigerating system45. 5 CIP system reverse osmosis filtrationrefined filtrationsafeguard filtrationsoftening filtration73. 78 11. 62 14. 6 soft waterwaste water waste water treatmentpurchased steamboiler steamdeaerating process fresh watercondensed water 4. 93 water for domestic use
73 74 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero 3U Water-Saving Strategy Pilot Verification of Product Water Footprint Water Management CertificationWith the Save Use, Recycle Use and Common Use as the Group s water-saving strategies, Mengniu have incorporated the Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) methodology into its water-saving management.
This integration has facilitated the establishment of a unified understanding of water conservation within the Group, guiding our efforts to conserve water through enhancements in our management system, formation of specialized technical teams, and utilization of intelligent metering instruments.
Each business unit of the Group have been actively exploring the introduction of new technologies, methodologies and processes to systematically investigate the potential for water conservation, and to enhance the efficiency of water resource utilization through recycling and reusing of steam condensate, motor cooling water and reverse osmosis concentrated water.
Mengniu has been steadily promoting the inspection of water footprints.
In 2023, the product of Gaoke Factory of Room Temperature Business Unit, namely Milk Deluxe (Dream Cap) Organic Pure Milk, obtained the first Water Footprint Verification Statement for organic pure milk in China.
In addition, the Chilled Product Business Unit has established water consumption maps for each factory, sorting out the configuration of metering instruments and automatically collecting footprint data through digital technology, which is ultimately aggregated in the data center to calculate water consumption, so as to achieve comprehensive management of water footprint.
Factory Water Conservation Practice Reuse of reclaimed water The Meishan Factory optimized water recycling technology and management, along with the establishment of the Multi-Tank CIP System, which can recycle reclaimed water into water tanks for flushing and reuse, saving approximately 60 tonnes of water per day.
Optimize water treatment equipment Optimizing the water treatment equipment by adjusting the time interval for backward flushing, saving approximately 30 tonnes of water per backward flush.
Implementation of the tube hardness control by softener Baotou and Gaoke Factories replaced the manual water output control management mode with controlling the hardness of the main tube, resulting in a reduction of resin tank cleaning frequency, achieving a reduction of 43 thousand tonnes per year in water discharge.
The amount of water saved is approximately 6, 000 tonnes per year for Gaoke Factory, 10, 000 tonnes per year for the third Horinger factory and 3, 000 tonnes per year for Baotou Factory.
Replacement of air-conditioning ice water with tap water Chabei Factory replaced air-conditioning ice water with tap water in its air-condition renovation project to reduce ice water consumption.
In addition, the third Horinger factory of Room Temperature Business Unit saved 57, 038 tons of water in 2023, Hengshui factory and the second Jiaozuo factory of Room Temperature Business Unit are in the process of constructing the AWS water management system to continuously improve the level of water resources management.
AWS8 Water Management CertificationRoom Temperature Business Unit Pasture Water Conservation Practice Mengniu actively promotes intelligent water and electricity management projects in pastures.
During the year, 64 water-saving projects were successfully implemented, covering 12 of cooperative pastures and saving a total of 2. 8 million tonnes of water per year.
Mengniu promoted the adoption of intelligent wastewater reuse systems in pastures, which are capable of effectively purifying and recycling wastewater for ground cleaning and plant irrigation, saving more than 450 thousand tonnes of water annually.
Mengniu guided certain cooperative pastures located in water-scarce areas with severe local soil erosion, aiming to reduce their reliance on wells.
Mengniu further coordinated with local government and water companies to provide water for breeding, so as to avoid damage to the local ecology caused by overdrawing of water.
The organization uses and promotes frameworks for sustainable water use and certifies and rewards good water management performance.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Wastewater and Waste Management Mengniu regarded wastewater and waste management as an important environmental action, strictly complied with the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste and the Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage and other environmental regulatory requirements, and formulated the Wastewater Pollutant Management Procedures and Solid Waste Management Procedures to provide guidelines for the Group s wastewater and wastes disposal in compliance.
Wastewater Management Waste Management The solid waste at Mengniu is strictly classifie, with a comprehensive categorization of different types of waste discharge and the establishment of a management list for the entire process of waste discharge.
General waste and hazardous waste are handled by qualified disposers.
In 2023, all factories of the Group had signed waste disposal contracts and conduct whole-process monitoring and management of the treatment and disposal process to ensure compliant disposal.
During the year, 100 of the Group s wastewater treatment plants have achieved compliance with pollutant discharge standard In 2023, the Ice Cream Product Business Unit carried out the renovation of wastewater pipe network and the rainwater and wastewater diversion pipe network to improve wastewater management.
Mewngniu is committed to advocating the certification of zero- waste management system.
In 2023, Mengniu s, Gaoke Factory, Qingyuan Factory, Shangzhi Factory and 2 Meishan Factory, totaling five factories, were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system.
Mengniu actively engages in the construction of zero-waste factory to reduce the environmental pollution of solid waste through source reduction, process control and end treatment.
In 2023, 9 factories were recognized as Zero-waste Factory demonstration units.
This activity adhered to the principles of source reduction, reuse and recycling, and incorporates the concept of Zero-waste into employees behaviors from the perspectives of sustainable office environment, low-carbon public operations, and green work and lifestyle, so as to advocate a low-carbon office and lifestyle.
During the activity, we also organized interactive games such as garbage sorting and sustainable development knowledge questions and answers to improve employees awareness of sustainable development.
In 2023, the Group promoted the adoption of low-temperature drying technology for sludge drying in 2 Room Temperature Business Unit s plants in Bameng and Suqian.
This project effectively reduces sludge disposal in wastewater treatment plants by over 80 achieves an annual cost savings of 85.
In accordance with the requirements of Shanghai Sponge City Planning and Construction Management Measures, Mengniu s Milkground has built a sponge city rainwater system for the Shanghai Intelligent Featured Cheese Production and Processing Project.
The system is capable of managing runoff, mitigating non-point source pollution, and facilitating the utilization of rainwater resources in order to minimize the impact of project development on the regional water environment.
The rainwater purified by the system complies with the water quality requirements specified in the Engineering Technical Specification for Rain Utilization in Building and Apartment Complexes, making it suitable for green irrigation and cleaning purposes within the factory premises.
Pipe Network RenovationZero-waste Management System Zero-waste Factory Zero-waste Day Theme Activity Mengniu LIFE Boot Market Thematic Activity Optimizing Wastewater Treatment Process Sponge City Project5 factories were awarded the 3-star certification of zero-waste management system 9 units recognized as Zero-waste Factory demonstration units Food Loss and Waste Reduction Mengniu actively reduces food loss and waste.
Mengniu take reducing milk wastage as an important part of its production management.
In addition, we optimized the handling of finished products to avoid food waste due to product disposal.
Throughout the year, Mengniu optimized the online pollutant monitoring system by enhancing the clarity of the abnormal data reporting process and the disposal plan to ensure that the pollutant discharge is in line with the standard.
On this basis, Mengniu continued to refine its wastewater management, and carried out various initiatives, including the pipe network renovation, to reduce environmental pollution.
During the year, all of the Group s wastewater treatment plants have achieved compliance with pollutant discharge standard.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero In response to the national call to reduce food waste, Mengniu participated in the Join Action to Reduce Food Waste project initiated by the China Chain Store and Franchise Association and Walmart China, and became one of the pioneering member of the project.
June Environment Day Mengniu actively shoulders its corporate responsibility and continues to play a leading role in the industry by advocating for food waste reduction and contributing to the establishment of a resource-saving society.
In 2023, the consolidated milk loss rate of the Room Temperature Business Unit witnessed a decline of 0. 013 compared to 2022.
Recycle Mengniu integrates the concept of recycle into the whole lifecycle of packaging research and development, design, application and disposal, and continues to reduce the environmental impact of packaging waste.
Green Packaging Design Under the concept of circular economy, Mengniu has developed the 4R1D packaging strategy (Reduce - Reducing packaging materials usage; Recycle - Promoting recycling; Reuse - Using reusable design; Renew - Applying renewable materials; Degradable - Using degradable materials) around the goals of governing environmental pollution, protecting the Earth s resources and achieving net-zero emissions.
Mengniu s Milk Deluxe optimizes and changes packaging box type of e-commerce channels, reduces the use of gaskets and circulation boxes to make the products fit more closely with their outer boxes, improving the anti-pressure performance of packaging boxes while decreasing the costs of packaging accessories.
This initiative is expected to reduce annual paper consumption by 16, 588 tonnes, which is equivalent to reducing cutting down 45, 446 20-year-old trees per year.
The 4R1D Packaging StrategyReduce - Reducing packaging materials usage Recycle - Promoting recycling Renew - Applying renewable materialsReuse - Using reusable design Degradable - Using degradable materials
79 80 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Recycle Promoting Recycling Reuse Using Reusable DesignPackaging recycling is an important issue for Mengniu and all consumer goods industries in practicing environmental protection.
Mengniu's various products on the market are packaged in recyclable materials, including PET and paper-based packaging.
Mengniu uses polypropylene (PP) as raw materials for recycled boxes packaging to realize the greening, minimization and recycling of the recycled boxes.
Through this program, Mengniu pulls upstream suppliers, factories, recycled container service providers, trunk logistics providers, distributors, urban distribution logistics providers, merchants and stores to explore and apply circular economy together.
Mengniu's Chilled Product, Room Temperature, Fresh Milk and other business units have applied PP recycled boxes to a variety of product lines, with an annual usage of approximately 740, 000 boxes, significantly reducing the amount of cardboard boxes used.
In 2023, Mengniu's PP recycled boxes project was awarded the Carbon Footprint Certificate and shortlisted for the British Chamber of Commerce Shanghai's circular economy excellence case.
Mengniu s Yoyi C Zero Sucrose Active Probiotic Beverage uses rPETG recycling and shrinkage labels, with the addition of 30 recyclable PET, reducing virgin plastic by 7. 6 tonnes, and reducing GHG emission by 11.
Renew Applying Renewable Materials Degradable Using Degradable Materials Mengniu is committed to using renewable resources in packaging such as paper, bamboo fiber, plant-based plastics, to reduce the use of petroleum-based plastics and reliance on fossil resources.
Mengniu uses degradable materials for packaging components such as straws and spoons, which are easy to scatter and difficult to recycle, to lower the cost of material disposal and achieve dual improvements in environmental protection and economic benefits.
Desert Organic Pure Milk of Mengniu s Milk Deluxe brand adopts plant-based cap, and the paper-based bottle body does not contain a bleach-coated layer, which is approximately 3 lighter than packages made from normal packaging materials, and 8 lower carbon footprint compared to similar packages.
In 2023, this packaging was awarded the M. Success China Packaging Innovation & Sustainable Development Award.
In 2023, this packaging was awarded the M. Success China Packaging Innovation & Sustainable Development Award.
Mengniu has developed PLA9 PBS10 straws which exhibit no significant difference in performance and quality compared to conventional PP straws within a 6-month shelf-life, meeting the compliance and key performance standard requirements.
Mengniu s, Little Shiny Meadow 450ml, is designed with an innovative bottle structure that reduces the original PET bottle weight from 36g to 32g, which reduces packaging cost and enhances the bottle's anti-negative pressure performance, as well as increases the fun of the design, forming a significant difference from similar products in the market.
Mengniu s, Fruit Milk Drink uses new polymer barrier materials to replace the aluminum foil layer in Combi packs, reducing the amount of metal used in packaging and 30 reduction in GHG emissions.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Environment-Carbon Net-Zero Industry Recognition and Cooperation Mengniu enhances industry communication and cooperation, actively participates in the formulation and revision of national and industry standards related to packaging, and conducts sustainable product packaging certification to ensure the compliance with diverse standards.
Mengniu cooperates with the national supervision and management requirements, utilizes the resources and platforms of associations, societies, chambers of commerce and other groups, to actively expresses opinions and provide professional support, promoting the improvement of the industry s professional level.
In 2023, Mengniu participated in the formulation and revision of more than 20 national mandatory standards, including the General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food, General Standard for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food Nutrition and General technical requirements of blow mould for lightweight PET bottle.
The Gold Design Rules is a set of product packaging design principle introduced by CGF11 to accelerate the process of using less plastic, better plastic, remove the disadvantages of plastics in the recycling process, and to realize the plastics circular economy.
In 2023, CGF released the Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, and four products were selected, including Shiny Meadow Fresh Milk series, Future Star Miaodiandian Milk Beverage 180ml, becoming the pioneering demonstration of carbon- reducing and environmentally-friendly packaging.
In 2020, under the leadership of the Green Recycled Plastics Supply Chain Joint Working Group, as a representative of the dairy industry, Mengniu participated in the formulation of the General Rules for Assessing Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to Recycle Designs of Plastic Products, which fills the gap of the standards for the easy-to-collect and easy-to-recycle design of plastic products in China.
In 2023, the packaging of Mengniu s Fruit Milk Drink and Yoyi C has been awarded the Easy-to-Collect and Easy-to-Recycle certifications (Double-E certification) by T V Rheinland.
Double- E Certification Mengniu's Product Packaging s' Design Included in CGF Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets Recognition T V, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks.
Utilisation and application requires prior approval.
T CRRA 0302-2020 DE-032-0008023-01 PET 2022-12-15 2027-12-14 2023-03-01 15 4 3 301 12 1203, 100176 Recycling Practices In addition to packaging design, Mengniu continues to optimize packaging recycling management and carry out packaging recycling practices.
Mengniu adds recycling labels to different categories of packaging to help consumers categorize waste and promote package recycling.
This project is dedicated to recycling milk tetra packs and reprocessing them into reusable stuffs and materials, such as trash bins, paper, building boards.
The recyclable bins are currently introduced in 34 factories to encourage employees to sort their waste, promote recycling and reduce overall waste production within the factories.
Recyclable Bin Project Mengniu uses recycled plastic bottles to make scarves, and incorporates Mengniu's GREEN sustainability culture elements into the scarves to convey Mengniu's green sustainability concept.
Golden Design Rules Case Study Booklets, Please scan the QR code, follow us on WeChat 324 Main Street PO Box 1353 Laurel, MD 20725 USA Our O ces
Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable SDGs We Focused in this Section Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity ConservationMengniu insists on practicing the concept of sustainable development together with upstream and downstream partners in the supply chain.
While jointly creating commercial value, Mengniu promotes the development path of economic benefits, social benefits, and environmental benefits.
Under the Ecosystem- Collaborative & Accountable pillar of the GREEN strategy, Mengniu focuses on three key topics of sustainable procurement, sustainable agriculture, and biodiversity conservation, and is committed to leading upstream and downstream partners to jointly create a sustainable industrial ecosystem through a series of targeted supply chain management initiatives.
The total number of suppliers was 1, 214, including a total of 1, 199 suppliers in the Chinese mainland and 15 overseas suppliers.
The internal assessment coverage rate of raw and auxiliary material suppliers has reached 100.
All strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material have completed the Sedex SAQ questionnaire, and a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed the SMETA third party audits.
Trainings on dairy product quality culture cultivation and quality management of purchased materials have reached 100 of Mengniu's raw and auxiliary material suppliers.
A total of 26 cooperative farms have obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certification.
The impact level of heat stress on dairy cattle has decreased by 5 compared to 2022.
Silage comprehensive index has increased by 1 compared to 2022.
cooperative farms won the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs, and a total of 48 farms have been awarded this title.
All cooperative farms have implemented the resourceful utilization of manure.
All product carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper.
Through cooperation with major multinational grain merchants, COFCO International, a major supplier of soybean meal to Ai Yang Niu (aiyangniu. cn, the procurement platform used by Modern Dairy of Mengniu), has achieved traceability to farms of all directly sourced soybeans from Matopiba, the major soybean production region in Brazil.
Modern Dairy and China Shengmu of Mengniu, have reached agreements on intended orders of approximately 50, 000 tonnes and 12, 000 tonnes of zero deforestation soybeans with COFCO International, respectively, requiring that the soybeans purchased must comply with the zero deforestation criteria set by Mengniu and COFCO International.
The proportion of palm oil procured by the Group during the year that was traceable to refineries, palm oil mills and plantations was 100, 80 and 73 respectively.
Highlights in 2023 Sustainable Procurement Sustainable Agriculture Biodiversity Conservation
85 86 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Procurement Supply Chain Responsibility ManagementMengniu takes building a responsible supply chain as an important development concept, continuously extends the influence and coverage of the Group's sustainable procurement standards in the upstream and downstream supply chains and is committed to driving the sustainable development of the whole industry.
Mengniu joined the Sedex12 responsible business platform, practiced the concept of leading responsible procurement to create an environmentally friendly and socially responsible supply chain jointly with upstream and downstream partners Mengniu adheres to the procurement principles of open, fair, equitable, and integrity and continuously strengthens the construction of the supplier responsibility management system.
The total number of Mengniu's suppliers was 1, 214As of December 31, 2023 Including a total of 1, 199 suppliers in the Chinese mainlandOverseas suppliers 15The Supplier Code of Conduct covers the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights Implementing the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy Framework, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the Core Conventions of the International Labor Organization and other international standards and criteria.
Supplier Code of Conduct Supplier Management Requirement Management system Free-chosen employment relationship Working hours Prohibition of discrimination Formal employment Prohibition of harsh or inhumane treatment Right to work Environmental management Business ethics Respect for the freedom of association and the right of collective bargaining Safe and hygienic working conditions Child labor and underage workers Wages and benefits Major Issues in the Suppliers Code of Conduct Mengniu keeps improving the whole-process management mechanism of suppliers.
The results of this evaluation serve as the primary basis for supplier performance grading, daily evaluation, as well as quality improvement and enhancement.
The performance evaluation is conducted once a year.
Admission regulations Daily evaluationFile managementOn-site assessment Quality auditVerification upon arrivalSelection of suppliers Targeted improvementAll new suppliers are required to complete a supplier access assessment prior to collaboration.
In addition, we require suppliers to have at least one quality management system certification at the time of admission, such as ISO 9001 and ISO 22000.
During cooperation, we set up annual supplier assessment plan and carry out targeted quality inspection based on the quality risk level of suppliers.
In accordance with supplier management rules, we have established specialized task forces for different projects to undertake targeted improvement efforts.
Quality performance evaluation Performance optimization
89 90 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Recognizing that a long-term and stable supply chain is crucial for improving business performance and stability, Mengniu is dedicated to establishing a comprehensive and dynamically adjustable ESG risk management system for its supply chain.
Supply Chain ESG Risk Management Mengniu establishes and maintains the Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain ESG Risk List and the Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form to identify key risk points within procurement activities.
This ensures the continuous effectiveness of our risk inventory.
In respect of capacity building, Mengniu continues to promote the ESG risk identification capability of the procurement management department and establishes a bottom-up risk identification and reporting mechanism.
We have dedicated procurement risk management personnel who periodically report to the Group's risk control department.
This approach enhances the resilience and flexibility of our supply chain risk strategies.
Through this process, we aim to classify suppliers based on their risk levels and sustainable development capabilities by conducting pre-screenings of supplier risks and assessing the maturity of their environmental and social management systems.
In 2023, all the Mengniu s strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material completed the SAQ, and none of the strategic suppliers suffered from termination of cooperation due to substandard evaluation results.
In addition, we keep promoting the third party SMETA15 responsible supply chain assessment.
In 2023, a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed SMETA assessment.
ESG Risk Identification ESG Risk Response ESG Risk Assessment 13 Strategic suppliers suppliers that have a significant impact on Mengniu based on the comprehensive evaluation with reference to the quantitative analysis of all suppliers' innovation ability, cost control ability, industry status and ESG management ability by purchasing management department of Mengniu.
Sedex SAQ (Self-Assessment Questionnaire) It's a supplier self-assessment questionnaire issued by the Sedex platform, which integrates the risk levels of suppliers' sustainable development and the maturity of their management systems and classifies suppliers by star-rating criteria.
SMETA (Sedex Members Ethicial Trade Audit) social responsibility supply chain audit It is a supplier audit standard adopted by the Sedex platform, which contains detailed requirements for suppliers on protection of labor rights, occupational health and safety, environment, and business ethics.
Before the risk assessment, we comprehensively consider factors such as the supplier's region and industry, category and quality of the supplied material, environmental impact, commercial stability, and social responsibility with reference to the Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form.
Through the risk factor assessment process and risk assessment model, we categorize the level of ESG risk impact posed by suppliers and their materials and formulate corresponding management and control principles and assessment items to ensure targeted ESG risk assessment is carried out.
In the risk assessment process, we conduct a variety of supplier assessment based on the supplier s category and the level of ESG risk impact posed by their materials.
For domestic suppliers, we conduct on-site assessment in accordance with the Group's assessment standards and the requirements of the Supplier Code of Conduct.
The assessment contents include, but not limited to, the inspection of suppliers' environmental assessment reports, pollution permits, the dosage of food additives in raw materials, food safety hazards in packaging materials, and child labor prevention measures.
For foreign suppliers, we conduct assessment through remote desk assessments to check their qualification information and certification status and engage external auditors to perform on-site assessment when necessary.
For suppliers of raw materials and auxiliary materials that come into direct contact with product contents, we conduct on-site sampling of materials during the supplier qualification assessment.
Before the assessment ends, we submit the samples to a third-party for indicator verification.
Conformity inspections are carried out according to national product standards, registered enterprise standards, as well as Mengniu's quality standards and only materials that pass the inspection can supply to Mengniu.
By the end of 2023, the internal assessment rate of our raw and auxiliary material suppliers reached 100.
After the risk assessment, we identify suppliers with significant ESG risks and low business stability.
If the supplier s assessment result does not meet our standards, we will offer the supplier a rectification opportunity with defined timeframe and initiate a corresponding review process.
If the supplier violates the unacceptable terms in the assessment or fails to meet Mengniu s minimum ESG requirements after rectification, we will terminate the cooperation with the supplier.
In addition, based on the ESG risk assessment results, we provide specified improvement plans to suppliers and assist them in enhancing their sustainable development capabilities through various empowerment training and support projects.
For more information on the empowerment training and support programs we provide to our suppliers, please refer to the section headed Supplier Empowerment and Support in this report.
In 2023, a total of 29 strategic suppliers completed SMETA assessmentIn 2023, all the Mengniu s strategic suppliers of raw and auxiliary material completed the SAQ, and none of the strategic suppliers suffered from termination of cooperation due to substandard evaluation resultsPrior to Assessment During AssessmentAfter Assessment
91 92 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Mengniu attaches great importance to the common development with suppliers and continues to provide specified resources and assistance for suppliers.
Each year, we organize all suppliers to participate in special training activities such as whole-lifecycle quality management, safe production management requirements, quality management of purchased materials, and quality culture cultivation.
Special Training for Suppliers Special Trainings for Procurement Management PersonnelWe conducted training on Mengniu quality culture and quality management of purchased materials.
The training coverage rate for Mengniu s suppliers of raw and auxiliary material reached 100.
We conducted special training activities on microbial management of raw materials and foreign matter control.
The training coverage rate for Mengniu s suppliers of specific categories reached 100.
We conducted 115 ESG management training and empowerment projects covering raw milk quality control, farm environmental impact management, animal welfare and other topics.
The training coverage rate for Mengniu s raw milk suppliers reached 100.
Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Raw Milk Supplier ManagementMengniu regards promoting anti-corruption work in the supply chain as an important way to ensure the compliance and operation of the Group.
By implementing an institutionalized management model, we realize a closed-loop management of the entire compliance process and procedures for suppliers' cooperation throughout all stages before, during, and after collaboration, effectively preventing and mitigating the risks of corruption in the supply chain.
Mengniu strictly prohibits all forms of bribery and corruption and conducts annual anti-corruption supervision and audits of suppliers to verify their integrity and compliance.
By the end of 2023, all suppliers of Mengniu have signed the Sunshine Agreement.
Meanwhile, Mengniu continuously reinforces the promotion of its anti-corruption and compliance culture, urges suppliers to adhere to the anti-corruption and compliance requirements for Mengniu's business partners, to promote the construction of a compliant supply chain, while elevating the level of compliant operations within the dairy industry.
For the supplier who violates the principle of integrity and the terms of the Sunshine Agreement, or causes significant economic, brand, reputation, or other losses to Mengniu, we will terminate the cooperation and add the supplier to blacklist.
Among these, suppliers blacklisted due to violations of the Sunshine Agreement will be permanently banned, while other blacklisted suppliers will be banned for five years.
In addition, Mengniu continuously set up channels for reporting and complaining about supplier integrity issues.
Relying on the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy, Mengniu assists farms in establishing their quality and safety system.
Further, the management dimensions cover 12 subdivided management modules, such as primary selection and on-boarding of farms, dairy cattle feeding management, dairy cattle health management, raw milk production management, storage and refrigeration management, and quality supervision of farm inputs.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu s all newly admitted farms have implemented the management requirements specified in the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy.
Additionally, we have formulated the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Milk Source Farms of Mengniu, strictly regulating the standardized operating procedures of the farm, covering various processes such as farm design, disease prevention and control, reproduction and breeding, forage management, herd management and milk parlor management.
By the end of 2023, we have conducted quality assessments on a total of 254 cooperative farms and promptly resolved any issues exposed during the assessments through on-site guidance and process validation, effectively improving the quality of raw milk supply.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu s all newly admitted farms have implemented the management requirements specified in the Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management PolicyBy the end of 2023, we have conducted quality assessments on a total of 254 cooperative farms
93 94 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Sustainable Agriculture Animal WelfareMengniu is committed to promoting the development of ecological circular agriculture in upstream farms and promoting the green and low-carbon development of farms.
In 2023, a total of 26 cooperative farms of Mengniu obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certification.
Mengniu regards ensuring the welfare of farm animals as an important part of developing sustainable agriculture.
Our objective is to collaborate with our cooperative farms to continually enhance the welfare standards for dairy cows.
A total of 26 cooperative farms of Mengniu obtained China Good Agricultural Practice (China GAP) certificationIn 2023 Mengniu aspires to collaborate with its farm partners in actively promoting the effective experiences of the Five Welfares, eradicating practices that violate the Five Freedoms, and continuously improve animal welfare.
We have formulated the Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattle in Farm as the core standard for building an animal welfare system and guiding farms to improve animal welfare levels.
Meanwhile, Mengniu participates in the compilation of animal welfare-related group standards such as Farm Animal Welfare Requirements- Dairy Cows, Regulations for Quality and Production of Whole Corn Silage and Heat Stress Prevention and Control Standard for Dairy Cattle, facilitating the implementation of 6 SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures), including milk hall management, calf rearing, nutritional management, breeding management, veterinary care, and equipment management.
Promotion of Animal Welfare StandardsMengniu and farms advocate and abide by the internationally recognized Five Freedoms of animal welfare Mengniu and its farms strive to ensure that animals in the supply chain receive the Five Welfares Freedom from hunger and thirst Freedom to live comfortablyFreedom from pain, injury, and illness Freedom to express its natureFreedom to live without fear and sadnessFive Freedoms Five Welfares Ensuring that cows at different physiological stages are provided with the necessary food and water to maintain good health and energy.
Ensuring that cows are not subject to additional pain, monitoring their health status, preventing diseases, and treating for sick cows in a timely manner.
Physiological welfare Environment welfare Health welfare Behavioral welfare Psychological welfare
95 96 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Promote the standard operating procedures for perinatal health care of dairy cows in farms, covering 80 of our farms The impact level of heat stress on cows has decreased by 5 compared to 2022Carry out comfort improvement project for dairy cows among socialized farms, covering more than 60 of our farms Silage comprehensive index17 has increased by 1 compared to 2022In 2023, the animal welfare level of Mengniu cooperative farms continued to improve, with notable enhancements in the following indicators Mengniu provides guidance on animal welfare protection in cooperative farms, organizes annual animal welfare related trainings, and ensures that the trainings cover Mengniu s employees, cooperative farms, and herdsmen.
Mengniu focuses on the principle of Reduced Use and No Antibiotics for veterinary drug control and carries out the Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs Reduction Action for cooperative farms.
All veterinarians in the farms are required to strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations on veterinary drug control and sign the Quality and Safety Assurance Commitment.
Focusing on the themes of standardized use, dynamic testing, disease reduction, reduction and strong empowerment, we have implemented a series of animal drug control measures to guide the scientific and compliant use of drugs in farms.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu has guided and facilitated 26 cooperative farms to receive the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs, with a total of 48 farms have been awarded this title.
Management of Veterinary Drug Use 16 Silage comprehensive index refers to the comprehensive quality score of silage obtained through the silage comprehensive evaluation system, taking into account the scoring items such as process quality, physical sensory, nutritional composition and health index risk of the whole corn silage production process.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu has guided and facilitated 26 cooperative farms to receive the title of National Demonstration Farm for Reduction in the Use of Veterinary Antimicrobial Drugs With a total of 48 farms have been awarded this titleAll veterinary drugs purchased must be compliant veterinary drugs and subject to registration before being put in storage.
Dosed cattle must be marked differently and quarantined separately, and the withdrawal period for milk must be practiced in strict accordance with the instructions for veterinary drugs, and testing for veterinary drug residues must be carried out at the end of the withdrawal period.
Farms are required to establish a comprehensive list of veterinary drugs moved in and out of storage, to store veterinary drugs by category, and assign dedicated roles to manage them.
Three Principles of Veterinary Drug Management Five Measures for Veterinary Medicine ManagementRegulate the use of other types of veterinary drugs and ensure that the use is in strict compliance with the product labels and instructions in terms of the scope of animals, indications, usage and dosage, withdrawal period, etc.
Meanwhile, Mengniu conducts annual trainings on the proper use of veterinary drugs, aiming to guide the scientific and standardized use of veterinary drugs on farms and strengthen the management of both veterinary drugs and other chemicals.
The trainings cover laws and regulations related to veterinary drugs, the safe use of veterinary drugs, the management of dosed cattle, the detection and identification of risky veterinary drugs, and other related content.
In 2023, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugs, covering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners.
In 2023, we have conducted more than 300 training sessions on veterinary drugsCovering more than 5, 000 farm owners and practitioners
97 98 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Regenerative Agriculture Management Mengniu explores and practices renewable agriculture from two aspects strengthening farm environmental management and promoting the recycling of natural resources on farms.
Mengniu requires the cooperative farms to strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations on farm environmental protection.
In addition, we advocate for cooperative farms to establish a tailored base management system that incorporates environmental factors, with the aim of continuously strengthening the management of pollutants such as wastewater, waste gas, noise, and solid waste generated on the farms, ultimately minimizing the negative environmental impact of the raw milk production process.
Furthermore, we actively promoted local feed procurement projects, giving priority to locally sourced feed such as corn kernels, silage, and corn stalks from the surrounding areas of the farms.
Mengniu actively responds to China s 14th Five-Year Plan, continues to promote the utilization of farm manure resources, and strives to achieve a virtuous ecological cycle within the farm.
In 2023, all cooperative farms of Mengniu have implemented the utilization of manure resources, which can be used as bedding materials for cows, solid or liquid organic fertilizers, biomass fuels, biogas production, aquaculture feed, etc.
Strengthen Farm Environmental Management Resourceful Utilization of ManureChina Shengmu of Mengniu fully leverages the industrial advantages of Integrating Seeding and Breeding to optimize resource allocation.
It recycles manure generated during the cattle breeding process to achieve a harmonious coexistence with nature.
Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously optimizes its manure management model and constructs a green industrial chain featuring a Planting and Breeding Cycle.
This cycle consists of five key steps Feed planting - Dairy farming - Manure treatment - Manure return to the farmland (Biogas power generation) - Feed planting.
Relying on the Planting and Breeding Cycle model, Modern Dairy further explores the potential for resource utilization of biogas fertilizer.
The remaining residue from biogas power generation and biogas slurry are returned to the field.
Large field crops such as corn and wheat are planted in the surrounding areas of the farms, as well as economic crops such as tea and fruits, forming a circular organic agriculture planting path from biogas fertilizer to six types of forage, fruits and vegetables, and grains.
Meanwhile, Modern Dairy and Central Southern China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd. of China Power Engineering Consulting Group jointly launched the RNG (Renewable Natural Gas) cogeneration project.
This project generates electricity from manure and utilizes renewable energy sources like solar and wind power to replace conventional fossil fuels.
This approach offers clean, safe, and cost-effective electricity for the farms, realizing the complementary strengths of various resources.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity Conservation Mengniu has always adhered to the biodiversity conservation vision of From the Nature for the Future and insist the sustainable utilization of ecological resources.
In 2023, we focused on the promotion and application of the Forest Protection Policy in suppliers and partner farms to reduce supply chain deforestation and forest degradation risks through two main directions, namely, controlling commodities with deforestation risk and the co-construction of forest protection in the industry.
Mengniu combed through the deforestation risks in the supply chain and identified timber products, soybean products and palm oil as the main driving factors that may cause deforestation risk in the value chain.
In 2023, we partnered with the Earthworm Foundation21 on the topic of sustainable palm oil procurement, bringing in external expertise and digital analytics initiatives to comprehensively assess the deforestation risks of our palm oil procurement, and developing a feasible pathway to achieve the goal of zero deforestation for palm oil procurement.
Commodity Control of Deforestation Risk 18 The Rainforest Alliance of World Economic Forum (WEF) It is an international rainforest conservation organization that advances the sustainable management of rainforests and the development of communities around forests by promoting cooperation between businesses and governments.
Members of the Working Group are committed to sourcing and using the sustainable sources of timber, palm oil, and other forest commodities.
RSPO (Roundtable of Sustainable Palm Oil) It is an international organization consisting of palm oil producers, traders, consumers and environmental protection organizations, with the aim of maintaining the sustainability of palm tree (oil palm) cultivation, processing and trade links, and progressively achieving the sustainable development of palm oil products.
Earthworm Foundation It is an international, non-profit, non-governmental organization that helps companies obtain professional guidance and support on sustainable sourcing, production, and supply chain management by developing targeted solutions to the risk of deforestation.
FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) It is an international management organization for forest sustainable development that encourages companies to implement sustainable forest management models by certifying forest management and timber products, so as to protect biodiversity and the rights of the communities where forests locate.
PEFC (Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification) It is an international non-profit, non-governmental organization that strives for sustainable forest management through independent third-party forest certification.
Paper is a packaging material used extensively by Mengniu.
In 2023, 89. 1 of the virgin paper we purchased for inner packaging has obtained the FSC certification, an increase of 7. 1 compared to 2022.
Meanwhile, all the carton boxes for external packaging were made from recycled paper.
Timber ProductsVision From the Nature for the Future Striving to reduce threats to biodiversitySustainably using biodiversity resourcesBuilding consensus on biodiversity To implement ecological conservation and preservation of milk source areasTo practice environment-friendly green productionTo promote the whole industrial chain to move towards carbon neutralityTo develop sustainable planting and breedingFive actionsThree methods Eight commitmentsTo reach a consensus on biodiversity among relevant parties Take positive actions to promote ecosystem restoration of cooperative farms All operation sites are conserved ecologically in an effective and equal manner Reduce pollution from various sources such as wastewater, waste gas and waste residue Actively respond to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissionsSustainably utilize biodiversity and promote productivity enhancement in farming and animal husbandry Create a sustainable dairy supply chain and reduce upstream biodiversity risks Advocate consumers to buy green products and reduce food waste Strengthen public awareness of biodiversity conservation together with stakeholders
101 102 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable We have joined the World Economic Forum's 1t.
org China Action initiative, aiming to help restore, protect and plant one trillion trees globally, thereby making Mengniu's contribution to the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration (2021-2030).
By the end of 2023, relying on the desert control project carried out in Ulan Buh Desert in the past, China Shengmu of Mengniu has planted more than 98 million plants adapted to sandy soils.
China Modern Dairy of Mengniu continuously explores effective forest ecological protection measures, planting trees suitable for local climate and soil conditions on unused land within its farms.
This achieves an annual carbon sequestration capacity of approximately 2, 600 tonnes, thereby actively contributing to preserving the ecological environment around the farms and creating forest-friendly, low-carbon farms.
In 2023, Mengniu officially launched the Mengniu FoRest environmental protection program to actively response to the national policies on making ecological progress, undertake corporate environmental responsibilities, and promote the forest positive strategy.
In corporation with NBA and China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), Mengniu planted trees to record and commemorate the wonderful moments of sports and space explorations, thus making valuable contributions to promoting the forest restoration and protection, regional biodiversity, and desertification control.
Co-Construction of Forest Conservation in the Industry China Shengmu of Mengniu has planted more than 98 million plantsThe upstream farms of Mengniu use soybean meal25 as cattle feed.
In 2023, soybean meal purchases accounted for approximately 7 of the total feed purchased by Mengniu's cooperative farms.
In addition, through cooperation with major multinational grain merchants, COFCO International, a major supplier of soybean meal to Ai Yang Niu (aiyangniu. cn, the procurement platform used by Modern Dairy of Mengniu), has achieved traceability to farms of all directly sourced soybeans from Matopiba, the major soybean production region in Brazil.
Part of Mengniu's products use palm oil as a raw material for production.
In 2023, Mengniu's revenue from products with palm oil accounted for approximately 1 of the Group's annual revenue.
In our efforts to increase the traceability of palm oil, we have collaborated with the Earthworm Foundation to undertake traceability enhancement project on the origin of palm oil purchased for Mengniu's main business operations in mainland China.
In 2023, we identified that the palm oil we procured originated from Malaysia and Indonesia.
Specifically, 100 of the palm oil can be traced back to the refinery, 80 to the palm oil mill, and 73 to the plantation.
In terms of purchasing certified palm oil, we aim to mitigate the risk of deforestation by sourcing RSPO- certified palm oil.
In 2023, we purchased 200 tons of RSPO-certified palm oil.
Soybean Products Palm Oil Mengniu, together with Modern Dairy and China Shengmu, jointly formulated the Soybean - Zero Deforestation Joint Action Plan for Dairy Industry Chain.
The plan aims to contribute to the achievement of our zero deforestation goal in 2030 through a series of measures, including the development of a zero deforestation target and pathway planning, the implementation of a soybean reduction and substitution strategy, the promotion of the zero deforestation soybean procurement principle, the priority procurement of soybeans from low-risk regions, and the procurement of certified soybeans.
In 2023, Modern Dairy and China Shengmu of Mengniu, have reached agreements on intended orders of approximately 50, 000 tonnes and 12, 000 tonnes of zero deforestation soybeans with COFCO International, respectively.
Additionally, a third-party verification report must be provided, guaranteeing that there has been no deforestation in the soybean production areas since December 31, 2020.
As the first 'zero-deforestation' soybean order in China's dairy industry, this partnership serves as a powerful advocate for sustainable bulk agricultural trade practices.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable Biodiversity Conservation Practices Mengniu attaches great importance to biodiversity conservation along the value chain, and actively responds to the concepts and development goals specified in the white paper Biodiversity Conservation in China, explores the path of biodiversity conservation, gives full play to the influence of the brand, assumes more corporate social responsibility, and actively practices the biodiversity conservation strategy.
Through the combination of reality show and documentary, it explored in depth the representative regions such as Hoh Xil in Qinghai, Ulan Buh in Inner Mongolia, and Houhai Village in Hainan, and guided the audience to pay attention to the status quo of wildlife protection and biodiversity challenges in seven different ecological environments, including plateau, grassland, desert, ocean, and city.
The program not only allow the audience to immerse themselves in the ongoing ecological and environmental events, but also lead them to understand and pay attention to biodiversity conservation and contribute to building a better ecological environment on the earth.
The goal was to maintain clean riverbanks by promptly cleaning up and sorting through garbage such as plastic bags, food packaging boxes, and other debris scattered along the riverside.
Through this event, we aim to promote and showcase Mengniu's commitment to ecological and environmental protection while encouraging more participants to engage in the public welfare undertaking of ecological and environmental protection.
The project collected ecological conservation-related cases from 106 nature schools 26, summarizing and demonstrating the experiences and practices of past schools in areas such as climate change response, biodiversity conservation and rural revitalization, and promoting the theoretical exploration and practical development of ecological and environmental education.
Milk Deluxe's Milk Deluxe All the Way Forward Ecological and Environmental Protection Column Clean Beaches Campaign on 5 June, the Environment Day Nature Education Ecological Conservation Case Collection 26 Nature school refers to an ecological and environmental protection pilot school with one classroom, one team of environmental protection teachers, and one set of environmental protection courses to help young people and the public understand the importance of the ecological environment, learn the knowledge and skills of ecological environmental protection, and cultivate their awareness and action to actively participate in ecological environmental protection.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Ecosystem-Collaborative & Accountable
Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Released the Mengniu Nutrition and Health Policy, which is committed to strengthening management transparency while advocating industry partners to jointly focus on public nutrition and health issues.
Self-developed human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) received approval from the National Health Commission of the People s Republic of China, making Mengniu the only Chinese company to receive the first batch of approvals.
laboratories have obtained CNAS certification and 24 laboratories have certified by ISO IEC 17025 2018, and have the test ability of 1, 561 items.
Nine categories of products were certified by the EU food standards.
A total of 7 trainings were held to continuously strengthen the promotion of responsible marketing.
Highlights in 2023 Excellent Quality Good ServicesNutrition and Health SDGs We Focused in this Section Mengniu is committed to providing consumers around the world with nutritious and delicious dairy products of excellent quality, conveying the concept of nutrition and health to the public and popularizing nutritious and healthy living.
Guided by the GREEN strategy, the three issues including nutrition and health, excellent quality and good services are set to cater for the various health needs, to continuously guarantee and improve product quality, provide better service and lead a better life.
The Group has launched a wide range of innovative products such as organic, reduced sugar, low sodium, low fat, reduced artificial ingredients, nutrient-fortified and products in smaller size to meet the growing and diversified consumer demand for high quality products.
Notes Low-sodium and low-fat products are products classified according to GB 28050-2011 National Standard on Food Safety National Label Standards for Pre-packaged Food.
Organic products are products certified as organic products in China, according to GB T 19630 Organic Products Requirements for Production, Processing, Labeling and Management System.
Fortified nutrient products are products classified according to GB 14880-2012 National Food Safety Standard for the Use of Nutritional Fortification Substances in Foods.
Healthy ProductsNutrition and Health Mengniu actively responded to the Healthy China 2030 Blueprint and formulated a series of nutrition and health-related policies, to systematically promote the nutrition and health work of the Group.
Revenue Share of Nutrition and Health Products in 2023 Low-fat products Around 10 Products with low or no artificially added ingredients More than 90 Fortified nutrient products More than 5 Products with no artificially added sugar or reduced sugar addition More than 65 Low-sodium products More than 65 Organic products Around 8 Products in smaller size Around 14 In 2023, Mengniu developed a Nutrient Profiling Model covering all product categories, i. e. Mengniu Product Nutrition Standard, which considers national healthy dietary needs, synthesizes domestic and international nutrition and health policies and trends, and is based on the latest research results in the fields of nutritional sciences and public health, to provide measurable and scientific assessment guidelines for product innovation, research and development, improvement and upgrading.
We analyzed the dietary nutritional intake data of Chinese people over 3 years of age and considered the nutritional attributes, processing technology, sensory and other aspects of each product category, focused on the key nutrition and health indicators of different populations, to formulate the Standard The Standard, as an important cornerstone for upgrading the nutrition and health attributes of Mengniu s products, provides the direction and goal of upgrading the nutritional quality of the products, and facilitates the continuous optimization and innovation of the business.
In the future, Mengniu will continually optimize and upgrade the Standards based on research progress in the field of nutrition and health, and continually innovate its products scientifically, to provide consumers with better dietary choices.
Mengniu Nutrient Profiling Model Covering categories such as pure fresh milk, modulated milk, fermented milk, modulated milk powder, cheese and processed cheese, beverages, cereals and their products.
Developing guidelines on portion values for Mengniu's products, to provide scientific guidance on product development and marketing, and to help consumers establish a good dietary pattern.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive
109 110 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Milk Powder Ice Cream Liquid Milk Milk Deluxe Desert Organic Pure Milk Desert organic milk source Dual certifications for organic products from China and the European Union 4. 0g protein per 100ml of milk Three Calves High Calcium Soft Milk DreamCap 0 lactose, 50 more calcium added 375mg of calcium per box Vitamin D added to promote calcium absorption Xiaoxianyu Lite Fresh Milk 4. 0g of fresh milk protein per 100ml of fresh milk 60 reduction in fat contentMilk Deluxe Low-Fat Milk 60 less fat than whole milk Xinyangdao DreamCap Zero Lactose Milk Using EHT enzyme hydrolysis technology 0 Lactose, easily absorbed Just Yogurt 0 flavor, 0 pigment, 0 gelatin, 0 milk powderMengniu Lactose Free Milk 0 lactose Shiny Meadow Organic Fresh Milk Desert organic milk source 3. 6g native protein per 100ml fresh milk Champion Yogurt Contain oats and strawberries Probiotics survival rate 97 100 raw milk fermentedChampion Advanced Immunity Bottle Original Flavor The only healthcare yogurt that has been awarded as Jianzihao Selected BB-12 probiotics Helps regulate intestinal flora and enhance immunity Mengniu Reeborne Enzhi Milk Powder With GOS FOS PDX prebiotics combination, Milk fat globule membrane, lactoferrin, -lactalbumin, hydrolysed whey protein powder and DHA, AA and other multi- dimensional nutrition No added sugar and flavors Aice High Vitamin C Popsicle Enriched with vitamin CYoyi C Smooth Complex Active Probiotic Milk Beverage Self-developed, China patent probiotics Contain 50 billion active probiotics 0 fat, 0 sucrose Adds prune juice, polydextrose 2 major sources of dietary fiber Bellamy s Organic Kids Milk Powder With active lactoferrin, FOS prebiotics and -glucan 1, 300mg calcium and 50mg lactoferrin per 100g milk powder Deluxe High-protein Low-fat Coffee- flavored Ice Cream Protein content 7, fat content 3 Added Colombian freeze-dried instant coffee powderGo Chang Lactobacillus Beverage Sugar content 5, 0 fat 6 kinds of lactobacillus fermentation No added flavors, colors, preservatives, etc.
Mengniu Yourui Bone Strength Formula Milk Powder Each 100g of milk powder contains 1, 600mg of high calcium, vitamin D and CBP, with 3g CaHmb, 1. 5 times of high quality whey protein and sodium hyaluronate According to the unique nutritional supplement needs of the Chinese elderly population, scientifically matching protein, calcium, selenium, magnesium and other nutrients Mood for Green Coconut Milk Green Shasha Flavored Ice Cream Mung bean and coconut milk flavor, low sugar recipe
111 112 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive OthersSmall Portion Products Mengniu keeps on innovating products, strengthens the research and development of products in smaller packages.
Mengniu has developed multi-category capacity products in smaller packages, such as pure milk, Future Star student milk, Shengmu organic children's milk, Yoyi C yogurt drink, Just Yogurt, cheese sticks, Ice 4-pack small popsicles and milk tablets, to provide more choices for consumers.
Nutrition Education Mengniu launched the world's first model in the nutrition and health field MENGNIU.
The model applies high-quality material provided by several nutrition and health authorities for training, and has already passed 21 nutrition and health exams around the world, including the registered dietitian exam.
GPT, Mengniu released the WOW Health digital intelligence platform, which provides consumers with a series of nutrition and health knowledge, including nutritional plan development, exercise plan development, personalized nutritional advice, and nutritional meal preparation, through Mengniu s AI nutritionist, to help consumers understand healthier lifestyles, and promote consumers practice nutrition and health concepts.
Digital Intelligence Platform on Nutrition and Health Cheese and Other Dairy Products Ai Shi Chen Xi Organic Cheese Sticks World's first organic cheese stick, 51 cheese content No flavor, pigment, preservative added Triply certified organic by China, Denmark and EU Milkground Double Protein Cheese Sticks 15 cheese content Contain plant and animal proteins Reduce 50 fat Probiotic Powder Products 100 billion high-powered active probiotic per sachet Over 85 survival rate of stomach acid resistanceMilkground Organic Cheese Sticks 66 cheese content 9. 0g high quality milk protein per 100g cheese stick Native high calcium for easy absorption No added preservatives, flavors and colors Milkground Calcium-rich Cheese Sticks Up to 7 times milk calcium 51 cheese content Rich in vitamin A, vitamin D Add 5 real green grape jam Stored at room temperature M-ACTION Protein Bar 30 protein per stick 4 weights of high quality fast and slow protein matrix scientifically formulatedMengniu Low-salt Butter First self-made butter in China Boxed fresh, in line with the low-salt standard Chemical additives, preservatives and impurities free Milkground Cheese 30 cheese content 3. 0g protein per 100g of cheese Rich in vitamin A, vitamin D, dietary fiber M-ACTION Liquid Protein PRO Contain 25g of triple protein, 5g of branched chain amino acids, 14 vitamins and minerals per bottle Rich in lactogenic calcium, vitamin D and probiotics
113 114 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive During the First National Nutrition Literacy Conference, Mengniu and the Nutrition Literacy Branch of the China Association of Health Promotion and Education jointly released the Blue Book of Scientific Milk Drinking.
On the basis of scientific research on the knowledge, skills and behaviors of Chinese residents in milk drinking, it provides professional guidance for the public to drink milk scientifically, eliminates the misconceptions of Chinese people in milk drinking, and helps to improve the nutrition literacy of the nation.
Mengniu s brand, Future Star, cooperated with the Children Development and Research Center of China Youth Concern Committee to carry out the 2023 China Pre-school Education Quality Enhancement project, focusing on the theme of Balanced diet and exercise of children which provides scientific diet and exercise guidelines for Chinese children through a series of popularization activities.
Probiotics help maintain the balance of intestinal flora and are crucial for improving intestinal health.
We have continuously launched the A Journey of Probiotics Discovery project, through the recording of popular science videos and the organization of consumer interaction activities, to disseminate knowledge about Chinese probiotics strains to consumers, continuously enhancing their attention to Chinese probiotics and intestinal health.
Mengniu s M-ACTION has continually promoted special classes on sports nutrition knowledge by publishing popular science articles on its official accounts, conducting online and offline community activities, and launching live interactive courses with sports nutrition experts.
Focusing on different groups of people, such as adults and adolescents, and different periods of time before, during and after exercise, M-ACTION popularized the knowledge of scientific exercise and nutritional supplementation, and helped consumers to establish a scientific concept of sports nutrition.
Nutrition Education for Employees Carried out nutritional publicity activities around the theme of rational diet, popularizing the principle of a balanced and nutritious diet among our employees through nutrition and health lectures, nutritious food production and other forms of activities, to encourage our employees to practice the concept of nutrition and health.
Through the education of product categories, explanations of nutrition and health products, and popularization of nutritional science, we enhanced the nutrition and health knowledge of our sales staff, and conveyed scientific nutrition and health concepts to consumers.
We have continuously increased the investment in R&D to improve R&D competence.
Nutrition Research The Global Expert Think Tank consists of over 100 experts, including more than 10 academicians, from various fields such as dairy processing, nutrition and health, biotechnology, and intelligent manufacturing.
The Global R&D Innovation Center has entered into strategic cooperation with various renowned domestic and international universities and research institutions.
During the academic seminar at the World Dairy Industry Conference, Mengniu's SNDA (Synthesis, Nutrition, Digital, Artificial Intelligent) Scientist Alliance was officially established.
In 2023, the SNDA Scientist Alliance has conducted academic discussions and intensive communication on cutting-edge research and transformation topics such as functions and mechanism research on special food, new technologies and concepts of precision nutrition, biosynthesis of new material as well as probiotics and intestinal microecology.
Mengniu Nutrition Research Projects and AchievementsIn 2023, Mengniu conducted extensive research on breast milk and infant nutrition, the middle-aged and the elderly nutrition, probiotics, sports and health, and other nutritional areas.
Mengniu collaborated with external universities and research institutes to expand R&D achievements, strengthen technological innovation, and continually explore the industrialization of technological achievements.
Maternal and infant cohort research Research on the effects of early life (Peri-Conception) exposures on pregnancy outcome and or on filial generation in the short or long term (to adulthood).
HMOs It is the third largest solid component in breast milk behind lactose and fat, and plays an important role in promoting immune regulation, cognitive enhancement and intestinal stability of infants.
Research on Breast Milk and Infant Nutrition The Middle- Aged and the Elderly Nutrition Research Mengniu took the lead in establishing an independent large-scale maternal and infant cohort study27 in China, which has made significant scientific and technological advancements.
In 2023, Mengniu released the White Paper on Mengniu Breast Milk Study, outlining its progress in China's breast milk study and future research directions.
Since 2016, Mengniu has collaborated with various domestic and international universities and research institutes to conduct extensive research on the composition of human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs)28 with the aim of assisting the milk powder industry in achieving the localization of key fortification ingredients.
In 2023, our self-developed HMOs received approval from the National Health Commission of the People s Republic of China, making Mengniu the only Chinese company to receive the first batch of approvals.
Under the support of National Key R&D Program of the 14th Five-Year Plan, Mengniu's Reeborne brand, in cooperation with Jiangnan University and other institutions, has completed the Key Technologies of the Enzymatic Synthesis of Structured Lipids MLCT and New OPO and Its Application in Infant Powder Formula.
This achievement has passed the appraisal of the expert committee, which is helpful for the nutrient absorption and growth of infants, and has been recognized by academicians and experts from the Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology.
In cooperation with the School of Public Health of Tsinghua University, we conducted a research project on the impact of the organic diet on infant health in early life.
In cooperation with Sun Yat-sen University, we published a white paper titled The Health Status of the Middle-aged and the Elderly in China and Specialized Nutritional Solutions, which provides an accurate analysis of the nutrition and health issues faced by the middle-aged and the elderly.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Probiotics Research Sports Nutrition Research Product Research In collaboration with COFCO Nutrition and Health Research Institute and other research institutes, we have completed the project of the Key Technology Development and Application on Manufacturing of Dairy Product with Domestic Probiotics and have successfully achieved self-development of domestic probiotics such as Lactobacillus paracasei PC-01, LC-37 and Bifidobacterium lactis MN-Gup, which have the functions of promoting digestion and regulating glucose and lipid metabolism.
Additionally, we have optimized the production and processing technology of the products with self-developed probiotics, and its research results have been widely applied in Mengniu's Yoyi C yogurt drink series and other products.
Mengniu's M-Action brand and Research Institute of Public Health of Nankai University have established the Nankai University- M-Action Nutritional Research Joint Laboratory, which focuses on scientific research, technological innovation, product development, and brand iteration related to sports nutrition and health, to provide more innovative and professional sports nutritional solutions for populations participating in sports and fitness in China, so as to contribute to the construction of a Leading Sports Nation and a Healthy China.
Mengniu's independent R&D project of Key Technological Innovation and Application of Low-temperature Processing of Fresh Milk was evaluated by Zhongke Hechuang (Beijing) Scientific and Technological Achievement Evaluation Center, and the overall results of the project are in the leading position in China, while some of them are in the leading position around the world.
With independent and collaborative innovative research, development and transformation, combined with precise nutritional technology, we strive to produce Three Good Milk with Good Sources, Good Combinations and Good Personalized Choices to maintain personalized health.
Good Sources Mengniu's Life Nutrition Milk can be fortified with nutrients for different groups of people, including the elderly and children, as well as for special needs such as metabolic health and cardiovascular health.
With milk as the carrier, a nutrient combination delivery system for specific functions will be realized.
Mengniu's probiotics pool and functional probiotics screening platform can be utilized for the development and validation of core functional strains and products, the realization of specific pairing combinations of probiotics and functional raw materials, and the development of intestinal health detection technology.
Good Combinations In the future, Mengniu will integrate precise nutritional technology into the design of Life Nutrition Milk.
Mengniu was awarded the grand prizes for its Integration and Application of Key Technologies for Processing and Quality Safety Control of Functional Fermented Dairy Products and Research on Taste Optimization, Nutrition Upgrading Technology of Fermented Dairy Products and Application Demonstration of Product Health Transformation.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Mengniu complied with the Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China and other laws and regulations, formulated the Intellectual Property Protection Management System, the Construction Outline of Intellectual Property Management, the Trademark Management System, the Patent Management System, the Copyright Management System and other systems, and continuously improved the intellectual property management system.
In order to ensure the steady progress of patent protection, the Group has increased the budget for intellectual property, recruited professional talents, and embedded patent management in the project development process, to enhance the protection of innovative achievements and the quality of patent applications.
The Group respects the intellectual property of others while actively carrying out intellectual property protection.
By the end of 2023, Mengniu has not been involved in any patent infringement cases.
In order to enhance employees' awareness of intellectual property protection, Mengniu has popularized legal knowledge related to intellectual property among employees, and has clarified the Group's intellectual property management requirements through employee intellectual property trainings, and activities on intellectual property day.
Additionally, Mengniu actively participates in international industry conferences on intellectual property to exchange management and layout strategies of intellectual property.
By the end of 2023, the Group has held a total of 1, 820 valid patents.
In 2023, 390 patents were newly applied and 289 patents were newly granted.
The intellectual property management mechanism, in which the intellectual property management department collaborates with the business departments, to guide the business departments to establish multiple types of intellectual property portfolios.
Intellectual Property Protection valid patents 1, 820By the end of 2023 In 2023 newly applied patents 390newly granted patents 289Navigation Mechanism Voyage Mechanism Escort Mechanism Pilot Mechanism In 2023, Mengniu's patent team was awarded the Asia Pacific IP Team of the Year Award 2023 by World Trademark Review (WTR), a world-renowned IP media, and Mengniu was the only Chinese company to receive the honor this year.
The head of Mengniu's patent department was awarded the Global IP Expert in the IAM Strategy 300 The World s Leading IP Strategists 2023 by Intellectual Asset Management (IAM), a world-renowned IP media, for the internationally leading IP management strategies and thinking.
Mengniu was the only food and dairy company in China to have an IP manager listed in this international expert ranking.
Mengniu is the first dairy company in China to receive the China Invention Patent Silver Award which is the highest level of patent award received within the industry.
In 2023, Mengniu revised 19 quality management mechanisms to strengthen management requirements of quality documents, procured materials quality, quality and food safety audit, as well as professional and technical personnel cultivation, continuously improving quality management and control.
Mengniu conducts effectiveness review of quality management to objectively evaluate the quality management level of the Group.
Through the establishment of the quality evaluation model, we conducts on-site evaluation of the quality management effectiveness of each business unit, based on the process quality management capabilities and results achieved, to help improve the quality management of the business unit, and to improve the awareness of the quality management of all the employees.
For the quality management and control of our overseas business units, we revised the 2023 Food Safety Review Rules for Overseas Factories in light of the requirements of local laws and regulations as well as the product characteristics of our overseas factories, and carried out food safety reviews of our overseas factories in order to strengthen the food safety control of our overseas business.
In addition, Mengniu has established a risk management system of product quality safety.
Quality Management and Control Excellent Quality Mengniu adheres to the concept of Quality is the Greatest Decency, continuously build the Group's quality culture, and improves the quality assurance of the entire lifecycle of its products.
Honors
121 122 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive Adhering to the quality management concept of all risks are eliminated before they are exposed, and all competitions begin at the time of design, we issued the Mengniu New Product Quality Design Management System to build a new product quality management system covering risk management, quality management, claim management, process technology management.
In 2023, Mengniu continuously improved management system, strengthened the undertaking and implementation of new product quality design management requirements at the Group, business units and factories, to avoid quality risks at the product design stage and deepening quality control.
Product Design Stage Mengniu established a risk assessment mechanism of cross-departmental raw material expert group to strictly control the quality of raw material.
By reviewing international, domestic regulations and risk studies, quality indicators, and setting early warning lines for indicators, we identify and evaluate food safety risks along the entire chain of raw materials from suppliers to factories.
In addition, we raise the access threshold for raw material suppliers and enhance daily monitoring.
In 2023, we completed Mengniu's internal risk management plan of raw material, guided our raw material suppliers to carry out risk assessment, grading the risk management in each stages and comprehensively upgrading Mengniu's risk management and control capabilities of raw material.
The Group's major suppliers have obtained quality management system certifications such as ISO 9001, ISO 22000, FSSC 22000, HACCP, BRCGS, IFS, etc., of which nearly 100 of the suppliers of raw materials and food-contact auxiliary materials have obtained dual system certifications.
Product Raw Material Quality Control Stage Mengniu has implemented intelligent quality, applying digital and intelligent management to breeding, processing, logistics and other stages to improve the process quality management from pastures to table and enhance management efficiency.
The Group builds a quality control system of test results, including the process quality control of laboratory, inter-laboratory evaluation of results and industry risk prevention, to ensure the accurate detection of quality control testing programs throughout the whole industry chain.
At present, Mengniu has a total of 39 laboratories and one intelligent quality center, of which 24 laboratories have obtained CNAS30 certification and 24 laboratories have certified by ISO IEC 17025 2018 General Requirements for the Competence of Testing and Calibration Laboratories, and have the test ability of 1, 561 items, covering 100 testing contents for the dairy, and 99 testing contents for the whole industry chain.
Product Quality Inspection Stage Mengniu continuously improves the construction of quality management system, controls the product design, product raw materials, product manufacture and transportation, product quality inspection and product recall, to manage and supervise the product life-cycle quality.
Product Life-Cycle Quality Assurance To effectively protect consumers' health and safety, Mengniu has formulated the Mengniu Product Traceability Management System, the Product Recall Management System and other documents.
The traceability information covers 8 processes and 16 steps of the whole industrial chain, achieving 100 coverage of key information of products, including supplier information of raw and auxiliary materials, material batches and product batches.
In 2023, we strengthened the construction of the one-click traceability system, continuously improved the traceability management mechanism and optimized the traceability information tools.
The Group uses SAP and other information technology systems as the basis to correlate product traceability information from the source of raw and auxiliary materials to the first-tier distributors.
Currently, 100 of Mengniu's products can be traced back to the origin of raw milk, raw materials and auxiliary materials.
Level 1 recalls shall be initiated within 24 hours, with a written report formed daily and completed within 10 working days; level 2 recalls shall be initiated within 48 hours, with a written report formed at least every 5 working days and completed within 20 working days; level 3 recalls shall be initiated within 72 hours, with a written report formed at least every 10 working days and completed within 30 working days.
In case of unexpected situations that may lead to the escalation of the recall during the level 2 and 3 recalls, the responsible department head must immediately report to the business units' food safety management team to carry out the relevant recall management work.
In 2023, no product recall happened in Mengniu.
Product Trace and Recall 100 of Mengniu's products can be traced back to the origin of raw milk, raw materials and auxiliary materials In 2023 0 product recall 121 122 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive
123 124 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive 31 A2 Product Certification A2 -Casein dairy production, processing, etc are certified by a third-party certification body for dairy producers.
Quality and Food Safety Certification System certification In 2023, the Company carried out seven major system certifications including ISO 9001, GMP, HACCP, FSSC 22000, BRCGS, IFS and SQF, covering 63 factories, with a 100 certification pass rate.
The product certification of EU standards Continuously conducted and maintained the validity of certificates, upgraded and complemented the certification of 114 raw material indexes and 37 product indexes, covering nine categories of sterilized milk, formulated milk, fermented milk, pasteurized milk, dairy flavored beverages, chilled drinks, processed cheese, infant milk formula and dried milk.
Student milk certification Continuously conducted and maintained the approval for the use of the student milk label, covering the three categories of sterilized milk, formulated milk and fermented milk.
Organic product certification Continuously certified and maintained valid organic certificates for a total of 21 products, including Milk Deluxe, pure milk, skimmed milk, fresh milk, children's milk, cheese, milk formula and other products.
A2 product certification31 Shiny Meadow A2 products and Xiaoxianyu A2 products received the first A2 dairy processing and fresh milk production certification in China.
Mengniu adheres to the quality vision of focusing on consumers, creating perfect products with craftsmanship, and becoming a quality benchmark in the global dairy industry, and has set Trust, Outstanding, and Preferred as the Group's quality management guideline.
We have formulated and continuously improved the 1332 quality culture strategy and comprehensively carried out quality and food safety culture construction activities, aiming at strengthening the quality culture atmosphere of the Group and enhancing the food safety awareness of our employees.
In 2023, we continuously optimized our quality culture self- assessment rules, systematically conducted internal quality culture assessments, and continued to refine the Group's quality culture based on the assessment results.
In 2023, under the guidance of our quality culture strategy, we carried out a series of World Quality activities in the areas of product quality and food safety culture, fully practicing the Group's quality values.
In 2023, Mengniu launched the Safety and Quality Certificate of Responsibility activity, in which the Group's senior management team and business units signed a certificate of responsibility, reflecting Mengniu's determination to implement the quality responsibility.
World Quality of Responsibility Activity Major GoalMajor MeasuresMajor GuaranteesMajor Foundations
125 126 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive With the theme of World Quality for Consumers, Mengniu launched a series of 315 Consumer Day activities.
By conducting interactive activities through offline and online channels, we show consumers Mengniu's world quality management throughout the entire industrial chain.
During the first Factory Manager Reception Day activity, Mengniu organized more than 30 factories nationwide opened to consumers, attracting more than 1, 000 consumers to visit the entire manufacturing process of Mengniu's products and feel the world quality of Mengniu.
During the 2nd World Quality Short Video Competition activity, Mengniu showed the exploration and efforts on world quality to consumers, with more than 1. 1 million times of views and more than 900, 000 times of forwarding.
World Quality for Consumers Activity Mengniu held the World Quality Innovation quality innovation evaluation activity to select quality management innovation projects and quality technology innovation projects through document review and comprehensive evaluation of internal and external experts, aiming to stimulate the Group's quality management and technological innovation, and to form a strong atmosphere of quality culture.
Mengniu implemented quality self-inspection requirements to each business unit with the working mechanism of daily control, weekly inspection and monthly dispatching.
The Group stimulated the practice of World Quality of Construction responsibility implementation, with 1, 481 times of quality inspection, and reviewed the rectifications, ensuring that food safety issues were comprehensively inspected while safeguarding the implementation of quality responsibilities.
World Quality of Innovation Activity World Quality of Construction Activity Mengniu practices the quality value of promoting the spirit of craftsmanship.
World Quality of Craftsmanship Activity Mengniu actively participates in the preparation and revision of national and industry standards related to product quality and food safety, continuously promoting the industry to further implement the Product Quality Strategy, Standardization Strategy and Healthy China Strategy.
Quality and Food Safety Standards 6 29 5National Standards Industry Standards Industry Standards
127 128 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive In order to solidify the Group's quality management achievements and continuously ensure product quality, Mengniu builds a training system for professionals and regularly conducts trainings related to quality safety.
For the key quality safety personnel, the Group conducted 27 empowerment trainings of 5 N, including 9 trainings of Five 100, covering more than 500 managers of factory legal person, quality, safety and environment, technology and energy; 18 trainings of N topics covering more than 300 core business personnel of data, systems, regulations, intelligent manufacturing, comprehensively empowering quality management and building a talent team of safety, quality and technology.
Mengniu cares about the ability improvement of suppliers.
Additionally, Mengniu's inspection team and quality management team were both awarded the title of 2023 National Light Industry Reliable Quality Team.
Mengniu's Research and Large-scale Application of Digital and Intelligent Quality Control Technologies Based on Raw Milk Food Safety was awarded the 2023 China Quality Association Quality Technology Second Prize.
Mengniu clarifies the review process of advertising and marketing materials.
In terms of product packaging, we conduct compliance audits for product labels through our product lifecycle management system, to audit and uniformly manage nutrition and health information in product labels.
Responsible MarketingGood Services Mengniu adheres to the core value of consumers are at the heart of all our decisions, implements responsible marketing practice, standardizes the nutrition and health attributes claims of products.
Meanwhile, Mengniu actively protects the legal rights and interests of consumers, opens up consumer communication channels, reinforces the protection of consumer information security, committing to providing better services and bringing better service experience to consumers.
All of our products' nutrition labeling use standardized tables to indicate the energy, content values of core nutrients and other nutrients, as well as the nutrient reference values (NRV32), so as to ensure that the nutrition and health information on product packaging is displayed in a compliant manner, and to guide consumers to make scientific dietary choices.
For sports nutrition food, we follow the General Rules for the Labeling of Pre-packaged Food for Special Dietary Uses (GB13432-2013), and the National Food Safety Standard - General Rules for Sports Nutrition Foods (GB24154-2015) and other related standards.
In terms of front-of-pack (FOP) labelling, we follow the requirements of relevant laws and regulations in our operation regions, and reasonably use FOP labelling on pre-packaged food to simplify the display of nutrient content or nutritional quality of products, helping consumers to identify and select nutrition and health products quickly.
Meanwhile, Mengniu actively participates in the preparation for national standards for FOP labelling of pre-packaged food.
In 2023, the Guidelines for Iconic Nutrition Labeling for Pre-packaged Food, of which Mengniu was the main drafting unit, received the approval of the Standardization Administration.
Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive In 2023, we continuously strengthened the promotion of responsible marketing by conducting specialized trainings covering responsible marketing, advertising and intellectual property protection, such as trademark design and review, interpretation of trademark law, product packaging review and Olympic sports marketing.
A total of 7 trainings were held with approximately 2, 000 participants, covering 100 of intellectual property and marketing related personnel.
Mengniu continuously pays attention to the protection of consumers' rights and interests, while provide consumers with high- quality products, to continuously improve the service quality.
The Group continuously broadens consumer communication channels by setting up various communication methods such as consumer hotline, Weibo, WeChat and email.
All complaints are forwarded timely to the person responsible for handling the complaints, and feedback of consumer complaints will be provided within the stipulated time.
For complaints that have not yet been closed, we will continue to follow up until the complaint is closed.
For complaints that have been closed, we carry out spot checks and return visits.
By the end of 2023, the consumer satisfaction rate of complaint handling reached 94.
Mengniu conducts dealer satisfaction research and consumer satisfaction research and accesses consumers' feelings, suggestions and specific needs on products through online questionnaires and product reviews on e-commerce platforms and other channels, forms improvement and enhancement plan to continuously improve consumer satisfaction.
Mengniu values information safety and privacy protection, focuses on the core objective of making data use safer, and carries out systematic construction of information protection and data security, to safeguard consumer privacy.
Consumer Services Information Protection We formulated the Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations, the APP Mini Program Personal Information Protection Compliance Operation Guidelines, the Data Security Management Regulations and other systems and management methods, which serve as guidelines for the Group's code of conduct on information confidentiality to strengthen the standardized management of full lifecycle of the group's data of all area.
In order to enhance work efficiency and promote the standardization and process development of data compliance work, we formulated 15 practical tools such as the Mengniu Group Data Processing Agreement and 10 practical guidelines such as the Mengniu Group Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment Guidelines.
Management System0 major data breach 0 major information security incident 0 consumer privacy and data security- related complaintIn accordance with the network security organization responsibility system, Mengniu established a network security working group, specified network security work responsibility departments and clarified the responsibilities of each department.
Mengniu's CDO (Chief Digital Officer) is responsible for overseeing the cyber security strategy of the Group.
Mengniu strengthens consumer privacy and information security protection through authentication, authorization, auditing, data encryption and desensitization, etc.
In terms of Mengniu's Apps and mini program for consumers, we conduct compliance checks on personal information protection and support the business in conducting regular risk self-inspection by developing self-inspection forms for risk items.
For projects involving consumers' personal information, we have established a prior review mechanism for personal information protection assessment to identify potential data security risks in the projects.
Meanwhile, we focused on key management requirements for data compliance before the conduction of projects, embedding compliance review points into the contract review management mechanism to strengthen personal information protection.
In order to enhance the Group's emergency handling capability for information leakage incidents, Mengniu has established an emergency management system and set up an emergency monitoring group, an emergency analysis group, an emergency handling group, an emergency liaison group and an external collaboration group under the emergency command group to strengthen the management of security incidents reporting.
As of 2023, Mengniu has participated in national-level cybersecurity attack and defense drills for four consecutive years, reaching the goal of no defeat in the drills.
Data Compliance System Construction We clarify the process for employees to report information security incidents.
Mengniu attaches importance to the improvement of employees' awareness of information protection.
May 2023 June 2023
132 Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide 131 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Content Index of HKEX ESG Reporting Guide Mandatory Disclosure Requirements Pages Governance Structure-A statement from the board containing the following elements (i) a disclosure of the board s oversight of ESG issues; (ii) the board s ESG management approach and strategy, including the process used to evaluate, prioritize and manage material ESG-related issues (including risks to the issuer s businesses); and (iii) how the board reviews progress made against ESG-related goals and targets with an explanation of how they relate to the issuer s businesses.
P7-8 Reporting Principles-A description of, or an explanation on, the application of the following Reporting Principles in the preparation of the ESG report Materiality The ESG report should disclose (i) the process to identify and the criteria for the selection of material ESG factors; (ii) if a stakeholder engagement is conducted, a description of significant stakeholders identified, and the process and results of the issuer s stakeholder engagement.
Quantitative Information on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and or calculation tools used, and source of conversion factors used, for the reporting of emissions energy consumption (where applicable) should be disclosed.
Consistency The issuer should disclose in the ESG report any changes to the methods or KPIs used, or any other relevant factors affecting a meaningful comparison.
P2 Reporting Boundary-A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report and describing the process used to identify which entities or operations are included in the ESG report.
Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations.
Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride.
Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations.
P139 A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P57-68 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
Note Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in buildings, electronic equipment, etc.
P71, P139 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P57-68 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
P71-74 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
P69-76 A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.
P57-60 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
P57-68 SocialB1 Employment General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
P41-42 B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.
P37-40 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year.
P42 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P42 B4 Labor StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor.
P85 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P85-101 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P85-101 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P85-101 B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
P122 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.
P120-122 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P129-130 B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
P26 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.
P27-28 B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests.
P43-54 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area.
The organization and its reporting practices1-1 Organizational details P9 1-2 Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting P2 1-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point P2 2.
Stakeholder engagement2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement P20-21 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements P37 GRI Standard Disclosure Pages 3-1 Process to determine material topics P22 3-2 List of material topics P22 3-3 Management of material topics Please Refer to the Table BelowContent Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards Statement of use China Mengniu Dairy Company Limited has reported with reference to the GRI Standards for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
GRI 1 Foundation 2021Subject Areas Aspects Pages
135 136 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Content Index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards GRI Standard Disclosure Pages GRI 201 Economic Performance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on economic performance P9 Topic-specific disclosures 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributedP9 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate changeP57-68 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on indirect economic impacts P43-54 Topic-specific disclosures203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supportedP43-54 GRI 204 Procurement Practices GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on procurement practices P85-101 GRI 205 Anti-corruption GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on anti-corruption P25-28, P92 Topic-specific disclosures205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and proceduresP27-30 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions takenP26 GRI 301 Materials GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on materials P75-80 Topic-specific disclosures301-1 Materials used by weight or volumeP139 301-3 Recycled input materials usedP78-82 GRI 302 Energy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on energy P57-68 Topic-specific disclosures302-1 Energy consumption within the organizationP139 302-3 Energy consumption outside of the organizationP60 302-4 Reduction of energy consumptionP60-68 GRI 303 Water and Effluents GRI 3 Management approach disclosure303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resourceP71-74 Topic-specific disclosures303-2 Management of water discharge-related impactsP73-75 303-5 Water withdrawalP71-74, P139 GRI 304 Biodiversity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on biodiversity P99-104 Topic-specific disclosures304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversityP100-101 GRI 305 Emissions GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on emissions P57-68GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic-specific disclosures305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissionsP58, P138 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissionsP58, P138 305-4 GHG emissions intensityP58, P138 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissionsP60-68 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissionsP138 GRI 306 Waste GRI 3 Management approach disclosure306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impactsP75-77 Topic-specific disclosures306-2 Management of significant waste related impactsP75-77 306-3 Waste generatedP139 GRI 307 Environmental Compliance GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on environmental compliance P69-70 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier environmental assessment P86-90 Topic-specific disclosures308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteriaP86-90 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions takenP86-90 GRI 401 Employment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on employment P31 Topic-specific disclosures401-1 New employee hires and employee turnoverP41-42 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employeesP35-36 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosure403-1 Occupational health and safety management systemP37-40 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigationP37-40 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safetyP39-40 403-6 Promotion of worker healthP37-40 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationshipsP37-40 Topic-specific disclosures403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management systemP37-40 403-9 Work-related injuriesP42 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on training and education P32-33
138 Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data 137 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report GRI Standard Disclosure Pages Topic-specific disclosures404-1 Average hours of training per year per employeeP42 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsP32-33, P36 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsP34 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on diversity and equal opportunity P31 Topic-specific disclosures405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employeesP17, P31 GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on non-discrimination P31 Topic-specific disclosures406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions takenP31 GRI 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on freedom of association and collective bargaining P37 GRI 408 Child Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on child labor P31 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on forced or compulsory labor P31 GRI 412 Human Rights Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on human rights assessment P31 Topic-specific disclosures412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or proceduresP31 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screeningP31, P86-88 GRI 413 Local Communities GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on local communities P43-54 Topic-specific disclosures413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programsP43-54 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on supplier social assessment P86-90 Topic-specific disclosures414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteriaP86-90 GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer health and safety P107-118, P120-127 Topic-specific disclosures416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesP107, P120-122 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on marketing and labeling P128-129 Topic-specific disclosures417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labelingP128 GRI 418 Customer Privacy GRI 3 Management approach disclosureManagement approach on customer privacy P129-130Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Revenue RMB100 million 881. 42 925. 93 986. 24 Total assets RMB100 million 981. 01 1, 178. 13 1, 152. 20 Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company RMB100 million 50. 26 53. 03 48. 09 Production capacity 10, 000 tonnes 1, 166 1, 291 1, 040 Traceability of nonconforming products 100 100 100 Pass rate of ex- factory product quality inspection 100 100 100 Ex- factory batches of products subject to quality and safety monitoring 100 100 100 Percentage of products recycled due to safety and health factors during product transportation and sales 0 0 0 Raw milk random sampling pass rate 100 100 100 Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Labor contract signing rate 100 100 100 Social insurance coverage 100 100 100 Response rate to employee requests 100 100 100 Completion rate of procurement contracts 100 100 100 Response rate to consumer complaints and recommendations 100 100 100 Total expenditure on charity RMB10, 000 4, 584. 50 10, 672. 80 5, 124. 75 Total tax paid RMB100 million 40. 89 40. 14 48. 41 Indicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Exhaust gasTotal exhaust emissions Million cubic metres 944. 63 945. 07 1, 119. 31 SO2 emissions Tonne 23. 62 23. 63 27. 98 NOx emissions Tonne 85. 02 85. 06 100. 74 Soot emissions Tonne 18. 89 18. 90 22. 39 WastewaterWastewater discharge 10, 000 Tonnes 2, 718. 32 2, 806. 19 2, 966. 00 COD discharge Tonne 893. 81 1, 085. 75 1, 106. 82 Reduction of COD discharge Tonne 41, 227. 21 42, 288. 66 42, 118. 04 BOD discharge Tonne 246. 93 233. 87 238. 40 Ammonia nitrogen Tonne 204. 24 306. 84 335. 81 GHGTotal GHG emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 136. 00 142. 57 142. 33 Scope 1 emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 26. 00 25. 37 27. 04 Scope 2 emissions 10, 000 Tonnes 110. 00 117. 20 115. 29 GHG emission per tonnes of productsKg Tonne 171. 00 168. 31 166. 17Mengniu Key Sustainability Performance Data Economic Performance Social Performance Environmental Performance
140 List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems 139 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report Notes on Calculation Methodology 1.
The data of exhaust gas, wastewater, GHG emissions, solid waste, energy consumption and water use covers all of Mengniu Group's self-operated factories, including Room Temperature, Chilled Product, Ice Cream Product, Fresh Milk, Yashili and Cheese business unit.
Total comprehensive energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T 2589-2020) based on the consumption of energy sources including gasoline, diesel, natural gas, electricity and purchased heat.
The main types of GHG involved in the production process of Mengniu's self- operated factories include carbon dioxide, methane, and hydrofluorocarbons.
The GWP (Global Warming Potential) and emission factor were selected with reference to the IPCC Sixth Assessment Report.
In 2023, we conducted a group-wide inventory of packaging materials, clarified and refined the method of packaging materials counting and had introduced a wider range of product packaging materials in the inventory scope.
ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations A1 EmissionsMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Procedures for Environmental Risk Assessment and Control Planning Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects Mengniu Self-Monitoring Management System for Pollutant Discharge for Pollutant Discharge Mengniu Dairy Solid Waste Environmental Management System Procedures for Wastewater Pollutant Management Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment the Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Soil Contamination the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste the Standard for Pollution Control on Hazardous Waste Storage A2 Use of ResourcesPackaging Sustainable Recycling Design Guidelines in Chilled Product Business Unit Environmental Risk Map Mengniu Diary Administrative Measures for Environmental Risk Map Mengniu Guidelines Against Food Wastethe Water and Soil Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Regulations on the implementation of the Forest Law of the People's Republic of China Norm of Water Intake for Dairy Products the Evaluation of Water-Saving Enterprises A3 The Environment and Natural ResourcesMengniu Manual on Environmental Protection Environmental Emergency Response Planthe Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China the Environmental Code of Conduct for Citizens (for Trial Implementation) A4 Climate ChangeMengniu Group Carbon Emission Management Method Mengniu Group Low-Carbon Development Plan (2023-2025) Mengniu Group Carbon Emission Accounting Technical Guide Carbon Emission Management Report Key Tasks Breakdown of Low Carbon InitiativesOpinions of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council on Completely, Accurately and Comprehensively Implementing the New Development Concept and Doing a Good Job in Peak Carbon Dioxide Emissions B1 EmploymentRecruitment Management System Salary Management System Welfare Administration System Performance Management System Manual Study Development Management System Collective Contract Special Collective Contract on Salary Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female Employeesthe Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of China Work of the Trade Union Regulation (on Trial) B2 Health and SafetyOccupational Health Management System Mengniu Group 2023-2025 EHS Three-Year Plan 2023 Group EHS Key Work Plan Administrative System for Environmental Accident Reporting and Handling Administrative System for Environmental Management of Construction Projects Special Collective Contract on Employee Safety and Labor Protectionthe Conventions of the International Labor Organization the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Production Safety Law of the People's Republic of China the Fire Prevention Law of the People's Republic of China Law of the People's Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases Regulations on Occupational Health Supervision and Management in Workplace Safety Training Provision for Production and Business Enterprise B3 Development and TrainingStudy Development Management System B4 Labor StandardsEmployee Code of Conduct Employee Handbook Guidelines for Preventing Unethical Behavior in the Workplace Special Collective Contract on Protection of Rights and Interests of Female EmployeesInternational Conventions on Human Rights United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights the Labor Law of the People's Republic of China the Labor Contract Law of the People's Republic of China the Constitution of the Chinese Trade Unions the Trade Union Law of the People's Republic of ChinaList of External Laws and Regulations and Internal SystemsIndicator Unit 2021 Data 2022 Data 2023 Data Solid wasteTotal hazardous waste Tonne 382. 81 385. 66 406. 09 Total non-hazardous waste Tonne 40, 200. 24 51, 212. 24 55, 888. 60 Compliance disposal rate of solid waste 100 100 100 Energy consumptionGasoline consumption Liter 11, 196. 38 12, 000. 00 3, 169. 76 Diesel consumption Liter 55, 124. 81 10, 342. 00 100. 00 Purchased steam Tonne 859, 756. 92 832, 324. 04 1, 076, 108. 60 Natural gas consumption10, 000 standard cubic meters7, 188. 65 7, 191. 54 7, 919. 78 Grid electricity consumption across regionsMWh 816, 797. 96 818, 780. 57 1, 009, 520. 67 Generation of solar power MWh 8, 697. 50 8, 509. 70 11, 267. 80 Steam production from biomass energyTonne 289, 575. 22 189, 801. 01 126, 963. 16 Direct energy consumption MWh 778, 994. 34 778, 870. 65 857, 542. 70 Indirect energy consumption MWh 1, 463, 588. 32 1, 444, 933. 32 1, 819, 082. 46 Total comprehensive energy consumptionMWh 2, 242, 582. 66 2, 223, 803. 97 2, 676, 625. 16 Water useTotal water withdrawal Million Tonnes 28. 64 28. 24 35. 20 Water saved 10, 000 Tonnes147. 94 (including 890, 800 Tonnes of social water savings)85. 97 (including 421, 500 Tonnes of social water savings)106. 2 (including 890, 000 Tonnes of social water savings) Reclaimed water rate 9. 68 7. 50 6. 44 Indicator Category Unit 2023 Data Packaging materialsPlastic packaging Tonne 177, 455. 94 Wood Paper fiber packaging Tonne 1, 070, 575. 33 Metal packaging Tonne 25, 589. 62 Glass packaging Tonne 242. 46
141 142 Mengniu 2023 Sustainability Report List of External Laws and Regulations and Internal Systems ESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B5 Supply Chain ManagementMengniu Dairy Quality Management System for Purchasing Material Supplier Code of Conduct Standards for Evaluating the Quality Performance of Suppliers Supplier Management Rules Mengniu Responsible Supply Chain ESG Risk List Procurement Risk Sorting and Identification Form Procurement Risk Assessment Criteria and Assessment Form Mengniu Farm Quality and Safety Management Policy Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Milk Source Farms of Mengniu Welfare Promotion and Implementation System for Dairy Cattle in Farm Quality and Safety Assurance Commitment Regulations on Quality and Food Safety Risk Management of Milk Source Business Unit Special Action Plan for Animal Drug Risk Prevention and Control in Dairy Business Unit s Farms Farm Environmental Protection Management Regulations Review Rules for Milk Supplier Accessthe Bidding Law of the People's Republic of China B6 Product ResponsibilityMengniu Nutrition and Health Policy Mengniu Product Nutrition Standards Mengniu Commitment on the Use of Antimicrobial Drugs in Animals Intellectual Property Protection Management System Outline for Intellectual Property Management Construction Patent Management System Copyright Management System Trademark Management System General Principles of Quality Management for Mengniu Dairy Mengniu Dairy Process Quality Monitoring and Management System Mengniu Dairy Quality and Food Safety Risk Management System Mengniu Dairy Product Storage and Transportation Quality Management System Mengniu Dairy Sales Quality Management System Mengniu Dairy New Product Quality Design Management System Mengniu Product Traceability Management System Product Recall Management System Advertising Review and Management System Business Promotion Management Regulations Advertising Slogan and Trademark Review and Registration System Product Claim Management System Mengniu Group's Principles for Responsible Marketing Operations Mengniu's Responsible Marketing Policy for Breast Milk Substitutes Mengniu Dairy Terminal Market Feedback Management System Personal Information Protection Compliance Management Regulations Compliance Guidelines for Personal Information Protection in Apps Mini-Programs Data Security Management Regulations Information Security Management System Mengniu Group's Guide to Anti-Food WasteAnimal Epidemic Prevention Law Food Recall Management Measures International Code of Marketing of Breastmilk Substitutes China's Management Measures for the Sale of Breast Milk Substitutes Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumers' Rights and Interests Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Initiative Patent Law of the People's Republic of China Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China Food Labeling Management RegulationsESG indicator Internal system Laws and regulations B7 Anti- corruptionIntegrity and Compliance Manual Integrity compliance commitment Business Partner Compliance Management Regulations Anti-monopoly Compliance Manual Business Partner Compliance Manual Anti-Corruption Agreement Anti-Monopoly Compliance Management Regulations Anti-monopoly Compliance Commitment Provisions on the Management of Reporting and Disposal of Questions and Clues Compliance Manual on Duty Performance of Directors and Supervisors Integrity Warning Education Work Plan Remind Talk Work PlanCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China the Anti- Unfair Competition Law of the People's Republic of China B8 Community Investment14th Five-Year Plan for Rural Revitalization Action Plan China Mengniu Public Donation Management System Notice on Further Regulating the Volunteer Service Activities of Mengniu Group the Assistance Scheme of the Born for Greatness FundCharity Law of the People's Republic of China GovernanceGuidelines for Corporate Governance Compliance Mengniu Group Sustainability System Management Approach Mengniu Risk Management System Mengniu Risk Management Framework Manual for Risk Management of the GroupCivil Code of the People's Republic of China the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China the Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China the Company Law of the People's Republic of China
143 Nutrition- Supreme & Inclusive
