1
Sustainability Report
2023

Technology Lights Up a Bright Future
Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility

CONTENTS

About the Report

03

Responsibility Message

04

GRI Standard Index

76

Independence Assurance Report

79

vivo Certification List

80

Feedback Form

80

01
About vivo
Company Profilevivo Historical Events Products Honors and Awards

02

05

Sustainability Governance

09

05

Sustainability Strategy

10

06

Sustainability Governance

11

07

08

03

04

Technology Sharing

15

Green Symbiosis

36

Unleashing the Power of Innovation

17

Eco-Friendly Products

38

Promoting Digital Inclusion

22

Green Operation

43

Product Safety and Reliability

29

Whole-Hearted Customer Service

34

05
Value Creation
Employee Growth Win-win Cooperation Industrial Co-Prosperity

06

51

Community Responsibility

66

53

Sound Operation

68

60

Business Ethics

70

62

Public Welfare

72

Global Welfare

75

About the Report Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 03

About the Report

This report is the third sustainability report ("the Report") released by vivo Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "vivo", "the Company", or "we") to the public. Upholding the principles of objectivity, standardization and transparency, vivo discloses each year the Company's sustainable development management status, and promote mutual understanding, communication and interaction between vivo and stakeholders, as well as enhance the corporate information transparency.
The preparation of 2023 Sustainability Report remains the same as in 2022, with any changes noted separately.
Basis of Preparation
This Report is prepared with reference to the GRI Sustainable Development Report Standards (hereinafter referred to as "GRI Standards") issued by the Global Reporting Initiative (hereinafter referred to as "GRI"), the Sustainable Development Goals (hereinafter referred to as "SDGs") of the United Nations and the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact (hereinafter referred to as "UNGC").
Scope of This Report
The organizational scope of this Report covers all entities of the Company that have control or significant influences over financial and operational policies and measures. The information and data in this Report cover the concepts, important progress, management practices, etc, of vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries1 from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. To enhance the integrity of this Report, partial relevant contents that have been traced back to the time prior to the reporting period are stated separately.
Unless otherwise stated, the currency used in this Report is RMB.

Data Sources
All the data used in this Report is from vivo's internal official documents, statistical reports, third-party questionnaire surveys, and relevant public information.
External Assurance
This report has completed SGS's independent assurance, in review the reliability of the sources and data handling of the relevant information disclosed in the Report (Page 79 for details).
Availability
This independent Report is released in September 2024 in Chinese and English versions. You can read and obtain the Chinese and English electronic versions of this Report at: https://www.vivo.com/en/activity/csr
Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback on this Report and contents, please contact us by: Email: CSR@vivo.com

1Subsidiaries include vivo Mobile Communication (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd, Shenzhen iQOO Communication Software Co., Ltd, vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd, vivo Mobile Communication (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd, vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd, Xi'an vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd, iQOO Software Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd and Nanjing vivo Software Technology Co., Ltd.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 04

Responsibility Message
Shen Wei vivo Founder President, and CEO
Finding Happiness by Creating Happiness for All
Over the past 29 years since vivo's establishment, we have come a long way. As we look ahead, we are more enthusiastic than ever about the bright future of our industry and the remarkable growth in our business capabilities.
"Do the right thing and do things right." Our confidence comes from our ability to find certainty. But how do we find certainty amid uncertainty? The answer lies in our original aspiration. The more chaotic the environment, the more we need to reconnect with our original aspiration, our initial goal, and the principles that guided us from the start. I often liken a company to an individual whose ultimate goal in life is happiness. However, this happiness cannot be self-serving. It becomes sustainable and meaningful only when it is shared with others. Therefore, a company's foremost purpose is to create happiness for all. The most fundamental social responsibility of a company is to operate with continuity and stability. This enables us to bring happiness to our users, employees, partners, and shareholders--those who are directly impacted by our actions. At vivo, we are dedicated to creating exceptional products for over 500 million users, enhancing the lives of tens of thousands of employees and their families, driving progress across the industrial chain, and delivering fair returns to our shareholders. Every step we take is about creating value and happiness--and in doing so, we too find our own sense of fulfillment.
Our Company creates happiness by utilizing technologies to light up a bright future. As our capabilities grow, so does our ability to make a greater impact. By aligning our business with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), we have identified four key strategic directions for sustainable development: technology sharing, green symbiosis, value creation, and

community responsibility. Through promoting digital inclusiveness, adhering to green development principles, and fostering a mutually beneficial value ecosystem, we are committed to bringing more happiness and beauty to the world.
Technology sharing means making technological advancements universally accessible, much like humanity's first use of fire. vivo is dedicated to ensuring that everyone, regardless of their financial means, skill level, or knowledge, can benefit from technological progress and achieve what was once thought impossible. In 2023, we launched the "Blue Technology" brand, which has since brought significant innovations. The BlueLM has become a caring personal assistant. The Blue Ocean Battery has extended charging intervals from daily to every two days. Concertgoers seated far from the stage can now capture clear images of the performance, and professional creators are using smartphones to produce short films. These examples highlight our commitment to detail, leaving users amazed and delighted, and we share in their joy. This is the true essence of technology sharing.
Green symbiosis means that that both individuals and companies must choose to contribute positively to our shared and irreplaceable natural environment, rather than causing harm. vivo has taken a significant step in this direction with the release of our vivo Low-Carbon Action White Paper, which addresses climate change challenges by focusing on carbon governance, carbon inventory, carbon goals, and carbon emission reduction. We have set targets to cut carbon emissions by half from our operations by 2035 compared to 2021 and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. To enhance product sustainability, we have introduced advanced materials and technologies, including glass ceramic and carbon element recombination. Additionally, we encourage our suppliers to adopt environmentally friendly materials such as lead-free copper and have identified 52 types of restricted hazardous substances. We have completed the second phase of the photovoltaic power generation project at vivo headquarters, and implemented energy-saving optimizations in our production and office systems, saving approximately 7,130 MWh of power per year. "Green" is an everlasting journey, and vivo is committed to using technology to achieve excellence, transforming our responsibilities into business opportunities, and driving more sustainable operations through innovation.
Value creation stems not only from a combination of wisdom but also from a shared resonance of values and ideals. The tide of the times can make greatness but also break heroes. By advancing together with like-minded partners, empowering one another through innovation, and working in synergy to create shared benefits, we can better navigate the changing landscape. We fully leverage our influence in the value chain and across the industry, collaborating with partners to drive innovation and breakthroughs in

cutting-edge technologies. We are committed to implementing generative large models at the edge, continuously expanding capabilities of mobile imaging, defining an All Big Core for chips, and engaging in setting standards in communication fields such as emergency positioning services and network protection. Through these efforts, we are fostering the healthy and sustainable development of the industry.
Social welfare is about spreading love and care to every corner of the world. An ecosystem does not necessarily mean the natural environment. It can also be people, businesses, and society. I believe that everyone is part of a larger whole. While technology is indeed powerful, it cannot address every need. This is why companies must work to balance societal needs with technological progress by actively supporting social welfare initiatives. In 2023, we applied BlueLM to vivo Sight, a customized solution for visually impaired individuals, which now serves 100,000 users. Through vivo smartphones, visually impaired users can "see" the world around them, effectively turning their phones into a "portable electronic guide dog." This development excites us and highlights the incredible potential of AI and imaging technology in advancing social welfare.
We are also witnessing the transformative power of technology in advancing aesthetic education. The Capture the Future Public Welfare Program has been cultivating rural aesthetic education for more than two years, spreading creativity and beauty across six counties in four provinces. Every summer, children are invited to visit vivo's global headquarters, where, guided by our volunteers, they explore laboratories and experience the intersection of design, imaging, and technology. These aesthetic education activities not only broaden the children's horizons but also ignite their imaginations. As vivo continues to expand globally, the program reached new heights in 2023, extending its impact to multiple countries and regions in Southeast Asia and Latin America. This expansion creates new opportunities for the holistic development of impoverished children in developing countries.
For 29 years, we have found happiness in cultivating relationships with our business partners, society, and nature. Happiness is both our most sincere dedication and our purest reward. It is just like growing a tree. We plant the seed by creating happiness for our users and partners. This seed, in turn, becomes the source of our own happiness, allowing us to grow and experience inner peace and satisfaction.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 05

About vivo
Company Profile
vivo at a Glance
vivo is a design-driven technology company that creates great products with intelligent terminals and intelligent services as the core. We are committed to becoming a bridge connecting humans and the digital world and providing users with a more convenient digital life through unique creativity.
vivo's Strength
vivo has fully absorbed and developed local talent resources and deployed an extensive R&D network covering Shenzhen, Dongguan, Nanjing, Beijing, Hangzhou, Shanghai, Xi'an, and other cities, focusing on the frontier fields of 5G communications, artificial intelligence, industrial design, imaging technology and many other personal consumer electronics products and services. Thanks to vivo's intelligent manufacturing network (including brand licensing), today, vivo has an annual production capacity of nearly 200 million units, providing high-quality products and services to more than 500 million users in more than 60 countries and regions.
vivo's Mission and Vision
vivo implements sustainability strategies throughout the value chain and upholds the corporate mission of "create great products for users, create a joyful and progressive environment for employees, create win-win platforms for partners based on mutual trust, and render steady long-term returns on investment for shareholders." We aspire to develop into a healthier and more sustainable world-class corporation.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 06

Historical Events

1995
Company was founded.

1998
Company's telephone sales ranked first in China.

2004
Company entered the mobile phone market.

2011
vivo brand debuted.

2019
vivo unveiled its sub-brand iQOO and its first 5G smartphone.

2018

2016

2014

vivo established the vivo AI Global Research Institute.

vivo set up the Communications Research Institution to focus on 5G technology research and development.

vivo officially started the global business.

2020
vivo launched its new mobile operating system, OriginOS.

2021
vivo released its first proprietary chip V1.

2022
vivo released the Sustainable Report.

2023
vivo launched the Blue Technology brand.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 07

Products

X Fold series
Professional folding technology flagship

X Flip series
High-end folding flagship

X series
Professional photography technology flagship

Digital series
Future e-sports flagship

V series
Pioneering photography flagship

Y series
Ultra-slim body favored by everybody

Neo series
New-generation performance flagship

Z series
Super performance pioneer

Smart terminal
Multiple smart terminals that enrich users' digital experience

Smart terminal
Multiple smart terminals that focus on e-sports

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 08

Honors and Awards

National Science and Technology Progress Award
- First Prize2
CPC Central Committee, State Council of PRC

National High-tech Enterprise
Ministry of Science and Technology, Ministry of Finance, State Administration
of Taxation of PRC

Company/Brand

National Industrial Design Center & Enterprise Technology Center
Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology of PRC

National Intellectual Property Model Enterprise
National Intellectual Property Office (NIPO) of PRC

National Standard Drafting Unit
Standardization Administration of China (SAC), State
Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR)

Chinese Globalized Brands Top202
2024 BrandZ Top50 Chinese Globalized
Brands

Most Valuable Chinese Brand
Top 50
2023 Hurun Most Valuable Chinese Brands

vivo X100 series won the People's Choice Craftsmanship
Award - Craftsmanship Product by People's Daily
People's Daily's 20th People's Choice Craftsmanship Award

vivo X100 Pro was awarded Weibo's High-End Flagship Mobile Phone and Photography Flagship
Mobile Phone of the Year
Weibo Annual Mobile Phone Awards

Products
vivo was awarded the Top 10 Earphone Brand
in China for 2023 China Audio Industry Association (Earphone
Branch)

vivo X Fold, iQOO 11, and iQOO Neo 6 won the 2023 Red
Dot Award
German Red Dot Award

vivo V29 5G was awarded the 2023 GadgetMatch Approved
Smartphones
GadgetMatch

vivo X100 was awarded Bilibili 2023 BILIBILI Z100 Best Products
Bilibili.com

Corporate Social Responsibility

vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program was awarded the Annual Rural Revitalization High-Quality Project by
Southern Weekly
Southern Weekly's 4th Dreamers Public Welfare Conference

vivo was awarded Responsible Brand of the Year in the 2023 Philanthropic Awards Ceremony by China Philanthropist and Weibo
2023 Philanthropic Awards Ceremony

2vivo won the award in 2024.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 099

02
Sustainability Governance
Sustainability Strategy Sustainability Governance

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 10

Sustainability Strategy
vivo is committed to the vision of "Healthier and More Sustainable" development, embracing long-termism, engaging in sustainable development practices, and collaborating with various parties to create sustainable value for society.
vivo joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2019 and is committed to integrating its sustainable development strategy with the ten principles of the UNGC, supporting and fulfilling the global commitment to sustainable development with vivo's actions.

Aligning our own business activities with the United Nations' SDGs, we have set four major directions for sustainable development, namely technology sharing, green symbiosis, value creation, and community responsibility. We hope to build a more inclusive digital bridge to practice green development, establish a mutual-trust and win-win value ecosystem, and in effect provide happiness and greatness to the world.

tion organiza Industry

Cooperative partners

 Technology Sharing  Continuous technological innovation and fulfillment of digital responsibilities to bring users convenience and pleasure with technology and connect to a bright digital future.
 Green Symbiosis  Low-carbon and green operation to promote circular economy, engineer sustainable products, jointly protect the earth, and usher in a bright green future.
 Value Creation  Guarantee of employees' rights, interests and development, partnership of empowerment and mutual assistance, and joint establishment of a mutual-trust and win-win eco-platform to shape a bright value future.
 Community Responsibility  Robust development with strengthened management of risks and business ethics to care for communities, contribute to public welfare, and shore up a bright responsible future.

Communities and the public

Custome rs

Technology Lights Up a Bright Future

 Product and
technalogy innovation Information accessibility

Safety and reliability



User experience







Technology sharing

Community development

Community responsibility

Business ethics
 management  Public welfare
and charity

Eco-friendly products

   

Green
symbiosis


Green operation

Tackling climate

change









Value creation

Employee development
Responsible supply chain

Joint progress with

partners





Industry cooperation

and development

Employees

ents Governm

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 11

Sustainability Governance
vivo integrates the sustainable development strategy into the whole process of business operation by setting up and constantly improving the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) management mechanism. The Company's Management Committee (the highest decision-making body) has set up a CSR Committee, consisting of a director served by the Company's senior vice president and members including senior managers in various fields to ensure effective management and address sustainable development issues.
The CSR Committee is responsible for managing and supervising issues and ensures that the Company's CSR management meets the requirements and expectations of various stakeholders. The CSR Committee holds

quarterly meetings to discuss and make decisions on key issues, and report to the Management Committee. The CSR Committee has set up a special team for key issues, consisting of experts in relevant fields regarding each issue. The team is responsible for the effective implementation and improvement of management initiatives to further promote sustainable development.

vivo's Sustainable Development
Organizational Structure

Management Committee

The highest decision organization

CSR Committee
Responsible for managing and supervising key issues
Special team
Responsible for effective implementation and improvement of management initiatives

Consisting of a director served by the Company' s senior vice president and members including senior managers in various fields
Consisting of experts in relevant fields

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 12

Stakeholder Communication
vivo values effective communication with stakeholders. We have diversified and ongoing communication channels and promptly disclose information to stakeholders about the Company's activities in technological innovation, environmental protection, and community responsibility. vivo continuously enhances its management capabilities on various issues, working together with stakeholders to promote sustainable development.

Stakeholders

Customers and consumers

Regulators and industry organizations

Business partners

Employees

Shareholder

Communities and the public

Main focus

Product innovation and inclusion Product quality and safety Project lifecycle management User privacy protection High-quality customer service

Legally compliant operation Contribution to industry development Creating social value Response to climate change

Fair trade and contract performance in good faith Resource sharing and win-win cooperation Training empowerment Honest and transparent procurement

Good working environment Remuneration, benefits, and incentives Career development and self-fulfillment Work-life balance

Stable operation and management Company governance Financial performance

Promoting the development of community utilities Public charity Protecting the ecological environment Transparent information communication and sharing

Main communication methods

Business meetings Product exhibitions and publicity materials Pre-sales communication and after-sales service New social media

Policy document study Government communication meetings at all levels Industry conferences and forums Academic research and standard formulation Project cooperation Reception of various visits

Business meetings Partner exchange meetings Daily phone and email communication Information collaboration platform

Various daily employee communication channels Employee satisfaction survey Democratic management mechanism Enterprise open day

Company annual report and results announcement Tele-phone calls, in-person meeting and on-site visit

Company news and media reports Public welfare programs On-site communication

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 13

Issue Materiality Analysis
According to the guidelines of the GRI Standards and ISO 26000 Guidance on Social Responsibility pertaining to methods for identifying and analyzing material issues, we identified 22 sustainable development concerns most closely related to corporate operations in the four dimensions of environmental responsibility, social responsibility, product responsibility and corporate governance, and we invited a wide range of stakeholders of vivo to participate in a questionnaire survey on sustainability issues. Through comprehensive quantitative evaluation and prioritization, we developed the issue materiality matrix based on two dimensions of "importance to the sustainable development of the Company" and "importance to the stakeholders".

Step 1 Issue Identification
We identified 22 issues in 4 dimensions from sources that include:  Guidelines and standard requirements for sustainability
reporting;  Corporate sustainable development status assessment and
maturity analysis;  Peer benchmarking analysis;  Key concerns of important stakeholders.

Step 2 Stakeholder Questionnaire Survey
We distributed questionnaires to internal and external stakeholders such as employees, users, partners, suppliers, government and regulatory authorities, ICT-related industry associations, nonprofit organizations, and the public for assessment of the importance of vivo's sustainability issues, and a total of 434 valid questionnaires were collected. Among them, those regarding the importance to the sustainable development of vivo were filled out by vivo management members on behalf of the Company, and as for stakeholder part, we listened to the voices from vivo employees, users, partners, suppliers, shareholders, government and regulatory authorities, ICT-related industry associations, non-profit organizations, and the public (media, communities, the public, etc.)

Step 3 Materiality Analysis
We processed and analysed questionnaire data and assessed the issues according to the two dimensions of " importance to the sustainable development of the Company" and " importance to the stakeholders" and concluded a material issue matrix. According to analysis, the Company's material issues on sustainability for 2023 mainly include: user privacy protection, product inclusion, product quality, intellectual property rights protection, tackling climate change, and industry cooperation and development.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 14

Importance to the stakeholders

 Waste management

 Employee training and development

 Tackling climate change
 Information security
 Fair trade
 Business ethics

 Product quality  Customer service  Occupational health and safety

 User privacy protection
 Intellectual property rights protection
 Product inclusion

 Pollution prevention and control

 Product lifecycle management

 Protection of minors in cyberspace

 Industry cooperation and development
 Sustainable development management
 Diversity, equity & inclusion

 Water management  Biodiversity protection

 Responsible procurement

 Input in society

 Environmental Responsibility

 Social Responsibility

 Product Responsibility

Importance to the sustainable development of the Company  Corporate Governance

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 15

03
Technology Sharing
Unleashing the Power of Innovation Promoting Digital Inclusion Product Safety and Reliability Whole-Hearted Customer Service

16

Accumulative number of patent applications worldwide: over
50,700
Number of "Going Out" service events held:
646

Accumulative number of patents granted worldwide: over
17,500
Number of countries and regions covered by overseas service centers:
70

Innovation in digital technologies such as artificial intelligence, Internet of Things (IoT), cloud computing and 5G are blooming, which has become an important force in driving changes in people's lives. vivo adheres to the original aspiration of "bringing happiness and beauty to people with technology", and strives to the integration of technological innovation and digital responsibility, empower users with safe, dependable, innovative and high-quality products and provides thoughtful, inclusive and diverse services for them, aiming to create a bright digital future where everyone equally benefits from technological innovations.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 17

Unleashing the Power of Innovation
vivo has always been committed to user-oriented innovation, with design and technology at the heart of our advancements. We emphasize long-term development in design, photography, systems, and performance, conduct in-depth research on the usage scenarios, continuously refining our products to meet evolving user needs and aesthetic preferences. This commitment drives our ongoing enhancement of technology and craftsmanship, ensuring we deliver the most innovative experiences to our users.

Leading the New Era of Intelligence with "Blue Technology"
In 2023, vivo launched "Blue Technology", including BlueChip, BlueImage3, BlueVolt, BlueLM, and BlueOS. This initiative fully showcases our achievements in technological R&D and strengthens the foundation of vivo's core product competitiveness.

Blue Technology

3BlueImage was released in May 2024.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 18

BlueChip
The BlueChip exemplifies our deep research into core chip technology, showcasing vivo's self-developed imaging chip capabilities. Through the seamless integration of software and hardware design, this innovation delivers enhanced performance and a superior user experience.
Collaborating with MediaTek, vivo has explored the Dimensity 9300 "All Big Core CPU", developing capabilities across eight major areas, including AI, performance, imaging, and gaming. The All Big Core CPU achieves a 40% increase in peak performance while reducing power consumption by 33%, enabling dual-core connectivity between the system on a chip (SoC) and the V3 chip.
The new generation of self-developed imaging chip V3, built using 6nm process technology, enhances energy efficiency ratio by 30% compared to its predecessor. At the same time, the V3 chip introduces the first 4K cinematic portrait mode on Android, which supports skin texture optimization, color processing, and focus switching to create cinema-level visual effects. Users can edit videos, apply filters, and add music post-shoot, providing a richer and more enjoyable experience.

BlueImage
BlueImage is a collection of vivo's self-developed sensor technology, algorithms, and imaging chips. The new BlueImage Algorithm Matrix strengthens our foundational algorithm capabilities from ultra-clear image quality, true color restoration, and enhanced computing acceleration. By advancing our core technologies in portrait and landscape photography, we have upgraded the Hyper-Sense Portrait System and Vast-Sky Night System, improving the quality of mobile portrait and night scene photography. This ensures clearer image quality and makes professional-grade imaging more accessible to a broader range of content creators.
In 2023, vivo and ZEISS launched the Vario-APO-Sonnar macro telephoto lens. This lens, equipped with 200 million ultra-high pixels and APO top-level chromatic aberration control, meets users' diverse demands for telephoto and macro photography. It also possesses DSLR-level CIPA 4.5 anti-shake capabilities, ensuring clear image quality even in challenging shooting scenarios. The X100 Pro became the only product in the mobile phone industry to receive ZEISS APO certification.
To further suppress glare and ghosting4, the newly upgraded ZEISS T* coating, featuring Multi-ALD5 technology, significantly enhances light transmission and greatly reduces light reflection. The reflectivity is reduced by 50% compared to the previous generation ALC coating, allowing for the accurate restoration of the original colors of the scene.

Next-Generation Flagship
Self-Developed BlueImage Sensor Technology
Impressive nighttime imaging

Next-Generation Flagship
Self-Developed BlueImage Algorithm Matrix
Long focal length for clearer distant viewing

Next-Generation Flagship
Self-Developed BlueImage Imaging Chip
Impressive nighttime imaging | Better backlit portraits

4The glare in photos, such as whitening and halo caused by strong light during shooting. 5Atomic Layer/Level Deposition.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 19

BlueLM
vivo's BlueLM covers five self-developed large models with three parameter scales of one billion, ten billion and one hundred billion, effectively addressing core user scenarios. It has received the industry's first 4-Star + Trusted AI Large Model certification from the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT).
We have integrated model capabilities with our system to create the "1+2+N" intelligent system6 experience, delivering advanced intelligent services for both users and developers. Based on the powerful BlueLM, we have introduced two new intelligent products in the vivo ecosystem, Blue Heart Little V and Blue Heart Qianxun, and upgraded to the new Origin OS 4. These innovations contribute to a smarter, more user-friendly, and smoother system experience.  Blue Heart Little V: As vivo's first global intelligent assistant system, it excels in natural
dialogue, information processing, and insightful capabilities. It supports voice, text, and drag-and-drop interactions, offering users with personal assistant intelligent services, including tasks such as writing, semantic search, image creation, and interaction.  Blue Heart Qianxun: It can carry out natural conversations with users and possesses agile capabilities in literary creation, book generation, programming, etc. It will be launched as a public mobile app on major mobile app markets, accessible to all

Android and iOS users, enabling a seamless and user-friendly experience beyond just vivo devices.  Origin OS 4: The new Origin OS 4 introduces a comprehensive upgrade in customization features such as fonts, wallpapers, and screen-off settings, empowering users to create personalized digital spaces. New functionalities include a full-link parking assistant, meeting assistant, and family health manager, along with upgrades to the super power-saving mode and AI offline translation, offering convenient experiences in travel, work, and health scenarios.

vivo's BlueLM has won the industry's first 4-Star + Trusted AI Large Model certification from the CAICT.

New and Upgraded vivo Jovi InCar 4.0 The new vivo Jovi InCar 4.0, powered by BlueLM, boasts enhanced voice interaction capabilities. Users can execute seven commands in navigation, music, and phone scenarios without the need for wake-up voice commands. Additionally, the system allows voice control of the vehicle's display, leading to more streamlined interactions and smarter services, while also enhancing overall driving safety. In 2023, the user base for vivo Jovi InCar expanded dramatically, growing from 40 million to 180 million users, with average daily usage exceeding 80 minutes. This technology has been integrated into over 1,360 vehicle models by more than 100 automotive brands.

BlueLM Matrix

BlueLM 1B
Text Summarlzation

BlueLM 7B
Language Understanding | Text Generation

BlueLM 70B
Rale Play | Q&A | Dialogue

BlueLM 130B
Logical Reasoning | Task Scheduling

BlueLM 175B
Commplex Logical Reasaning Complex Task Scheduling

6The meaning of the "1+2+N" intelligent system is as follows. "1" refers to vivo's self-developed general large model matrix BlueLM. "2" refers to Blue Heart Little V and Blue Heart Qianxun; "N" refers to the efficient, low-cost specialized large models created by developers relying on vivo's industry-first open-sourced 7-billion-parameter BlueLM, the corresponding fine-tuning framework, and the large model development kit BlueKit.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 20

BlueVolt
vivo's BlueVolt combines a new large battery design with advanced software and hardware algorithm optimizations. It focuses on cutting-edge battery technology, meticulous component selection, and foundational power-saving algorithms to provide ultra-long battery life and a fast charging experience. The vivo's Blue Ocean Battery utilizes three key technologies, namely carbon element recombination, laser etching, and pole piece remodeling, achieving high capacity, fast charging, and lightweight design. With the implementation of a 100W dual-core flash charge, core component optimization, and system-level power consumption management, supported by an independent power management chip, the battery discharge efficiency reaches 99.5%. This results in true open-source, energy-saving and efficiency-enhancing capabilities.

BlueOS
vivo's self-developed BlueOS is built around three core attributes: being inherently smarter, smoother, and safer. It is designed to be an intelligent operating system for the AI era.
 Smarter: BlueOS is smarter by leveraging the capabilities of BlueLM, enabling users to interact through voice, images, and gestures, while offering developers new paradigms for application development, such as automatic code writing.
 Smoother: It achieves a smoother experience through its high-performance architectural design, which ensures the efficient allocation and utilization of hardware and software resources. It has made technological breakthroughs in programming languages, system scheduling, frameworks, display, and memory, supporting smooth operation on devices with various configurations.
 Safer: BlueOS is safer as it is the industry's first operating system framework written in the Rust language, addressing security vulnerabilities caused by improper memory use, and ensuring the secure transmission and storage of user data and information.

vivo's self-developed BlueOS
SMARTER SMOOTHER SAFER

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 21

Intellectual Property Protection
To protect the intellectual property of our products and Company, we have established a comprehensive intellectual property protection mechanism. This includes the development of regulations and systems that encompass all R&D team members, such as the Company Intellectual Property Management Manual, Copyright Management Standards, and Intellectual Property Information Resource Management Procedures. These measures are designed to maximize the protection and respect for intellectual property. vivo has established a patent center and multiple teams responsible for the discovery, application, and protection of various intellectual property rights. They also monitor external infringement, combat infringing activities, and safeguard consumer rights.  Incentive/reward mechanism: vivo has established an Intellectual Property Reward System for all
employees, encouraging the development of innovative technologies and ensuring timely protection of intellectual property. Patents are considered a key indicator in employee performance evaluations, with the number of patents directly linked to the promotion and career development of R&D staff, thereby unlocking their innovative potential.

 Training and support: R&D personnel are provided with patent skill training sessions as needed, with the aim to enhance their capabilities in patent application and raise awareness of patent protection.
vivo consistently focused on increasing R&D investment to drive breakthroughs in cutting-edge technology. The Company has made extensive global intellectual property arrangements, building an industry-leading patent portfolio and enhancing its intellectual property assets. As of the end of 2023, vivo had filed over 50,700 patent applications globally and had been granted more than 17,500 patents worldwide.

Accumulative number of patent applications worldwide

2022 2023

over 43,000 over 50,700

Accumulative number of patents granted worldwide

2022

over 14,000

2023

over 17,500

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 22

Promoting Digital Inclusion
vivo has faith in the power of humanity culture, science and technology. As an enterprise that aspires to bring better lives for people with technology, vivo is dedicated to creating a fairer digital world through technological innovation that brings meaningful changes to people's lives.
In 2018, vivo established the vivo AI Global Research Institute. As of the end of 2019, we had assembled a team of over 1,000 artificial intelligence engineers. We have discovered that AI innovation not only improves product experiences but also serves as an extension of human capabilities in areas like vision, hearing, and language, delivering meaningful life enhancements to a wide range of user groups. Recognizing this potential, we continue to invest in AI-related R&D. By understanding the needs of users across various life and work scenarios, we strengthen our technological capabilities and persist in designing, developing, and iterating products and features. This allows users to perceive the world in new ways, improve communication, embrace the digital world, and experience the beauty of life.
Seeing Beauty with AI
We believe that no detail is too small when it comes to seeing beauty. In 2023, we launched two visual aid products for the first time, "vivo Sight" and "vivo Score Reading", and fully upgraded our screen reading feature, Talk Back, to help users with visual needs see the world better and enjoy the simple joys of everyday life.
Over the past five years, vivo has engaged deeply with users to understand their needs through research surveys and accessible online and offline activities in areas such as dialect recognition, natural voice simulation, and hazardous environment perception. Our team has transformed up to 100 core requirements collected from these interactions into more than 40 functional items, leading to the implementation of over 10 new product features in 2023. From the early stages of product feature development, vivo incorporates system experience testing and invites users to try out various functions and provide genuine feedback, continuously improving and enhancing user experience.

vivo Sight
"vivo Sight" is the industry's first AI visual aid product, powered by vivo's advanced self-developed BlueLM multimodal large model. This innovative technology has been upgraded to assist visually impaired users in "seeing" the world better.
"vivo Sight" supports four core functions: environmental description, image-based Q&A, object search, and assistance in portrait/document photography. By leveraging the AI-based environmental Q&A based on self-developed BlueLM multimodal large model and its leading fine-grained image description capabilities, "vivo Sight" enables users to perceive their surroundings in a more natural, detailed, and seamless manner.  Environmental description: Providing a concise summary of the environment, main subjects, actions,
spatial relationships, and other key features to help users better understand the content of the image.  AI-based environmental Q&A: Providing detailed information through multi-round dialogues, allowing
users to better perceive their surrounding environment and objects.  Real-time recognition: Supporting the recognition of 500+ types of objects and text, QR codes, product
bar codes, common cards and certificates, etc., meeting users' daily identification needs.  Document and card photography assistance: When visually impaired users are photographing
documents or cards, the system provides voice guidance to help them position the target correctly. It offers prompts on how to adjust the phone's placement and informs the user when the document or card is centered, enabling a quick, complete, and clear capture.  Portrait photography assistance: When visually impaired users take portraits, the system describes the scene, suggests optimal shooting angles, and helps them capture moments, such as documenting their children's growth.  Object search: Users can set a specific object they need to find, and when the object appears in the camera's view, the user will be alerted.

40+ 100+

10+

Our team collected up to 100 core requirements and transformed them into more than 40 functional items, with over 10 product features implemented in 2023.

vivo Sight - Portrait photography assistance

vivo Sight - Document and card photography assistance

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 23

vivo Score Reading
"vivo Score Reading" is the world's only free mobile app designed specifically for visually impaired users. It utilizes state-of-the-art AI technology for music score recognition and reading. By playing and reciting music scores, "vivo Score Reading" enables visually impaired users to access and enjoy the experience of learning music. As of the end of 2023, "vivo Score Reading" had incorporated a total of 596 pieces, covering classical music pieces and basic piano practice scores.  Score playback: The playback speed is adjustable and users with low vision can enlarge the notation for
easier reading.  Score reading: When combined with Talk Back, it provides different levels of score presentation, allowing
users to read by notes, beats, measures, or loop playback of customized content.  Voice command: Users can send voice commands to the app for tasks such as reading music information
or looping playback.  Creating scores by listening: The app assists users in converting piano music into piano staff notation
using AI technology.

Talk Back
The Talk Back screen reading feature has been optimized and upgraded for increased system compatibility. It now supports not only individual high-frequency application modules but also over a hundred proprietary modules across the entire system, enabling users to access more functions.
We have also made significant advancements in speech synthesis technology. The response time for single and continuous sliding has been reduced by 13ms and 110ms. Audio playback can now be interrupted during continuous sliding, and the speed adjustment has been enhanced from a maximum of 2x to 4x, making the text-to-speech experience more natural and fluid. Additional improvements to enhance user experience include:  Audio guidance: A new directional voice prompt has been added to the fingerprint entry
process,making it faster and easier for users to log in and access features.  Image description: A new feature has been integrated into the camera and photo album, providing
descriptions of images to help users better understand the content of the scene and experience the world through the lens.

vivo Score Reading - Score reading by notes, beats, measures, etc.

 
Talk Back - Audio guidance and image description

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 24

Technology for the Hearing-Impaired
In 2023, vivo achieved a new technological breakthrough in addressing hearing impairment, combining the AI intelligent dual-microphone noise reduction technology and a voice recognition RMT7 algorithm. This innovation supports system-level multi-scenario customization and is applied in auditory assistance products such as vivo Listening & Speaking, Barrier-free Call, Sign Language Interpreter, and Sound Recognition, providing users with more intelligent interaction and a smoother application experience in various scenarios.
"Sound Recognition" Assisting in Perceiving the Environment To assist hearing-impaired users in recognizing important environmental sounds, vivo utilizes smart device technology to promptly send notifications to users, helping them better perceive their surroundings. In 2023, vivo upgraded the capabilities for recognizing the sounds of baby cries, car horns, and smoke alarms. The recognition distance for baby cries is three meters; in roadside scenarios, the recognition distance for car horns is seven meters with a 97% detection rate; the recognition distance for smoke alarm is five meters, with a detection rate of 96%.
"vivo Listening & Speaking" and "Barrier-free Call" Enable Easy Conversations "vivo Listening & Speaking" and "Barrier-free Call" are designed to support voice-to-text conversion across various communication scenarios, including face-to-face interactions, telephone/video calls, and WeChat, effectively bridging communication barriers. We are continuously advancing technologies and algorithms to enhance these tools, focusing on reducing power consumption, improving memory efficiency, and increasing transcription accuracy. We aim to achieve functionalities such as conversation record retrieval, long-distance voice recognition, voice recognition in noisy environments, and recognition of non-standard Mandarin, ultimately reducing the impact of environmental factors on voice recognition.

"Sign Language Interpreter" Enhances Communication Efficiency In response to the urgent needs of the deaf community, we have launched "Sign Language Interpreter", the world's first product to support Chinese sign language recognition. This innovative tool converts sign language gestures into spoken text and can also recognize speech in real-time, translating it into sign language and text. This significantly enhances communication efficiency for the deaf community. "Sign Language Interpreter" can recognize approximately 1,200 sign language terms with an accuracy rate of above 80%, enabling basic conversations between deaf individuals and others. Additionally, the sign language synthesis technology covers over 8,000 vocabularies from the national general dictionary, achieving smooth translation from text to sign language.
We have added an accessible products section within the vivo Lounge exhibition area, showcasing our research achievements in the development of accessible products. Additionally, we continue to foster external cooperation and exchanges. In 2023, we participated in 16 information accessibility events, including the China Mobile Industry Event Conference, China Digital Technology Ecosystem Conference, and Information Accessibility Forum. Our active participation in the accessibility industry contributes to the ongoing development and application of accessibility technologies.
In 2023, we received the Innovation Achievement Award in the "2022-2023 Information Accessibility Innovative Achievement Cases" organized by the China Braille Press and the China Cultural and Information Service Center for the Visually Impaired. vivo's accessibility solutions were recognized with the Technology Breakthrough Award in the "Outstanding Cases of Accessible Information". Talk Back, "vivo Sight", and "vivo Score Reading" were awarded the Information Accessibility Inspection Certificate issued by the China Association of the Persons with Visual Disabilities, China Braille Library, and the China Telecommunication Technology Labs-Terminals of the CAICT.

Car horn recognition rate

2022 2023

90% 97%

Smoke alarm recognition rate

2022 2023

89% 96%

Real-time Text.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 25

Convenient Digital World for the Elderly
vivo continuously develops phones that are more elderly oriented and have conducted the transformation of basic applications such as visual enhancement, auditory enhancement, touch delay and elderly-oriented interfaces. In addition, we have equipped our phones with features specifically designed for the elderly, including a voice assistant, screen reading capabilities, remote assistance, emergency applications, emergency medical information, and a simple mode. These initiatives aim to help elderly users integrate into the digital age and enjoy a smart, connected life.
Simple Mode
In 2023, we continued to explore the application of elderly-oriented intelligent technology in mobile devices, fully upgrading the user interface. This includes enhancing desktop application icons, ringtones, and fonts, and intelligently enabling the handwriting mode. These improvements ensure that our devices are easier to use for the elderly and other users with specific needs.
Care Upgrading
We enhance various capabilities of family care scenarios, including elderly care, health care, location sharing, family sharing, care services, safety incident alerts, and shared services, making it easier to share family dynamics in real-time. In 2023, we introduced eight new features tailored specifically for elderly users.  Elderly care: Integrating elderly-oriented features into the system, offering one-
click zooming to simplify screen interactions.  Health care: Combining the interesting virtual human to easily and efficiently
understand family members' health data and abnormalities.  Location sharing: Sharing real-time locations with family, setting safe arrival
location alerts, and keeping up to date with family members' whereabouts.  Family sharing and care service: Supporting remote assistance to help family
members operate devices with ease.  Safety incident alerts: Promptly informing family members about safety
incidents and providing assistance.  Shared services: Providing shared albums, family cloud storage, Child Care, and
other shared services to bring users closer to their families.

Presenting a Clear World
In 2023, the proportion of individuals aged 60 and above reached 21.1% of the total population, reflecting a significant demographic shift. As people age, their visual acuity tends to decline, making them more susceptible to conditions such as macular degeneration and cataracts, with incidences ranging from 10% to 50% and 20% to 80%, respectively. These conditions markedly impair the ability of the elderly to perceive colors and brightness, compromising the visual experience of middle-aged and elderly people. vivo collaborated with a team from Taiyuan University of Technology to launch the first color mode tailored for this demographic, leveraging the phone's optical features and color image enhancement algorithms. Human factor tests conducted by the China National Institute of Standardization (CNIS) showed that the user's response time to colors was reduced from 112.74 to 83.48 seconds, while the accuracy of color recognition increased from 94% to 98%. In 2023, vivo X100 had received the industry's first SGS certification for elderlyoriented colors8.

8
New elderly-oriented features were added

Lens in different ages

Simulating the visual perspective of people over 60

25

50

65

75

Gradual yellowing with decreased light transmission

Visual perspective of the Elderly Color Mode

8The SGS certification for elderly-oriented colors is a standard certification developed in collaboration between SGS and an expert team from the China National Institute of Standardization. It quantifies how much a product is suitable for elderly users based on the elderly-oriented color index.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 26

Care for Minors
Mobile phones and tablets are common and efficient tools for socializing, learning, and exploring. While striving to improve lives through technological innovation, vivo is equally committed to finding solutions that ensure the safe and responsible use of electronic products by minors. This includes enhancing the management of online games and social features to prevent Internet addiction and cyber-violence, and continuously optimizing official applications including the "Kids Mode," "Child Care," and "Learning Center" to help parents guide their children to develop healthy device usage habits.
Safeguarding a Clear Cyberspace
Strictly abiding by the Regulation on the Protection of Minors in Cyberspace, we prioritize the physical and mental health needs of minors in our product design. By enhancing the management of online games and social functions, we advocate for the healthy and rational use of electronic products among minors, preventing Internet addiction. Moreover, we provide a "Minors Mode" and dedicated libraries for minors in our audio and video modules, effectively filtering out inappropriate content and helping minors develop positive values.  Age labeling: Every available game's age rating is clearly displayed on the game details page,
helping guardians select suitable games and protecting the rights and interests of underage users.  Management of online games: We block the push of games that violate social morals, such as
horror games, to safeguard minors' mental health. vivo strictly follows the Notice of Preventing Minors from Indulging in Online Games, the Notice of Further Imposing Strict Administrative Measures to Prevent Minors from Becoming Addicted to Online Games, and other policies and requirements. We implement various measures to prevent minors from becoming addicted to online games. The real name used in the game has been integrated into the National Press and Publication Administration's real-name verification system to prevent addiction to online games. Users who have not registered and logged in with their real names cannot enjoy game services. For users whose real-name authentication information identifies them as minors, they can only play for a limited time in a certain period and spend a limited amount of money on network games stipulated by relevant policies, effectively controlling the behavior of minor players.  Social function management: To protect minors from cyber-violence, we have implemented features such as blocking unfamiliar users, restricting friend requests, prohibiting strangers from sending private messages, and disabling comments from others in information dissemination and social scenarios.

Fostering Healthy Use of Electronic Products
vivo continuously optimizes two of our official apps, "Kids Mode" and "Child Care." In 2023, it focused on fixing management and control vulnerabilities in the vision system, small windows, and other functions. It also introduced a vision protection mode to improve intelligent recognition of the distance to the user's eyes and provide sitting posture reminders. These efforts have provided higher quality electronic product solutions to support a better life and learning experience for children.
Kids Mode The "Kids Mode" is designed for preschool and elementary school children, helping parents provide their children with a safe, healthy, and controlled environment for mobile phone use, while also safeguarding guardians' privacy and property with special passwords. - Intelligent phone use management: This feature allows guardians to set application usage time limits and monitor usage over the past seven days. It also includes intelligent screen light adjustments, posture reminders, and environment brightness reminders to promote healthy phone habits for children. - Rich, healthy, and diverse content: The system recommends age-appropriate content and collaborates with partners to provide a variety of educational materials, making learning more fun for children.

Child Care By connecting children's vivo mobile phones with their guardians' devices, "Child Care" ensures a healthy and safe mobile phone environment for children while fostering good device usage habits. - Rational mobile phone use: The "Child Care" APP allows guardians to manage various aspects of their child's device. This includes setting daily usage periods and durations, allocating time for individual apps, and controlling which apps can be installed or uninstalled. - Safeguard: Guardians can monitor their child's mobile phone usage through "Child Care" APP, including duration, frequently used applications, and geographic locations, allowing them to stay informed about their child's activities and growth.

The "Child Care" APP Function

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 27

Following vivo Pad, the industry's first tablet device to receive the Minor Functional Certification, vivo Pad Air received the Certificate of Functionality for Child and Youth Protection in Mobile Terminal9 issued by the TL Certification Center (TLC) in 2023. It also received the TV Rheinland Low Blue Light Certification for its protection of children's vision health.
Protecting Minors' Privacy
Protecting minors' privacy is a priority for vivo. For children under 14, it has formulated the Standards for the Compliance Management of Children's Personal Information (Domestic Sales) to strictly regulate the use of children's data for internal business. In modules that process minors' information, we provide users with the Agreement on Processing Children's Personal Information or Parental Consent, along with rapid response channels to ensure transparent and controlled handling of minors' data. We have established a management and control process for personal information across the lifecycle, covering multiple stages in the entire chain such as data collection, storage, transmission, use, sharing, and destruction. By using risk assessments, encrypted storage, data desensitization, access approval mechanisms, and usage restrictions, we ensure the safe and legal processing of minors' personal information. In addition, we reinforce our data security defenses through periodic drills and emergency response process mechanisms and build a comprehensive framework to protect minors' personal information.
Promoting Healthier Life with Technology
vivo is committed to promoting technological innovation for the benefit of society. By harnessing cutting-edge technologies and smart wearable devices, vivo empowers individuals to adopt healthier lifestyles and improve their health management.

with world-class professional equipment for physiological research, as well as medical-grade gold-standard devices and various sports/training equipment, facilitating research and testing of wearable products in different sports scenarios.  Professional data collection: vivo conducts extensive professional data collection by
inviting internal employees and various user groups to participate in the development of sports features in the laboratory. These activities take place across a wide range of sports scenarios, addressing challenges such as limited testing environments and insufficient test subjects. This approach significantly enhances research precision and provides valuable data for the development of product algorithms and the pre-research of new features, enhancing the product's user experience and application value. As of May 2024, the vivo Sports Health Laboratory collected over 37,000 pieces of data.  Collaboration with top institutions: vivo has established long-term, stable partnerships with leading domestic and international institutions such as Zhejiang University to conduct specialized research and feasibility analysis of new technologies in exercise physiology and biomechanics. These collaborations aim to deepen our understanding of the impact of sports on health and to provide a scientific basis for the development of effective and well-informed sports health programs.  Research result application: The research results have been applied to numerous health algorithms (self-developed algorithms for heart rate, blood oxygen, electrocardiogram, body temperature, etc.) and sports algorithms (badminton, table tennis, sit-ups, etc.), and have been featured in various smart wearable products including vivo TWS 3 Pro, vivo WATCH 3, vivo WATCH 3 ECG, vivo Watch GT, iQOO WATCH, and iQOO WATCH GT.

Sports Health Laboratory
In 2022, vivo established the vivo Sports Health Laboratory. It covers various aspects including wearable product algorithm research and testing, sports solution evaluation, ergonomics in sports health scenarios, and end-to-end verification of sports health features. This lab plays a crucial role in supporting professional product development through technical pre-research. It comprises three specialized teams and is equipped
9The China Telecommunication Technology Labs test and verify products in terms of application management, time management, audio protection, remote setting, and monitoring as per the Technical Requirements for Minors Protection of Mobile Terminals. Only products that meet the technical requirements for minors protection will be certified.

vivo Pad Air received the Certificate of Functionality for Child and Youth Protection in Mobile Terminal issued by the TLC.
vivo Pad Air received the TV Rheinland Low Blue Light Certification.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 28

Health Management Applications and Devices
 The "Health" App added over 100 premium health courses, ranging from beginner to advanced levels, offering professional fitness guidance. Additionally, a new health care component has been introduced to monitor the health status of family members online.
 vivo WATCH 3 has upgraded its multi-channel star ring health monitoring feature with the addition of a professional AI running coach. This feature provides all-weather monitoring of heart rate, blood oxygen levels, sleep, and stress, ensuring users maintain their basic health.
 vivo TWS 3 Pro is equipped with a high-precision dedicated temperature sensor that supports contactless temperature monitoring. It can promptly alert users to pay attention to their health when their body temperature deviates from the normal range.
Headphone Noise Reduction
vivo TWS4 noise-canceling earphones support ultra-deep and ultra-wide frequency noise reduction, with a maximum noise reduction depth of 55dB, and can eliminate up to 99.8% of everyday noise; they also support AI intelligent wind noise resistance, effectively reducing wind noise in sports mode. They have received the highest A+ noise reduction certification from the China Audio Industry Association (CAIA).

Eye Health
vivo combines hardware and software modes for eye protection. We use 2,160Hz high-frequency dimming to minimize the risk of invisible screen flickering. Its anti-fatigue brightness curve automatically adjusts brightness subtly over time, helping to alleviate visual fatigue during extended use. When the eye protection mode is activated, the proportion of harmful blue light in the mobile phone screen's visible light is reduced from 6.5% to 4.1%, significantly lower than the 10.2% blue light level commonly emitted by conventional computer monitors.

100+
The "Health" App added premium health courses

We have equipped our phones with four eye protection modes: smart eye protection, ultra-high frequency PWM dimming, sleep mode, and anti-fatigue brightness adjustment, enhancing the visibility of the screen while ensuring comfort for the eyes.  Smart eye protection: This mode provides real-time detection and intelligent filtering of blue light, preventing eye fatigue
while minimizing image distortion by 12%. The Night Owl Eye Protection feature enhances screen visibility and comfort in low-light environments, improving nighttime comfort by 10.9%.  Ultra-high frequency PWM dimming: With 2,160Hz dimming support for both low and high brightness levels, this mode minimizes low-frequency flicker with a minimum SVM flicker value of 0.03, protecting sensitive eyes.  Sleep mode: This mode intelligently adjusts the screen color temperature according to the user's circadian rhythm. At night, the screen gradually shifts to a warmer tone, increasing melanin concentration by 25% to improve sleep quality.  Anti-fatigue brightness adjustment: This feature intelligently adjusts screen brightness over time to aid the movement of the eye's ciliary muscle, reducing visual fatigue by 11.5% and alleviating eye strain.

Smart eye protection

12%
Minimizing image distortion by

10.9%
Improving nighttime comfort by

Sleep mode
25%
Increasing melanin concentration by

Four Eye Protection
Modes

Ultra-high frequency PWM dimming
0.03
Minimum SVM flicker of
Anti-fatigue brightness adjustment
11.5%
Reducing visual fatigue by

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 29

Product Safety and Reliability

Secure and reliable products are the cornerstone for us to gain users' trust. vivo is committed to continuous technological innovation. We strive to enhance the convenience and quality of life for the public while upholding our commitment to product safety. We keep improving the product safety assurance system in terms of organization, system, process, technology, and standards. At the same time, we adhere to the bottom line of "transparency and control, on-device intelligence, and data minimization" to strengthen our cybersecurity and privacy protection system.
Product Quality and Safety
vivo adheres to the management concept that "quality is the baseline of products." We have strengthened our quality management system, implemented stringent quality standards, and prioritized areas such as battery safety, radiation safety, and ear health to ensure a safer and more reliable product experience for our users.
Quality Management
vivo insists on creating value by ensuring quality, focusing on quality management during the product manufacturing process. We have established the "digital intelligence+" management model, optimizing and integrating resources across multiple platforms in data analysis applications, integrated product development, and intelligent manufacturing. This approach strengthens our capabilities across R&D, supply chain, manufacturing, branding, sales, and service, comprehensively enhancing our process control to ensure high-quality supply and services. To further improve product quality, we have held multiple quality and safety training sessions for all new hires and members within each department, effectively improving the level of quality management.
We have implemented inspection for 100% of our production lines, conducting comprehensive functional testing on every product before it leaves the factory. Each material is equipped with a "traceability code," and we record detailed information such as production line positions and time points in our MES10. This enables full-process and full-cycle traceability management, significantly improving the efficiency of our product quality management. We have also maintained the ISO 9001 Quality Management System certification. In 2023, there were no product recalls in the Company.
10Manufacturing Execution System.

Battery Safety
As the cycle of users changing their devices extends and high-power fast charging becomes a widespread technology, we are paying more attention to ensuring the safe use of batteries in the long term. vivo addresses the safety risks and charging hazards associated with aging batteries by optimizing battery design and promoting battery replacement, among other measures. We have established more rigorous battery safety standards than the mandatory national standards, imposing stricter demands on our own battery safety management to comprehensively ensure the electrical safety of our users.
Battery Use Safety We are committed to enhancing the innovative safety design of our products and encouraging users to actively manage their battery health, ensuring that consumers can use our products safely, correctly, and with peace of mind.  Safety design:By restructuring the internal battery system and adopting a
specialized safety design, we have improved the battery's resistance to compression and puncture, providing enhanced protection in special scenarios.  Battery health management: We have independently developed a battery health algorithm supporting smart charging while considering factors such as battery temperature and lifespan to intelligently slow down battery aging. We also provide information on safe usage and device maintenance on the operating system and official website, helping users to operate their devices safely and effectively, thereby extending battery life.  Promoting the replacement of old batteries:To maintain device performance, we offer discounted prices for battery replacements, encouraging users to replace aging batteries in a timely manner.
Battery Transportation Safety We focus on battery transportation safety and have obtained the IATA's CEIV certification, ensuring the safety and reliability of batteries during transportation.

0
Number of product recalls
100%
Product testing coverage

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 30

Radiation Safety
The vivo Central Laboratory is equipped with specialized equipment for Electro Magnetic Compatibility (EMC), Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), and Radio Frequency (RF) testing, ensuring our capability to assess product radiation safety and comply with global radiation safety standards. The laboratory has obtained qualifications from domestic and foreign authoritative institutions, including CNAS, TV Rheinland, Qualcomm, and ST. The laboratory is an active member of several leading global terminal equipment standard organizations, where it plays a role in improving standards, advancing technology, driving product innovation, and contributing to the high-quality development of the industry.
Ear Health
vivo has integrated a high-volume alert into all its products and adjusts the earphone sound pressure to ensure a high-quality acoustic experience that also protects users' hearing. To further enhance sound pressure control, we established the vivo Audio Laboratory, which has received national accreditation from the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS), focusing on the research of sound pressure control and providing solid protection for ear safety technology.

Cybersecurity and Privacy Protection
vivo is dedicated to developing safe and reliable digital products and services, with the goal of creating a secure digital environment and safeguarding consumers' fundamental rights and interests. Ensuring security and compliance is a top priority for our artificial intelligence (AI) initiatives. To this end, we have implemented a new security management system for our AI operations, designed to enhance consumer privacy protection across business content security, user security compliance, and data collection management. In 2023, vivo received no substantiated complaints or confirmed incidents of data breaches.
Perfecting the Security and Privacy Protection System
Data security and user privacy protection are vivo's top priorities. The Network Information Security and User Privacy Protection Committee (SPC), as the Company's highest management body, approves and oversees the implementation of our network information security and privacy protection strategies, and reports directly to the Company's Management Committee. We have established a dedicated security and privacy department and appointed a director of security compliance, with clearly defined responsibilities and functions. These efforts aim to enhance product security and mitigate business security risks.
Considering industry practices and the Company's status, we have formulated the "PROTECT" security and privacy protection technology strategy, guiding our security initiatives. Moreover, we have intensified research and investment in security technology, allowing us to effectively meet our security and privacy goals.
Practicing 3 Privacy Protection Principles
Based on continuous analysis of users' privacy and security demands, vivo has implemented the optimized 3 privacy protection principles. Guided by these principles, security and privacy requirements are embedded into every stage of our Integrated Product Development (IPD) process, ensuring a comprehensive product lifecycle. Our aim is to protect user data at all points of data circulation and in every aspect of the user experience, thereby guaranteeing the quality and security of our final products and services.  Principle 1 Transparent and ControlWe have upgraded and optimized over 50 of our self-developed
applications to demonstrate application behaviors. These enhancements include introducing application behavior records, a privacy dashboard, and pop-up ad management features, which are designed to enhance users' data management capabilities. We have also made significant progress in adapting and rationalizing permissions in over 80 self-developed modules. This ensures users are well-informed about permission usage and can make reasonable choices.  Principle 2 On-Device IntelligenceWe have performed on-device identification and processing of more than 70 phone functions involving sensitive data, providing users with a smart living experience and enhanced data security.  Principle 3 Data MinimizationWe are advancing the work to replace permanent equipment identifiers (IMEI) with complementary identifiers to reduce unnecessary IMEI data collection, thereby conforming to the principle of data minimization.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 31

Fostering Security and Privacy Culture
Articulating data security and privacy compliance, vivo provides a range of security and compliance empowerment training programs to raise awareness and promote the Company's security culture among all employees. In 2023, we conducted 71 training sessions covering topics such as internal security and compliance certifications, security and privacy publicity week, and boutique security classes. These sessions spanned 14 specialized areas and engaged a total of 5,756 participants from 52 different departments.
Security and Privacy Publicity Week In September 2023, vivo launched the Security and Privacy Publicity Week 2023 campaign. Through online and offline events, it communicated to employees the Company's strategic security and privacy protection values, helped them learn security compliance standards, strengthened their product security sensitivity, and raised their awareness of security and privacy protection. More than 1,200 employees from nine factory areas participated in the campaign, showing a satisfaction rate of 92%.
Privacy Management by Partners
vivo has formulated the Management Regulations on the Risks of vivo Supplier Data Protection and Privacy Compliance, rigorously defining how suppliers must manage privacy compliance. Before forming any partnership, we conduct a comprehensive risk assessment of suppliers to verify that they have adequate management and technical measures in place to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction. Suppliers that pass this assessment must sign a contract or data processing agreement that clearly outlines their data protection responsibilities and obligations. We also conduct regular reviews of suppliers' practices to ensure they maintain compliance with our standards.

Creating a Secure Cyber Ecology
vivo is constantly exploring reliable solutions for product security. Utilizing innovative technologies like the kMirrors Memory Safety Analysis Platform, the kMirror Trusted Engine, and security chips, it is actively developing a secure and reliable ecology to comprehensively protect user privacy.

71 sessions
Security compliance training
5,756
Security compliance training participants

kMirror Memory Safety Analysis Platform
At the vivo Developer Conference 2023, we introduced the kMirrors Memory Safety Analysis Platform. This innovative platform is designed to enhance our ability to detect memory security issues and improve the efficiency of addressing these problems. Utilizing a self-developed framework and advanced detection technologies, the kMirror platform can efficiently and accurately identify common memory errors such as integer overflow, type errors, out-of-bounds (OOBs), and use-after-free (UAF). It also detects potential memory leaks and provides real-time analysis and detailed reports to help developers proactively identify and mitigate security risks.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 32

kMirror Trusted Engine
In 2023, we upgraded the kMirror Trusted Engine in Origin OS 4 to empower Internet manufacturers and developers. This upgrade has significantly enhanced our capabilities in identifying risks related to device protection and data security. As of the end of 2023, the kMirror Trusted Engine protected over 88 million users and detected more than 9 million fraud risks.

vivo also launched the kMirror Trusted Engine ability

open program, sharing its three major abilities with

more developers and partners to foster a reliable

security ecology.

 Fraud risk detection: Leveraging the kMirror Trusted

Engine+ ability, we perform typical fraud risk feature

recognition. In collaboration with third parties, we

synchronize comprehensive risk measurement results

with partners, enabling risk alerts and interception in

scenarios such as third-party payments or lending, thereby safeguarding users' assets.  Device risk detection: The kMirror Trusted Engine

Product manual

vivo won the award of Outstanding Scientific and
Technological Achievement for2023

generates security scores through comprehensive calculations across various levels and dimensions.

Partners can use these risk scores to customize business logic interactions for different scenarios.

 Real device activity calculation: The engine helps determine user status on the business side, identifying

whether a user is using a backup device or involved in cybercrimes or illegal activities, thereby enabling

efficient pop-up verifications.

At Amazon Web Services 2023, we released our first kMirror Trusted Engine Product Manual, detailing the principles, features, application scenarios, and usage of the kMirror Trusted Engine. At the China International Big Data Industry Expo 2023, the kMirror Trusted Engine won the award of Outstanding Scientific and Technological Achievement for 2023.

Security Chips
vivo has consistently focused on advancing research in chip and kernel protection technology. The secure chip, as a trusted root entity, boasts stronger and more secure trusted root capabilities. It features an independent processor isolated from the main operating system, a hardware encryption and decryption engine module, a hardware TRNG11 module, and independent OTP12 This includes support for hardware-level root keys and hardware-encrypted data storage, significantly boosting the basic security of device systems. In 2023, we upgraded our business flagship model with chip-level protection, providing hardware-level encryption for accounts and passwords. Further, we will provide a solid "root" for user data protection.
SPU security chip

11True Random Number Generator. 12One Time Password.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 33

Security Ecology Interconnectivity
To contribute to a thriving cybersecurity ecology, vivo hosted the kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons and participated in key events such as the 2023 Security Development Conference (SDC), GEEKCON, FCIS, INCLUSION Security Sub-section, and the AWS AIGC Forum. Our active engagement has fostered significant exchanges on cybersecurity within the industry.
In 2023, vivo led the organization of the TC11 (Mobile Internet Application and Terminal Technical Committee) meeting, which garnered considerable attention from the industry. More than 100 experts participated, including representatives from the China Communications Standards Association, the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology, terminal manufacturers, and Internet manufacturers. During the meeting, vivo shared our experiences and practices in device-side security and the development of a trusted ecology.
vivo firmly believes that collaboration is key to strengthening and achieving security. In terms of terminal security and privacy protection, vivo actively advises the industry and invests in developing, promoting, and applying various technical standards. This commitment ensures that the industry can offer users safe and reliable products and services. As of the end of 2023, vivo had led or participated in the creation of over 200 information security standards, playing a significant role in industry standardization.

National standards

Industry standards

Group standards

Drawing on its security expertise, we work alongside industry peers to build a comprehensive mobile terminal security ecology. At the ITU-T SG17 meeting of the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), two international standards for smart terminal security led by vivo were launched. These were the first ITU-T standards in this area, filling a crucial gap and setting new benchmarks for smart terminal security.
vivo is dedicated to improving our security governance and product security quality by adopting industry best practices and authoritative standards. In terms of software building security, we integrate security requirements throughout the entire R&D lifecycle, supported by multiple systems, processes, tools, and organizational measures to ensure the effective implementation of security activities. Additionally, we engage in third-party assessments through the BSIMM13 framework to identify security vulnerabilities and continuously improve our software security, maintaining our leadership in this area. In terms of product and

service security, we have received recognition from numerous authoritative organizations worldwide. We have obtained various stringent security and privacy protection certifications, including CSA STAR, ioXt, ISO/ IEC 27001, ISO/IEC 27701, ISO/IEC 27018, TRUSTe, ePrivacyseal, and the Level-5 Security Competency Assessment of China Telecommunication Technology Labs. In 2023, vivo X Fold2 passed the latest version of CC MDFPP security certification, becoming the world's first folding screen model to receive the V3.3 version of the certification.

Security features for assessment of mobile terminal security

Security guidelines for mobile terminal vintegrity protection

kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons The kMirror Security Lab Technology Salons are centered on the current hot security issues within the industry such as device-side trusted measurement, anti-fraud attack and defense, and ecological risk governance. Security experts from Ant Group, Meituan, JD Technology, and other companies are brought together for in-depth exchanges, practice sharing, and collaboration to create a security ecology. In 2023, two sessions were held, which were attended by over 30 companies, reached an audience of 135,000, and achieved a 100% satisfaction rate among participants.

Exchanges at security industry summits We always pay attention to cutting-edge technology and developments in the security area, engage in industry exchanges on security and privacy, and closely interconnect and interact with all sectors. In 2023, vivo attended SDC and FCIS to share on multiple security and privacy-related topics and demonstrated vivo's exploration and research in security attack and defense as well as security engineering.

13Building Security In Maturity Model.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 34

Whole-Hearted Customer Service
User satisfaction is a core commitment for vivo. We strive to deliver professional, convenient, and attentive service, prioritizing user experience in everything we do. We value every interaction with our users, approach each concern with patience, and diligently work to resolve issues. Our goal is to earn and maintain long-term trust through our continuous dedication and effort.
Optimizing Service Experiences
We have established and continuously improved our compliance system for customer service, covering external statements, system tools, personnel training, and business management. To fully ensure the compliance of our global operations, we have set up five business centers that manage everything from business scenario analysis to practical implementation. We continue to refine our compliance management systems such as the Global Customer Service Privacy Policy, the Personal Information Protection Management Standards for Domestic Customer Return Products, and the Personal Information Protection Management Standards for Export Customer Return Products to enhance the compliance management of customer service. In 2023, vivo conducted two compliance training sessions, covering 4,192 employees, and carried out five compliance inspections, identifying 12 risk issues, with an issue closure rate of 100%.
We have formulated and implemented various domestic and international customer service management systems, including the Standards and Management Methods for Post-Sale Services at Sales Terminals, the Flexible Authorization Scheme for Customer Service Centers in the Chinese Market, the International Warranty service policy and operation process specification, and the Multiple Countries Warranty service policy and operation process specification V1.0 to further improve customer service standards. In 2023, vivo received a 5-star SGS Certificate for " Evaluation system for after-sales service of commodity".
We enhance customer service comprehensively from multiple perspectives by improving the quality of after-sales service, enhancing user communication mechanisms and building our team's service capabilities.  Improving Service Quality This year, we conducted quality assessments on service outlets worldwide according to the Chinese Market After-Sales Service Evaluation Methods, Overseas Market After-Sales Service Quality Assessment Methods, and Overseas Market After-Sales Service Operations Assessment Regulations. We promptly identified and addressed any deficiencies in the service process, further reinforcing service standards across various channels, including sales terminals, service outlets, and retail enterprise WeChat platforms, to enhance the overall quality of after-sales service.

 Multi-channel Response We offer multiple channels for user communication, including self-service options, online customer support, service hotlines, and customer service centers. Our dedicated customer service teams are committed to promptly addressing user needs and providing timely feedback, ensuring 100% closed-loop management of customer feedback.  Building Specialized Service Teams To further enhance the professional capabilities of our service teams, we have organized a series of domestic and international training and exchange meetings, These include the China Region Spare Parts Manager Exchange Meeting, Positive Communication Training Meeting, Frontline Managers Capability Enhancement Course, and Enhancing Service Quality through Positive Communication. These efforts are aimed at strengthening the skills and service mindset of our teams, ensuring that we consistently deliver professional, attentive, and high-quality after-sales service experiences to our global users.
We have also conducted product knowledge and service training for agents to better ensure the quality of service. In 2023, vivo conducted nine training sessions for agents, with a total of 11,764 participants.
Positive Communication Training to Promote Quality Service In April 2023, vivo conducted a positive communication training with the theme of Enhancing Service Awareness. We invited senior mentors to provide training courses on enhancing service awareness and strengthening service skills and introduced a user communication interaction model for service centers. This training effectively motivated our customer service teams and enhanced the service capabilities of our frontline personnel.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 35

Diversified Attentive Service
vivo is committed to optimizing its domestic and international service processes, enhancing the quality and efficiency of after-sales services to improve user experience. We offer multiple services to our users and conduct special care service activities, ensuring that our users receive satisfactory and enjoyable service experiences. In 2023, we held 646 "Going Out" service events, with a total of 193,000 participating users. As of December 31, 2023, vivo had a total of 908 service centers in China and over 1,400 service centers overseas, covering 70 countries and regions. vivo continues to provide caring services for elderly users. In 2023, vivo distributed 3,300 printed copies of the Quick Guide to Smartphone Use for Parents, designed to help elderly users quickly and easily become familiar with operating mobile phones through straightforward and easy-to-understand instructions.
Providing Free Services for the Elderly During the Double Ninth Festival, vivo experience centers and customer service centers jointly hosted an anti-fraud event for the elderly, distributing the Quick Guide to Smartphone Use for Parents with the aim of raising awareness about information security among elderly users. We offered free services such as phone cleaning and maintenance, free screen protector application, and malicious software detection for users aged 60 and above. We also assisted in downloading the National Anti-Fraud Center App, comprehensively enhancing the quality of customer service.
14The policy applies to the Y100 and Y28 series. 15The service applies to the V29 series. 16The service applies to the X90 and X90Pro series.

Protection Services  Providing a variety of protection services, including broken screen insurance,
accidental damage insurance, extended warranty, and vivo care.
Characteristic Services  Organizing vivo Service Day, monthly Membership Day, and various other
service activities.  Upgrading the features of the vivo+ mini program, such as queue calling,
shipping for repairs, and store appointments to ensure that users can check service progress and membership benefits in real-time.  Introducing a Four-Year Free Battery Replacement policy14, providing free battery replacements for users who purchase during the pre-sale and initial sales period.
Membership Benefits  Providing a variety of membership benefits, including free screen protector
application, phone maintenance, free shipping for repairs, repair discounts, priority customer service, free inspection, system upgrades, and more.
Convenient Repair  Providing discounted repair service (covering battery, screen, main board, back
cover), mobile phone outer glass repair service, extended service, doorstep service, same-city quick repair, and other special services.  Developing Diagnostic Assistant, Remote Assistance, and Customer Service Assistance tools to facilitate online troubleshooting and resolving some mobile phone issues for users.  Developing a Maintenance Mode that allows users to isolate personal data with one click before repairs, effectively protecting personal privacy from infringement.  Providing multinational joint guarantee15 and international joint guarantee services16.
* Part of the services cover overseas markets.

646
Number of "Going Out" service events held
193,000
Number of users served during the year by the "Going Out" service
1,400+
Number of overseas service centers
70
Number of countries and regions covered by overseas service centers
908
Number of service centers in China (including Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan)

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 36

04
Green Symbiosis
Eco-Friendly Products Green Operation

37

Materials for raw material transport cartons were recycled annually
430 tons
Waste old and broken parts were disposed of globally
288.8 tons
Water saved by the recycling program:
20,338 tons

Clean electricity provided by photovoltaic power generation project in Dongguan park:
4,530 MWh
Carbon emission reduction brought by innovative energy-saving measures: over
4,000 tCO2e

Facing the challenges posed by global climate change and environmental crisis, vivo believes that the destiny of humankind is intricately linked and it is incumbent upon us to protect our planet. We have been implementing green development idea with innovative technology and creative thinking. We constantly explore sustainable product solutions and create quality products with higher environmental value for consumers; at the operational level, we are dedicated to enhancing resource efficiency and reducing environmental pollution by upgrading processes and optimizing management, thereby steadily moving towards a brighter and greener tomorrow.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 38

Eco-Friendly Products
vivo actively practices environmental responsibility, striving to protect earth resources while promoting self green development. We strive to bringing forward more environmentally-friendly products, and with the reference to the circular economy mode and LCA17 , we keep exploring the design and innovation solutions for our products.
vivo's eco-design assessment system in place enables us to comprehensively evaluate the environmental load generated throughout the life cycle of the products. On top of that, we integrate eco-attributes such as ease of recyclability, maintainability, and reusability into product design, to improve the nature-friendliness level of products throughout the life cycle.

In 2023, we continued to optimize our processes and update our technologies, significantly boosting energy efficiency and extending the lifespan of our products. We focused on ensuring reliable performance and improving the user experience while embracing minimalist design principles. We increased our use of recycled and biodegradable materials, thereby reducing resource consumption. Additionally, we explored eco-friendly options for product recycling and disposal, embodying our dedication to green development.

Des ction

ent em
Use and end-

Full lifecycle solutions for vivo's sustainable product

 Design  Improve products' energy efficiency  Try more designs of easy disassembly  Unlock more sustainable material formulas  Seek low-carbon product solutions  Explore more durability solutions
 Production  Avoid using hazardous substances in production  Increase the precious metal recycling and reuse rate  Increase the water and energy resource usage rate  Increase the recycling and reusing rate of industrial waste  Increase the production and usage of renewable energy  Reduce waste to landfill

 Procurement  Select more recyclable/renewable materials  Procure rare materials with a higher recycling rate
 Use and end-of-life disposal  Provide convenient maintenance solutions  Optimize take-back process  Encourage users to participate in the take-back program  Trace deeper at recycling & reusing of key components

17Life Cycle Assessment

ign Procur

Product Lifecycle

of-life disposal

Produ

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 39

Sustainable Design for Extending Product Life
vivo remains dedicated to optimizing product design, improving energy efficiency, and exploring innovative technologies to extend product life and minimize resource use.
Improving Product Durability
We are dedicated to enhancing the durability of our products by exploring the potential of high-performance materials and conducting thorough lifecycle reliability tests in various environments. This commitment not only extends the lifespan of our products but also reduces the need for frequent replacements, providing users with confidence and peace of mind while conserving natural resources.We continue to enhance structural design and material innovation, improving the reliability and durability of our products in aspects such as waterproofing, dustproofing, and impact resistance.  Robust structural design: To effectively ensure a positive user experience in various
environments, we have upgraded the protection levels of all our models from IP54 to IP64 and fully applied the IP68 waterproof and dustproof standard to our flagship models: the X series, S series, and iQOO digital series. This protection ensures that the devices are shielded from dust and moisture, allowing users to use their phones in a variety of environments while maintaining their reliability and durability.  Innovative, more drop-resistant material: After four years of innovative exploration and pre-research on material, the first generation of glass ceramic has been applied to the X Fold3 series. This new material has enhanced the drop resistance of the external screen glass by 10 times compared to previous models. In the future, we will broaden the application of glass ceramic to further enhance product durability.
Improving Product Efficiency
vivo is dedicated to improving product energy efficiency by exploring advanced design solutions and leveraging innovative hardware technology and optimized smart systems. Our goal is to enhance both product performance and energy efficiency.
We utilize iterated and advanced CPU chips and high-efficiency materials for screen manufacturing, incorporating leading energy-efficient OLED18 's PMIC19 , OLED panels, and high-efficiency speakers. The adoption of a more advanced Buck power supply architecture over the traditional Buck+LDO scheme has significantly improved power conversion efficiency and reduced overall device energy consumption. Our software systems are designed for high efficiency and energy savings, focusing on
툾rganic Light-Emitting Diode. 퉀ower Management IC.

user scenarios and application needs. With advanced scenario-based recognition technology, our devices automatically switch to low-power mode during standby, further reducing energy consumption.
Sustainable Materials to Care for Nature
Sustainable materials offer excellent performance while consuming fewer natural resources and energy. They also have greater recycling potential, making them more sustainable. We continuously explore lightweight and material reduction solutions, apply sustainable materials, and create more eco-friendly products.

10 times
Compared to XFold2, the XFold3 external screen glass has improved drop resistance by a factor of
10 tons
Annual use of bio-based PA materials:

Application of New Materials
In 2019, we partnered with industry leaders to develop a low-density bio-based polyamide material derived from plants such as castor. This material has a smaller

80 tons
Annual use of bio-based PC materials:

environmental footprint compared to traditional plastics. In 2023, we integrated

bio-based polyamide materials into the internal components of our iQOO12 and X Fold2

series, with an annual use of about 10 tons. Additionally, we utilized bio-based

polycarbonate materials for card slot structures across all our product lines, with an

annual use of up to 80 tons.

Silicone leather, made from silicon ore instead of petroleum, provides a sustainable alternative to traditional polyurethane (PU)

leather. Its production process is free from organic solvents, significantly reducing volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions.

Silicone leather does not contain plasticizers, heavy metals, or phthalates, and offers benefits such as contamination resistance, easy

cleaning, hydrolysis resistance, aging resistance, and excellent flame retardancy. In 2023, silicone leather had been applied to

products such as iQOO 11, iQOO 11 Pro, and Fold3, with the use of about 3.8 tons of silica gel.

The scope of silicone leather application: iQOO 10 Pro Legend (2022)

2022

iQOO 11, iQOO 11 Pro, Fold3 (2023)

2023

1 styles 3 styles

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 40

Material Recycling
Glass is highly stable and can take centuries to degrade naturally. This continuous buildup of glass waste not only occupies space but also poses environmental hazards. Therefore, recycling and reusing glass helps reduce the exploitation of raw materials (such as silicon dioxide and sodium carbonate), the consumption of natural resources and environmental damage, and the environmental impact and energy use during production.
In 2023, we used recycled glass in the screen covers of 19 models and the battery covers of 9 models, with recycled glass making up 30% of the total glass used.
vivo is committed to turning recyclable waste into valuable production resources, thereby reducing material consumption. Through collaboration with our partners, we launched a project to recycle and reuse aluminum alloys. This initiative focuses on recycling drainage opening materials generated from the production process of die-cast aluminum alloys, increasing the process utilization rate of aluminum alloys to no less than 93%. In 2023, recycled aluminum alloy accounted for 63.2% of the total aluminum used and was applied to 13 phone models in our S, Y, V, and iQOO Z series.

Material Recycling
vivo is committed to exploring and implementing lightweight and material reduction solutions by optimizing the design of both internal and external structures of our mobile devices, thereby reducing the consumption of environmental resources.
Inserts We made the stainless steel inserts for the main board holders of various models thinner and lighter, reducing the thickness from 0.2 mm to 0.15 mm, saving about 4 tons of stainless steel and approximately 14.6 tons of CO2 emissions20. Shields We made the shields on the main boards of all mobile phones thinner and lighter, adjusting the thickness from 0.2 mm to 0.1 mm, saving about 150 tons of copper (50 tons last year), and reducing about 585 tons of CO2 emissions21.

30%
The proportion of recycled glass in the total use of glass:
63.2%
The proportion of recycled aluminum alloy in the use of aluminum alloy materials:
93%
The process utilization rate of aluminum alloy was no less than:

20Estimated based on the average CO2 emission factor (3.65 kg CO2/kg) for stainless steel production disclosed by the World Stainless Association. 21Estimated based on the CO2 emission factor for copper production (3.9 kgCO2/kg) disclosed by the IEA under the reference scenario.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 41

Sustainable Packaging for Moderation and Nature-Friendliness
We prioritize sustainable product material design and packaging. By promoting lightweight designs, utilizing recyclable materials, and reducing plastic usage, we enhance the sustainability of our packaging while maintaining a high-quality user experience.
Transforming Packaging Design to Reduce Weight
Sticking to the principle of sustainable design, we keep optimizing the material selection and structural design to reduce the weight and size of the packaging appropriately.
Adopting More Renewable Materials
vivo prioritize the environmental impact of our packaging materials and continuously explore the use of renewable resources to reduce the environmental burden.  Soy ink application: All of our mobile phone product boxes are printed using
renewable soy ink, reducing reliance on traditional mineral oil inks and lowering emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) during production and use.

 More exploration and application: We are actively exploring sustainable packaging designs for products in the European market. This includes:Ensuring 100% of product packaging uses paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC); Increasing the use of renewable fibers in inner packaging; Implementing fully degradable parchment in phases to replace plastic film, further reducing plastic use.
Reuse of Packaging
To reduce the environmental and resource pressures of disposable cartons, vivo actively collaborates with suppliers to enhance the recycling and reuse of transport packaging materials. In 2023, we achieved a recycling rate of approximately 84% for raw material transport cartons, saving about 430tons of materials annually and effectively reducing material consumption.

84%
The recycling rate of raw material transport cartons: about
430 tons
Saving materials annually: about

Measures to Reduce Packaging Weight

Transport Packaging Weight Reduction

While maintaining durability and safety, we redesigned the composite cardboard used for product transport, achieving a weight reduction of about 20%.

Instruction Manual Weight Reduction

The introduction of electronic instruction manuals marks a new step for vivo in sustainable packaging. First implemented in 2023 for the iQOO cooling back clip and lightning game controller, this change reduced the number of pages in the paper manual from 16 to 222.

Warranty Card Simplification

We simplified the content and optimized the layout of the Warranty Card of Exported Mobile Phones for markets in over 40 countries, significantly reducing the use of paper.

Results Approximately 60 tons of wood used for packaging was saved.
Paper use was reduced by 87.5%22.
For the Chinese and Latin American markets, the number of pages in the warranty card was reduced from 26 to 4, achieving an optimization rate of 84.62%. In Kazakhstan, the number of pages was reduced from 36 to 8, with an optimization rate of 77.78%.

22Data is only applicable to the Chinese market.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 42

Minimizing the Use of Hazardous Substances
vivo strictly adheres to the legal regulations of the market where we operate. We have developed and continuously improved our Environmental Protection Standards for Material Purchasing according to the RoHS directive, REACH regulations, and other standards to control harmful substances in products with higher standards. In 2023, we introduced new control measures for PFHxS, PFCAs (C9-C14), their salts, and related substances. As of the end of 2023, we had identified and restricted 52 types of hazardous substances.
We have established and enhanced our internal management system based on the IECQ QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System to ensure strict control over hazardous substances in our products and materials. For several consecutive years, we have maintained the IECQ QC 080000 Certification.
Our Product Compliance Management (PCM) system is continuously optimized to ensure thorough material verification and efficient system operation. This ensures that our entire product manufacturing process meets vivo's environmental standards, with all materials and auxiliary materials being 100% environmentally certified.
We strive to go beyond regulatory compliance by actively seeking to reduce or replace harmful substances. The traditional process for nut materials contains trace amounts of lead compounds, even though the content meets the regulatory exemption requirements. We proactively worked with our suppliers in 2023 to develop lead-free copper nuts. In 2023, we successfully replaced all nuts in our development projects with those made of lead-free copper, achieving complete deleading.

The total number of old phones recycled via offline stores
2022 311,600
2023 339,000

The total number of old phones recycled via official online channels
2022 439,500
2023 456,000

Practicing More Eco-Friendly End-of-Life Disposal Program
vivo practices the extended producer responsibility system, continuously optimizes the recycling and disposal mechanisms at the end of product life, launches a variety of activities, encourages user participation in the recycling of old and broken parts, avoids landfilling of electronic waste and supports the development of the circular economy.
Optimizing Recycling and Disposal Program
vivo advocates for sustainable development by providing users with a variety of recycling programs to encourage participation in the circular economy.  Trade-in activity: Users can receive additional cash subsidies when they purchase
new vivo/iQOO mobile phones through the platform within a specified period and recycle their old phones. In 2023, more than 70,000 devices were recycled via the trade-in activity on the official website.  Service of repairing and retaining broken parts at a favorable price: Users who agree to send back damaged original parts to the vivo service center can benefit from preferential repair costs. This service covers display screens, main boards, batteries, and battery covers for over 60 models.
In 2023, more than 339,000 old mobile phones were recycled through offline stores in the Chinese market, while over 456,000 were recycled via the official online channel. Additionally, vivo globally recycled and environmentally processed approximately 288.8 tons of waste parts and defective items through its after-sales service stores, recycling over 159 tons of waste electrical and electronic equipment. vivo places a high value on the compliant processing of waste parts, strictly selecting third parties with environmental recycling qualifications worldwide to ensure all waste is processed in compliance, achieving a 100% compliant disposal rate.
Exploring the Recycling Possibility of the Used
vivo actively explores scenarios and feasibility for reusing old and damaged products and components, seeking every opportunity for recycling. For some of these old and damaged devices, we repair them and repurpose them as spare phones for internal services or training purposes. This gives these products a "second mission," extending their lifespan and reducing waste.

100%
Lead-free copper replacement rate for the nuts in our development projects:
52
The number of hazardous substance types in 2023
100%
vivo's recycling and compliant disposal rate of old and broken parts from all channels globally

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 43

Green Operation
As a champion of low-carbon green development, vivo takes the initiative to practice clean production and builds a green manufacturing system as part of its commitment to minimizing the environmental impact of its business operations.
Environmental Management System
Pursuant to the laws and regulations on environmental protection in the countries and regions where we operate as well as the requirements of the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System, the Company has developed and improved the EHS Management Manual and other internal management documents and upgraded management systems like the Standards for Classification and Management of Wastes. To strengthen our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) oversight, we have established an EHS Management Committee responsible for advancing all EHS-related initiatives. Each operational site conducts environmental risk assessments, sets annual goals and management plans, performs regular monitoring, and conducts emergency drills. Through internal audits, we ensure continuous improvement and effective risk management, maintaining standardized control of environmental factors to achieve our environmental objectives. In 2023, the Company did not experience any pollution incidents.
In the industrial park, we implement a green office strategy, promoting EHS-related knowledge to employees through channels such as the V Message WeChat official account to enhance environmental awareness. We conduct environmental protection awareness campaigns for all employees and provide special environmental protection training based on job requirements, which cover 100% of key positions. All vivo's factories in China (Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park) have passed the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification and have conducted annual environmental risk assessments.

Water Resource Management
vivo prioritize the rational use of water resources and actively promote measures to enhance water utilization efficiency.
We strictly implement the Water Resources Management Regulations, respond to the government's water-saving policies, set clear water usage targets, and establish a comprehensive water use accounting system that encompasses production, office work, and daily living. In Dongguan Park, we have implemented smart water meters and a data detection platform for real-time collection, transmission, and analysis of water use data. This system helps us promptly address any abnormal water usage. We also promote water recycling and reduce waste through various initiatives, including smart irrigation systems, wastewater recycling systems, and programs for rainwater and concentrated water recycling.
In 2023, our water-saving management and technological transformations led to significant results. The total amount of water saved in Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park was approximately 137,649 tons. This included about 20,338 tons saved through a special water resource recovery project. We met our annual water-saving targets across all company parks. Specifically, Chongqing Park's total water consumption was 312,404 tons, a decrease of 28.29% from the previous year, while Dongguan Park's water consumption was 1,454,750 tons, a year-on-year decrease of 17.6%.  Intelligent Irrigation SystemWe have introduced an intelligent irrigation system in
our green areas, which automatically adjusts water usage based on the needs of the plants and prevailing weather conditions.  Wastewater Treatment SystemWe have established a system to recycle and reuse laboratory wastewater, which saves approximately 2,000 tons of water each year.  Concentrated Water RecyclingWe recycle concentrated water from our direct drinking water treatment equipment and use it for cleaning the canteen floors, saving about 18,988 tons of water annually.

137,649 tons
Total water saving in Dongguan Park and Chongqing Park in 2023:
20,338 tons
Water saved by the recycling program:
28.29%
Chongqing Park used 312,404 tons of water, a decrease in proportion compared to last year:
17.6%
Dongguan Park used 1,454,750 tons of water, a decrease in proportion compared to last year:

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 44

Waste Management
vivo strictly manages and controls waste generation and disposal while actively exploring comprehensive utilization solutions. We have implemented the Standards for Classification and Management of Wastes, the Hazardous Waste Management Standards, and other management systems and standards to guide the proper classification, transfer, and disposal of waste. We actively comply with regulatory requirements by regularly reporting information and data on hazardous waste generation, storage, and dispatch on the Guangdong Solid Waste Management Information Platform. This enables full-process tracking and management of hazardous waste.
In Dongguan Park, utilize an online monitoring system to track and manage the generation, temporary storage, and disposal of solid waste in real-time, improving processing efficiency. We regularly classify and collect waste, repurposing recyclable materials for building maintenance, renovation, and new construction projects, thereby reducing material consumption.
Our Supplier Code of Conduct mandates that suppliers strictly control their solid waste emissions, ensuring that their storage, transportation, and incineration processes meet vivo's environmental standards.
In 2023, vivo generated 103.96 tons of hazardous waste and 10,857.56 tons of non-hazardous waste23. We achieved a 100% compliant disposal rate for hazardous waste and a 100% recycling rate for non-hazardous waste.

The total amount of hazardous waste generated
2022 163.46 tons
2023 103.96 tons

The total amount of non-hazardous generated:
2022 11,602.21 tons
2023 10,857.56 tons

Types of Waste

Category

Handling Measures

General waste

Canteen kitchen waste
Recyclable waste

We engage a qualified supplier to carry out harmless disposal.
We engage a designated qualified supplier to regularly clear the waste. Equipment, metal parts, etc. go through a professional scrapping process.

Construction waste

/

Waste is stored at a designated location and

transported by the construction party to a

municipal location for landfilling.

Hazardous waste

/

Waste is stored at a designated location and disposed of by a third party with hazardous waste treatment qualifications registered with the Environmental Protection Bureau.

Electronic waste

Recyclable waste

We carry out compliant collection and sorting for metals, plastics, circuit boards, etc., and engage a qualified, professional third party for processing and recycling.

Non-recyclable waste

We engage a qualified, professional third party for processing and recycling.

100%
The compliant disposal rate of hazardous waste:
100%
The recycling and utilization rate of non-hazardous waste:

23The scope of hazardous waste statistics covers all factories and office parks of vivo China. In 2023, we further refined our data collection criteria by referencing the Directory of National Hazardous Wastes , covering a total of four categories of hazardous waste. The statistical scope of the non-hazardous waste data includes metals, plastics, and cardboard from all factories and office parks of vivo China.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 45

Pollution Prevention and Control
Although the pollution emissions from vivo's production and operations have minimal impact on the environment, we remain committed to high standards of pollution prevention and control. We make sustained investments in pollution control during the production phase, continuously optimizing processes and upgrading techniques to promote more sustainable production methods and reduce environmental impact.
We have established a comprehensive set of procedures for the treatment of exhaust gas, wastewater, and noise, adopting scientific and professional methods to strengthen pollution prevention and control. Our environmental management performance is regularly reviewed and evaluated by independent third-party organizations. These inspections cover factory boundary noise, indoor noise, domestic wastewater, workshop exhaust, indoor air quality, and canteen fume emissions. The 2023 inspection report shows a 100% compliance rate for exhaust gas and wastewater discharge in vivo's industrial parks.

Pollutants Exhaust gas
Wastewater
Noise

Examples
Exhaust gas from production
Exhaust gas from the canteen
Domestic wastewater
Industrial wastewater
/

Disposal Measures
We gather it to the roof and process it with a pre-treatment process and a purification device.
We treat it with an oil smoke purification device and discharge it at a high altitude after reaching the standard.
We process domestic wastewater in strict compliance with local requirements and discharge it based on the principle of rainwater and sewage diversion, and regularly update the license qualification of the drainage pipe network.
We collect and engage a qualified third party for transfer and harmless disposal.
We preferentially select low-noise equipment or techniques to prevent noise hazards from the source, install sound insulation materials, and increase the greening of the parks to continuously improve noise control.

100%
Compliance rate of wastewater discharge in 2021, 2022 and 2023
100%
Compliance rate of exhaust gas discharge in 2021, 2022 and 2023

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 46

Tackling Climate Change
To implement the action plan for "Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality" amid the urgent challenge of global climate change, vivo integrates the impact of climate change into our corporate decision-making processes. We set long-term, scientific, and ambitious goals to guide effective and orderly carbon reduction operations. By continuously tracking policy changes related to climate change, we ensure our strategies remain relevant and effective. Through scientific carbon and energy management, we are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and driving low-carbon social development.
Carbon Management
vivo continues to explore green and sustainable development models, integrating carbon management into business strategy and operations. We put in place an effective carbon management structure and reduction goals, promote the application of carbon reduction technologies, comprehensively strengthen carbon management capabilities, and explore low-carbon development pathways for the Company.

Carbon Governance Structure vivo has incorporated carbon emission management into its corporate social responsibility (CSR) governance system and various business segments. A CSR committee, chaired by the Senior Vice President and comprising senior managers from multiple departments, has been established under the Company's Management Committee.

vivo Carbon Governance
Structure

Management Committee

The highest decision organization

CSR Committee
Carbon Management Cross-Functional Team
Product Ecological Design Team

Coordinate the Company's carbon emission management work, ensuring that the principles and action plans for carbon emission management align with the Company's development direction.
Formulate carbon goal planning, medium and long-term development plans, and strategic directions, as well as develop and implement annual target plans based on internal and external insights.
Implement green design for products, increase the proportion of sustainable raw materials used, and promote the replacement of degradable packaging materials to reduce carbon emissions throughout the product's life cycle.

Carbon Management Cross-Functional Team includes business leaders from over a dozen departments involved in various fields, such as System and Process IT, Administrative Affairs, Production, Logistics and Storage Center, PMC, Quality, various product departments, various development departments, Hardware Testing, and Customer Service. Each representative is assigned specific responsibilities related to carbon management.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 47

Current Carbon Emissions In 2023, vivo conducted a carbon emission inventory at two industrial parks and eight office buildings across eight cities where vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries operate. This inventory helps comprehensively understand the Company's carbon emissions and provides crucial data for emission reduction planning and implementation. In 2023, vivo's operational carbon emissions amounted to 110,173.30 tCO2e, with Scope 1 emissions at 12,546.91 tCO2e and Scope 2 emissions at 97,626.4 tCO2e. Additionally, recognizing the importance of value chain emission reductions for addressing climate change and achieving the Company's sustainable development, vivo conducted identification and assessment of Scope 3 carbon emissions, which totaled 93,756.84 tCO2e in 2023.

Carbon Goal Setting In response to the target of keeping a global temperature rise below 2캜 proposed by the Paris Agreement and China's "dual carbon" goals, vivo released the vivo Low-Carbon Action White Paper in 2024, officially proposing the company's low-carbon development goals and further exploring vivo's roadmap towards carbon peaking and carbon neutrality. Achieve a 50% reduction in carbon emissions in our operations by 2035 compared to 2021 levels. Achieve carbon neutrality in our operations by 2050.

2021
Complete the baseline carbon inventory

2035

2050
Achieve carbon neutrality in our operations

Achieve a 50% reduction in carbon emissions in our operations compared to 2021 levels

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 48

vivo will follow the strategy of prioritizing direct emission reductions over removal, prioritizing removal over offsetting, and continuously empowering the green transformation of the value chain. We develop emission reduction pathways and specific action plans that align with our operations and the value chain. We also explore the possibilities to optimize carbon neutrality strategies, empowering vivo to achieve its carbon goals.
Emission Reduction in Our Operations We prioritize energy conservation and efficiency enhancement, as well as optimizing our energy structure to reduce absolute carbon emissions. By strengthening energy management, implementing energy-saving technological improvement projects, and using clean energy, we are on our way toward achieving emission reduction goals. For the emissions that are difficult to reduce, we will conduct carbon offset by investing in promising renewable energy projects, focusing on and utilizing ecological carbon sinks and negative carbon technologies, and participating in carbon market trading, thus supporting our long-term goal of achieving carbon neutrality in our operations.

Low-Carbon Transformation of the Value Chain We integrate the green management concept into every aspect of product life cycle management, exploring viable emission reduction solutions at stages such as product design, packaging, material selection, logistics transportation, and electronic waste recycling. We explore opportunities to reduce carbon emissions, empowering green and low-carbon transformation of the value chain.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 49

Energy Management
vivo has established and continuously improved its energy management system by implementing regulations such as the Operational Guidance for Energy Management Scheme Formulation and Implementation, the Operational Guidance for Energy Operation and Management, and the Contingency Plan for Energy Security. These regulations guide all levels of the company in effectively meeting annual energy-saving and emission-reduction targets, establishing a comprehensive energy management system, and creating robust internal management processes. We strictly manage high-energy-consuming equipment, regularly organize energy emergency drills, enhance energy efficiency, and reduce environmental impact. Departments conduct regular energy risk identification and assess energy-saving potential, continuously improving energy management. Additionally, we actively promote energy-saving awareness among all employees and key technical personnel, effectively reducing equipment idle time through proactive energy-saving tips and management measures. In 2023, Areas A and C of vivo's global headquarters passed the ISO 50001 Energy Management System certification. We have developed an energy management platform for the intelligent input, statistics, and analysis of energy data, optimizing energy use efficiency. Each year, we analyze and evaluate the energy consumption data of key units, explore energy-saving potential through on-site inspections, assess feasible conservation initiatives, and review energy

savings after project implementation. Our energy management team has also established an energy use reward mechanism to encourage energy-saving actions. In 202324, the per-device energy consumption at vivo's global headquarters decreased by 12% compared to the previous year, surpassing expectations and exceeding our energy-saving target.
Capitalizing on Clean Energy In response to the national goals and policies of "Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality," vivo actively plans and implements the use of clean energy to reduce the consumption of non-renewable resources.In 2023, vivo's global headquarters completed and launched its first distributed ph otovoltaic power generation project, making it the largest photovoltaic power facility in the area. This project provides approximately 4,530 MWh of clean electricity annually, with a total installed capacity of 5.189 MWp, reducing CO2 emissions by about 3,604.3 tons. In 2023, vivo's total renewable energy use amounted to 4,530 MWh.We continue to promote the adoption of new energy sources to replace traditional fuels. We have introduced electric buses for employees, providing a more eco-friendly commuting option and reducing emissions by 121.5 tCO2e. We have replaced all the forklifts in our industrial parks with new energy vehicles and some manual forklifts to further reduce carbon emissions.

12%
Percentage of year-on-year reduction in global headquarters' per-device energy consumption in 2023 compared to last year

24The scope of energy consumption statistics covers Areas A, B, and C of Dongguan Park.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 50

Energy-saving Technological Transformation to Improve Energy Efficiency
In 2023, vivo's global headquarters implemented a total of 31 technological transformation projects, achieving substantial results in energy saving and consumption reduction. These projects collectively saved approximately 7,130 MWh of electricity and reduced CO2 emissions by over 4,000 tCO2e.  Optimization of the air-conditioning system: We enhanced our air-conditioning system by reducing the frequency of air conditioning cabinet fans, refining the set parameters and control logic, and implementing zoned activation and deactivation of the air conditioning units to reduce the energy consumption of key power-consuming equipment. These measures are estimated to save about 3,320 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 1,976 tCO2e every year.  Frequency conversion for the cooling water pump: By installing a frequency converter on the original industrial-frequency cooling water pump and adjusting the operating frequency, we reduced the working energy consumption. This upgrade is expected to save about 1,050 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 628 tCO2e every year.  Energy-saving optimization of production equipment: We carried out a comprehensive energy-saving optimization for workshop equipment by refining lighting control systems, introducing automatic gas shutoff systems, and optimizing gas pressure standards. These improvements are expected to save about 2,250 MWh of electricity and reduce emissions by approximately 1,341 tCO2e every year.

 Commuting route optimization: We reduced carbon emissions from commuting vehicles by shortening the distance between employee dormitories and the factory, reducing commuting mileage. In 2023, a total of ten commute routes were optimized.

Gasoline consumption Diesel consumption Electricity consumption Total Scope 1 GHG emissions Total Scope 2 GHG emissions Total Scope 3 GHG emissions

123.854 tons 90.093 tons 126,320 MWh 8,569.3tCO2e 63,112.6tCO2e 71,821.95tCO2e

*The scope of statistics covers Areas A, B, and C of Dongguan Park.

4,530 MWh
Clean electricity provided by photovoltaic power generation project:
3,604.3 tCO2e
Reducing emissions by photovoltaic power generation project approximately
121.5 tCO2e
Carbon emissions reduction brought about by using electric buses:
4,000 tCO2e
Carbon emission reduction brought by innovative energy-saving measures: over

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 5511

05
Value Creation
Employee Growth Win-win Cooperation Industrial Co-Prosperity

52

Conducted EHS training courses
816 sessions
Total course duration
1,396 hours

Total duration of employee training
214,709.85 hours
Proportion of suppliers that signed the agreement on sustainable procurement reached
96%

An enterprise's long-term and sustainable development depends on the concerted efforts of its employees, business partners and suppliers. vivo respects the rights and interests of our employees, provides them with a broad development platform, and supports our business partners and suppliers to the best of its ability, with a view to joining hands with all stakeholders to pursue common growth. We also leverage our advantages to advance industry development and cultivate high-quality professionals, to inject new momentum into the vigorous development of the industry.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 53

Employee Growth
vivo adheres to the core mission of "creating a joyful and progressive environment for employees", always putting people first. We respect and protect employees' rights and interests, ensure their occupational health and safety, and support their professional development. Our goal is to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace, supported by a fair and effective incentive system that encourages employee growth.

Health and Safety
Ensuring the occupational health and safety of employees is the prerequisite for all operations and the bottom line we adhere to. We have established a sound occupational health and safety management system and implemented various work safety initiatives to enhance safety awareness and skills among our employees, thereby creating a healthy and safe working environment.
While strictly observing relevant laws and regulations of each operating location, we have formulated the EHS Management Manual and timely updated our health and safety management standards such as the Operation Guidelines for EHS Regular Inspections and the Security Personnel Management Regulations. We have continued to improve our EHS management system which covers all business lines of the Company, defining the responsibilities of the EHS execution team under the EHS Committee. These efforts have significantly improved our ability to protect employees' occupational health. As of the end of 2023, vivo's Dongguan headquarters and Chongqing Industrial Park have passed the renewal audit of the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System.
We released the Company-Level hazards and environmental factors, targets, indicators and Management Programs 2023 and the EHS Factor Identification and Risk Evaluation 2023. These documents outline our annual objectives, indicators, and management programs for major hazards and significant environmental factors. We comprehensively identified potential EHS risks, quantified risk values and grades, and prioritized risk prevention. Based on these findings, we implemented graded risk control measures to effectively avoid potential accidents. Additionally, by developing and implementing targeted improvement measures centered around dimensions, i.e., risk assessment, chemical management, office safety management, safety training, occupational disease prevention, emergency management, accident handling, and management of related parties, we can continually optimize the management of employees' occupational health and safety. In 2023, all key EHS objectives were largely achieved and the LTIFR was 0.415.
We provide annual occupational health examinations for our employees. In 2023, vivo's

occupational health examinations and annual physical examinations covered 100% of the employees, and zero occupational disease incidents were recorded. We have infirmaries and 288 certified first aiders in our offices and factories in Dongguan and Chongqing to provide general physical examinations, minor trauma treatment, medical emergency treatment and other medical services.
Identification and Control of Potential Safety Hazards
Prioritizing work safety and environmental management in all industrial parks, the Company continuously invests special funds for work safety and implements various initiatives to identify and control potential safety hazards.
We have established a comprehensive four-line-of-defense mechanism for EHS inspections and developed a plan for horizontal special EHS inspections across China. These guidelines help us conduct thorough EHS risk inspections of factories and offices in each park. In 2023, we conducted 71 EHS risk inspections at vivo's Dongguan headquarters and Chongqing Industrial Park, with the safety hazard closure rate reaching 100%.

0
Occupational disease incidents among employees
100%
Employee coverage of occupational health examinations and annual physical examinations
71
EHS risk inspections conducted
100%
Safety hazard closure rate reaching

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 54

Promoting a Safety Culture
vivo is committed to fostering a strong health and safety culture and increasing awareness of safety responsibilities among all employees. We strive to continually improve their awareness and ability through diverse health and safety training programs and emergency drills.  Safety training: For all new employees, we provide EHS training through the
"vCollege" online learning platform. For new production employees, we organize pre-job safety training at the first and second levels, as well as third-level on-site practical training to ensure that they master safety operation skills before starting their positions. In 2023, all vivo EHS management personnel obtained relevant qualifications or training certificates, such as the Safety Training Certificate for the Principal Person-in-Charge, the Training Certificate for Safety Production Management Personnel, the Safety Management Personnel Training Certificate for Hazardous Chemicals Business Units, among others. Moreover, the Company conducted 816 sessions of EHS-related training courses for key position employees, totaling 1,396 hours and 47,835 person-time participated in training  Safety campaigns: We regularly organize safety culture implementation months and fire safety campaigns to raise health and safety awareness among all employees.  Safety emergency drills: To address various potential safety hazards, we conduct emergency drills for scenarios such as fire evacuation, hazardous chemical leakage, elevator failure, and gas leakage. These drills improve employees' abilities in disaster prevention, self-rescue, and mutual aid. In 2023, vivo held 105 emergency drills across 12 categories25 , involving a total of 22,338 participants.
25The statistics of emergency drills include vivo's Dongguan headquarters, Chongqing Industrial Park, and R&D centers.

Rights and Interests of Employees
We uphold the concept of "anti-discrimination, equal pay for equal work, freedom of religious belief". By integrating the humanistic philosophies of diversity, equality and inclusion into the Company's daily management and operations, we respect and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of all employees to create impartial and equal employment conditions. We have developed a sound and competitive remuneration and benefit system and strive to create an inclusive and equitable working environment.
Respecting Basic Rights and Interests
Following the principles of "equal employment and person-post match", we have formulated and implemented the Anti-discrimination Management System and have strictly standardized the recruitment process and selection criteria. We oppose any form of discrimination and treat our employees equally, regardless of ethnicity, region, household registration, gender, age, physical characteristics, physical conditions, marital or parental status, or other factors. We respect human rights, strive to guarantee equal employment opportunities, and are committed to maintaining fairness in the workplace.
We resolutely resist and oppose any type of child labor and forced labor. To this end, we have formulated the Administrative Regulations on Prohibiting the Employment of Child Labor and Remedial Measures for Mistaken Recruitment of Child Labor and the Administrative Regulations on the Prevention of Forced Labor, among other internal regulations and systems. We have also established complete employee personnel file registration to strictly confirm the authenticity of recruits' information and also set up a monitoring and reporting mechanism to preclude the recruitment or misuse of child labor. In 2023, the labor contract signing rate of vivo's employees was 100%, and the Company had no incidents related to the use of child labor or forced labor.
vivo has formulated internal rules and regulations such as the Anti-discrimination Management System and the Anti-Workplace Sexual Harassment Regulations. We have established clear complaint channels and standardized processes for handling reports and complaints. We prioritize the confidentiality of whistleblowers' information, ensure a balanced gender ratio among investigators, and conduct fair and impartial investigations to protect employees' rights and interests. At the same time, we proactively conduct empowerment promotion through various initiatives, including incorporating the anti-sexual harassment system publicity into new employee induction training and hosting several specialized training sessions and courses on anti-sexual harassment. These initiatives aim to foster a harmonious and stable workplace. In 2023, our preventive training for discrimination and human rights violations covered 100% of employees, and there were zero proven incidents of discrimination.

816 sessions
In 2023, vivo conducted EHS training courses
1,396 hours
Total course duration
47,835
person-time Total number of employees attending the EHS training courses
0
Incidents related to the use of child labor or forced labor
100%
Employee coverage of preventive training for discrimination and human rights violations
0
Proven incidents of discrimination

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 55

Diversity and Inclusion
We promote a diverse and inclusive workplace culture by integrating these values into our management and operations, adopting targeted initiatives for the diverse needs of our employees, and creating a more relaxed and inclusive work environment. The Company respects and values the cultural practices and religious beliefs of employees from different ethnic backgrounds. For this commitment, we have implemented the Religious Belief Management System and other systems and rules. We actively learn about and address the religious and cultural needs of our employees while respecting their privacy. In 2023, 8.02% of our workforce and 4.23% of our senior management (excluding the Board of Directors) were from ethnic minority groups26 . In addition, vivo's European headquarters hosts various gatherings and organizes celebrations for local festivals, bringing together Chinese and international employees. These activities foster cultural exchange and integration, enhancing team cohesion.
Guarding Rights and Interests of Female Employees
We are dedicated to supporting and protecting the rights and interests of female employees. To fulfill this commitment, we have implemented policies such as the Administrative Regulations on the Protection of Female Employees. We provide nursery rooms, offer maternity benefits as required by law, and organize various festive events to celebrate holidays and distribute wishes and gifts. In 2023, women represented 32.31% of our workforce, and 16% of our senior management (excluding the Board of Directors) were female.
Events to celebrate the March 8 Women's Day With the theme that "life is not defined by age, and you can always live as a goddess", vivo planned and organized events to celebrate Women's Day on March 8. The flower arrangement, fun games, and other diversified well-designed activities alongside exquisite gifts brought holiday joy and warmth to every female employee in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.
26Ethnic minority employees only include ethnic minority groups in China. 27vivo's European headquarters is owned by vivo Holdings Limited.

vivo's European headquarters27 hosts diverse events vivo's European headquarters, home to 85 employees from 14 countries, advocates team diversity and facilitates rapid integration and understanding of the local market with a core philosophy of "More Global, More Local". We organize water competitions on the Rhine, visits to wine estates, fun sports meetings, and celebrations of different countries' festivals. Through these events, we strengthen communication and cooperation among our employees and enhance their sense of integration and team cohesion.
vivo's Dongguan headquarters hosts a "Chinese New Year Party" for international employees at overseas factories In 2023, vivo' Dongguan headquarters organized a "Chinese New Year Party" for international employees from overseas factories who came to exchange and study. The party consisted of events full of traditional Chinese flavors such as writing spring couplets, guessing lantern riddles, writing lucky cards, and sticking cattail leaf fans. Guided by their Chinese colleagues, the international employees experienced the charm of traditional Chinese culture.

8.02%
Proportion of ethnic minority employees
4.23%
Proportion of ethnic minority employees in senior management (excluding the Board of Directors)
16%
Proportion of female senior managers (excluding the Board of Directors)

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 56

Employee Remuneration and Benefits
vivo fully respects and protects the labor returns of all employees in strict accordance with the laws and regulations of the locations where it operates. We provide fair and competitive remuneration and benefits, ensuring that our pay rates exceed local minimum wage standards. On top of statutory benefits, we provide our employees with a wide range of additional special benefits that support employees throughout their entire careers at vivo, fostering a healthy and sustainable corporate culture.
Statutory Benefits: Social insurance, housing provident fund, statutory holidays, and holidays encouraged by state policies
Additional Benefits and Care: Life Benefits Shuttle buses, cafeterias, employee dormitories, vivo talent apartments (under construction), and BBK private schools Subsidies and Special Offers Subsidies for expatriates, travel subsidies, fuel subsidies for private cars, mobile phone credit subsidies, overtime taxi reimbursement, and rental subsidies; preferential offers for internal mobile phone purchases
Physical and Mental Health Health facilities: infirmaries (providing free medical treatment and medicine), gyms, recreation rooms Health examinations: annual physical examinations; commercial insurance and travel insurance for certain positions and groups Mental health: an online EAP service center for employees, which provides psychological assessments, consultation appointment, crisis intervention, and other services Holiday Gifts Gifts for the Chinese New Year, Dragon Boat Festival, and Mid-Autumn Festival, kick-off lucky money after the Chinese New Year holiday, and birthday cash gifts Cultural Activities Annual parties of the Company, the open day for family members, special festival activities (e.g., Goddess Day), sports club activities, singles' meetups Talent Suppor Home leave for expatriates, benefits for the expatriate's familybenefits for air tickets for home visits, and subsidies for family members; housing subsidies for campus-hired employees, travel subsidies for interviewees for experienced hires; assistance in applying for tax incentives in line with state policies, talent recognition, and national awards Other Benefits anniversary souvenirs, parental leave, severance allowance, special team-building expenses

Employee Development
vivo attaches importance to the capacity building and career development of our employees. We have established a comprehensive training system that provides access to a wealth of internal and external learning resources, as well as diverse growth opportunities. By creating a fair incentive mechanism and offering clear and accessible promotion channels, we support employees in achieving both personal fulfillment and corporate growth.
Employee Growth
We continuously optimize our personnel training system by incorporating the principles of "selection, appointment, training, and retention" into the entire lifecycle of key positions. This approach ensures comprehensive talent development and sustainable growth. Every year, we conduct talent assessments to identify employees' strengths and gather their growth and development needs, allowing us to allocate resources effectively to support their growth.
We formulate annual training plans tailored to different roles and offer various targeted programs focusing on leadership, general vocational skills, professional business abilities, and other topics to improve the core competitiveness of employees in every aspect. In 2023, vivo developed 654 training courses and conducted a total of 214,709.85 training hours, averaging 2.36 hours of online training and 13.95 hours of offline training per employee.
Meanwhile, we support the creation and improvement of knowledge-sharing platforms in ten areas, including overseas marketing, software development, and finance. Our efforts include developing over 30 high-quality online courses and hosting more than 40 internal expert sharing sessions, reaching over 5,000 learners. To further enhance employees' industry insights, we organize for key employees to attend expatriate training sessions on topics such as software and hardware development, technical architecture, and digital marketing. In 2023, we completed 164 expatriate training sessions.  Construction of internal lecturer team vivo continues to expand its team of internal certified lecturers. In 2023, 63 new certified lecturers joined the team, bringing the total number to 830, including company-wide, departmental, and international certified lecturers. Additionally, we provide coaching, promotion, excellence selection, and training for our lecturers. We have created seven lecturer training camp programs, introduced classic general courses on project management, situational leadership, and horizontal collaboration, and continuously updated and iterated many professional courses to ensure they remain cutting-edge and practical. We also organize our internal certified lecturers and course developers to participate in themed learning activities for events such as Teachers' Day, Arbor Day, and World Book Day. These activities promote exchange and learning and attract more talented individuals to join our internal lecturer team.

654
Training courses developed
214,709.85 hours
Total duration of online and offline training

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 57

 Construction of a digital learning platform We have developed and improved our digital learning platform "vCollege" to provide employees with diversified course resources. In 2023, "vCollege" offered a total of 951 learning programs, including 35 course topics, 628 new online courses, and 34 new online learning maps, bringing the total number of online courses to 2,577. The platform recorded an average of over 15,000 logins per month.
 Utilization of external resources We are committed to advancing external cooperation in various technical fields and contributing to the progress of the P+2 plan. To this end, we invited more than 30 professors and industry experts from Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University, and other prestigious universities to share cutting-edge technology achievements. The event has significantly enhanced our team's understanding and research of industry's cutting-edge technology trends, and improved their technological innovation capabilities.
Career Promotion Channels
vivo is committed to cultivating and training talented individuals. We enhance promotion and mobility channels across all facets and dimensions, providing employees with a broad platform for growth and encouraging them to explore new possibilities.

To ensure fair and equitable performance appraisals, we have established a sound performance evaluation system with standardized criteria. Performance appraisals are conducted semi-annually and annually, rating employees at S, A, B, and C. These results inform promotions, salary adjustments, internal job reshuffles, and year-end bonuses, ensuring impartial evaluations and stimulating employee motivation and initiative. In 2023, 100% of vivo's employees received regular performance and career development evaluations.
We have established a sound promotion mechanism and devised a dual-channel development path of "management + professional", providing clear, suitable, and diversified development routes. We continuously improve the Job Qualification and Promotion Management Standards to regulate employee promotion standards and processes. We have also published the Manager Criteria White Paper and the Management Standards for Managers Retiring from Duty, which outline criteria for assessing managerial capacity and the principles and processes for retirement, promoting fair and transparent managerial appointments.

Training Course Onboarding training
General vocational ability training Professional/technical training
Leadership training
Special support

Targeted Audience New employees from campus and social recruitment All employees
All employees
Management
/

Training Form Boot camps; five types of courses include "culture, team, system, business, and workplace"; and three types of activities include "camp, class, and team"
Open courses, audio courses, and learning communities
Specialized online training, project management learning camps, project manager boot camps, innovative courses by experts, communication and sharing
NMP (New Manager Program) and online learning camps
Special training for product managers (of mobile phones/IOT/ Internet, etc.); TMT/MMT training; expert sharing sessions; design thinking rotating training

Training Position/Efficacy
To help them quickly fit in with the corporate culture and improve their job competency
To enhance employees' professional capacity and general knowledge and comprehensively improve their overall capabilities such as growth, action, communication, thinking and collaboration
To help employees gain professional knowledge and skills needed for their roles
To help managers adapt to changing market conditions and business challenges
To enhance specialized skills and awareness for key positions and expand interdisciplinary understanding and communication

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 58

Employee Communication and Care
We actively listen to our employees, gathering their opinions and feedback. We prioritize their physical and mental well-being, and encourage a positive lifestyle to enhance their overall happiness and sense of belonging.
Employee Communication
vivo focuses on protecting employees' rights to know, participate, express, and supervise. By maintaining open communication channels, we ensure that every employee's voice is heard.
We continuously improve our employee complaint and feedback mechanisms. We collect employees' demands and opinions by setting up an offline "suggestion box", organizing monthly employee seminars, publicizing the complaint mailbox of the integrity department, and disclosing the contact information of departmental employee care teams and their leaders, as well as democratic publicity of our management system. Complaints and feedback are handled by dedicated personnel to address and resolve issues promptly.
In 2023, vivo conducted a 3S (Say, Stay, Strive) model engagement survey and a 4C (good return, good development, good company, good atmosphere) model satisfaction survey for all employees. Valuable suggestions were collected from employees, and a targeted rectification plan was formulated accordingly to improve the Company's internal management processes. During the year, more than 12,000 employees were invited to participate in the survey, and more than 10,000 responses were collected.
Focusing on managers' management approaches, affinity, emotion management, and principles, we conducted a quarterly anonymous questionnaire survey focused on the workgroup atmosphere for frontline production employees. More than 100 issues and suggestions were collected and addressed through visits and investigations by the employee care team.

Employee Care
Our employees and their families' physical and mental health are our concerns. We provide comprehensive care and support through training on mental health topics, psychological counseling, and crisis referral interventions.
 Mental Health Care We partner with third-party agencies to provide an Employee Assistance Program (EAP), offering free 24/7 online counseling for issues related to family, parenting, personal growth, interpersonal communication, and crisis intervention. In 2023, our hotline received 892 inquiries from employees. During the year, we developed a crisis referral process with an external agency to standardize mental health risk assessments, risk-leveling criteria, and intervention procedures. In 2023, there were 15 crisis referrals, all of which were successfully managed through multiple counseling sessions, resolving employees' psychological distress.
 Emotion Management Training vivo invites external professional lecturers to provide employees with training on topics such as "Decoding Children's Emotions" and "Developing a Positive and Enterprising Mindset". These sessions guide employees in coping with stress and challenges, establishing a healthy and positive lifestyle, alleviating psychological pressure, and maintaining good working conditions.
 Aiding Employees in Difficulties We actively support employees facing difficulties by investing nearly RMB 1 million in aid funds throughout the year, demonstrating our care and commitment. We also apply for government poverty subsidies to help ease their financial burdens. In 2023, we secured RMB 157,500 in subsidies for 239 employees.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 59

Employees at vivo
vivo emphasizes employees' quality of life and cares for their physical and mental health. Each office park and production area is equipped with a buffet cafeteria that serves thousands of employees, offering nutritionally balanced meals with subsidies. To alleviate housing burdens, we provide comfortable apartments and dormitories at our Dongguan and Chongqing office parks, and accommodation subsidies for employees in other locations.
We provide employees with advice and guidance on work and life, including stress management and health management. Each park is equipped with an infirmary to provide employees with free medical consultation and comprehensive medical assistance.
Moreover, we encourage employees to have adequate rest to promote their work-life balance and to pursue a healthy lifestyle. We host a variety of activities, including sports events, mobile game carnivals, team-building exercises, family open days, and birthday parties. These activities promote a healthy corporate culture and strengthen communication and camaraderie among employees.

Family Open Day: Little Dream Chasers In 2023, vivo organized a Family Open Day with the theme of "Little Dream Chasers", which featured innovative interactive forms, including a Frisbee game for beginners, fun sports matches, and a fun science lab. The colorful parent-child interactive activities allowed all participants to enjoy good company in a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 60

Win-win Cooperation
vivo firmly believes that high-quality corporate development depends on win-win partnerships. We adhere to the cooperation philosophy of "coordinated development, mutual trust, and win-win cooperation" and focus on core demands. By leveraging our strengths to empower our partners, we enhance their competitiveness, improve collaborative efficiency, and increase the value of the entire industry chain, achieving shared growth.

Sustainable Supply Chain
vivo comply with the International Code of Business Ethics and the United Nations Global Compact as well as the laws and regulations of the regions where it operates. Accordingly, we have established the vivo's Principles of Responsible Procurement and the vivo's Supplier Code of Conduct. We propose our suppliers to sign the vivo's Supplier Code of Conduct, ensuring they meet key compliance standards in areas such as labor rights, occupational health, environmental protection, and business ethics. Through these efforts, we strive to build a sustainable supply chain with our suppliers. We also encourage key suppliers to sign contracts that include environmental, labor, and human rights requirements, integrating these standards into their contract provisions. In 2023, 96% of vivo's suppliers signed the agreement on sustainable procurement.
We have set up a supplier CSR management team responsible for overseeing CSR entry risk control for new suppliers and improving CSR standards for existing suppliers. We implement the Supplier CSR Management Specification, which outlines control measures for supplier access inspection, empowerment, risk assessment, audits, and performance evaluation. During the year, we conducted special audits on key CSR areas to ensure supplier compliance with our standards and requirements, effectively reducing supply chain risks.
Special audits on the management of hazardous substances The management of hazardous substances in products is part of our supplier management. We conduct regular risk assessments on the management of hazardous substances in products. The assessment methods include on-site reviews and supplier self-assessment, involving environmental management systems, design and development, procurement and supplier management, incoming materials, and finished product sampling management, production management, and logistics and warehousing management. In 2023, vivo conducted audits for 87 suppliers on hazardous substance management systems, with a 100% pass rate. The improvement of problematic points was tracked to achieve a 100% closed loop.

Comprehensive assessments in logistics We conducted comprehensive assessments for 16 logistics suppliers on social responsibility, safety, and environmental systems. This initiative aims to strengthen communication in the logistics supply chain and enhance risk management awareness and sustainability.
Special audits on EHS Using the Supplier EHS Audit checklist we conducted special EHS audits on 12 suppliers, focusing on fire safety, occupational health, and other dimensions. We have also enhanced their risk awareness and management capabilities through online reviews and on-site counseling, thus achieving a 100% pass rate.
Special audits on information security We have deepened our information security management standards for business partners. We conducted special information security management audits for 14 high-risk business partners according to supplier categories and security level assessments, which were centered on risk management, personnel management, and delivery acceptance. In the audits, information security risks and vulnerabilities in the supply chain were effectively identified. The audit pass rate was 100%.
vivo emphasizes timely, comprehensive, and effective communication with suppliers. Through open and effective channels, we maintain strong cooperative relationships with our suppliers and foster a win-win collaboration model.
Each year, vivo hosts a Business Partners Conference on Quality and Improvement under the theme "Shaping the Future with Mutual Trust, Win-Win Cooperation, and Excellent Quality." This conference promotes our quality management concepts to business partners and seeks consensus on key issues. It also serves as a platform for discussing supply chain performance, technical innovation, and other relevant topics, while recognizing outstanding suppliers. In 2023, we presented a total of 142 awards, including 15 Best Innovation Awards, 8 Progress Awards, and 56 Quality Excellence Awards.

100%
Pass rate of audits for suppliers on hazardous substance management systems
100%
Pass rate of special information security management audits for 14 high-risk business partners

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 61

Key technological breakthrough for win-win outcomes vivo collaborated with an optics company to launch a research project for key technology to seek cutting-edge technologies and upgrading. We shared necessary resources and technical support with our partner. Together, we overcame the difficulty in molding 1G7P large-diameter glass aspherical lenses, creating the industry's first 1-inch G+P28 lens. At the same time, the main camera aperture of vivo's products reached F1.75, becoming the largest aperture lens in the industry. This initiative not only significantly improves the quality of our own products but also boost the technological innovation of our partners.
We empower our suppliers to improve their sustainability practices in areas such as EHS management, information security, and product environmental protection. Our initiatives include hosting supplier conferences, organizing specialized training sessions, creating informative short videos, conducting on-site audits, and guiding corrective actions. These initiatives have significantly boosted suppliers' awareness and management capabilities in these key areas. In 2023, 231 suppliers participated in our sustainability capacity improvement training programs. Among them, 327 supplier representatives attended our environmental protection training, with a 97% pass rate on the assessments. We also conducted four training sessions for hazardous substance management, attended by 239 supplier personnel. This year, we assessed all suppliers participating in our capacity-building program to ensure the continuous improvement and development of our supply chain.

Conflict Minerals Management
vivo strictly observes the laws and regulations related to conflict minerals. We have released the vivo Statement on Sourcing of Responsible Minerals on the official website, and formulated the vivo Specifications for Managing Procurement of Responsible Minerals with reference to the main guiding principles of the Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas of Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), to implement strict management of conflict minerals in the supply chain.
vivo strictly prohibits the use of conflict minerals in supplier contracts and agreements to ensure that all materials come from legitimate sources. We have established a compliance team on responsible mineral procurement, responsible for carrying out due diligence, risk identification, and risk control related to conflict minerals. At the same time, we require our suppliers to set up a responsible minerals procurement management system to trace conflict minerals and related minerals within their supply chains. Suppliers must regularly report to vivo using the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) and ensure that their smelters or refineries are certified by the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process (RMAP) or equivalent organizations. Based on the CMRT results, we mandate that suppliers take appropriate actions against any smelters and refineries that are not RMAP-certified.
We publish annual survey reports on our conflict minerals management efforts to review and enhance our risk management capabilities. In 2023, vivo conducted due diligence on all suppliers involved with conflict minerals, achieving a 100% closed-loop rate for due diligence.

100%
Due diligence closed loop rate of suppliers involved in conflict minerals

28 G and P refer to the ratio of glass to plastic lenses.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 62

Industrial Co-Prosperity
vivo believes in "collaborating for sustained development" and that open cooperation and reciprocal sharing between corporations are important drivers for the development of the industry. Upholding our vision of "healthier and more sustainable" development, we partner with key stakeholders to create value and actively fulfill our responsibilities to promote sustainable industry progress. We actively engage in external cooperation and exchanges to facilitate information and resource sharing, as well as to leverage complementary advantages within the industry. By collaborating with various parties, we advance cutting-edge and key industrial technologies, cultivate high-caliber industrial experts, and boost the sustainable development of the industry.

Technological Development
Technological innovation cannot be separated from the guidance and regulation of standards. While continuously promoting our own technological development, vivo actively organizes and joins relevant industry associations and alliances, contributing to the formulation of technical specifications and standards that promote industry-wide standardization. We also focus on innovative development and the transformation of scientific and technological achievements to foster the industry's healthy and sustainable growth.
We are deeply involved in setting standards for core areas such as artificial intelligence (AI), protection of minors, positioning, communication, charging, and security. By driving technological innovation through standardization, we enhance the application and advancement of new technologies. In 2023, vivo was engaged in the formulation of more than 700 industry standards of various types and output more than 2,900 proposals or suggestions.
AI and LLM
vivo actively advances the standardization of AI and large language models (LLMs). We have been involved in developing several key standards, primarily including the Generative AI Technology and Product Evaluation Methods, the Large Pre-trained Model Technology and Application Evaluation Methods--Part 3: Model Application, the Technical Requirements and Evaluation Methods for Agents, the Research on the Application and Standardization Requirements of Generative AI and LLMs on the Terminal Side, the Terminal-side Generative AI and LLM Application Technology and Evaluation Specification--Part 1: General Provisions, and the Device-side LLM Performance Benchmark Measurement Methodology. By focusing on core modules such as speech recognition, image recognition, natural language processing, and computer vision, vivo ensures the legal, safe, and credible application of innovative technologies, making these technologies more accurate and reliable. In addition, we share strategic industry insights and vivo's technological R&D case studies and provide AI beginners with learning resources to help them improve technical skills and build an understanding and cognitive framework for the industry.

Protection of Minors in Cyberspace
vivo is one of the key members of the China National Information Technology Standardization Network (TC28) and the Telecommunication Terminal Industry Forum Association (TAF). Collaborating with industry partners, we have contributed to the development of several important standards, including the General Specification for Minors Protection of Smart Mobile Terminal, the Technical Requirements for the Minor Mode of Mobile Internet Applications, the Assessment Methods for the Minor Mode of Mobile Internet Applications, the Technical Requirements for the Protection of Minors in Mobile Internet Applications and Application Distribution Platforms, and the Technical Requirements for Software for the Protection of Minors in Cyberspace. Our goal is to advance the technical standardization for the protection of minors, ensuring a safer and healthier environment for their use of smart devices.
Emergency Positioning Services
Standardizing technical specifications for emergency positioning services (EPS) is essential for improving management and rescue efficiency. vivo has actively contributed in the development of industry standards, including the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service--Part 1: Overall Requirements, the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service--Part 2: Technical Requirements for Data Transmission, the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service--Part 3: Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Platforms, and the Location System Based on Emergency Position Service--Part 4: Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Terminals. In this way, vivo contributes to the rapid advancement of EPS technology, supports the growth of the EPS industry, and enhances the protection of people's lives.

700
Engaged in the formulation of various industry standards more than
2,900
Output proposals or suggestions more than

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 63

Mobile Terminals and Communication Technology
vivo has been actively involved in the research and application of 5G and 6G communication standards. We work closely with industry platforms such as the China Communications Standards Association (CCSA) and the Telecommunication Terminal Industry Forum Association (TAF), contributing to the development of national/industry/group standards for mobile terminals and communication technology. These standards include the Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Satellite Positioning Capability of Mobile Intelligent Terminal, the Technical Requirements & Test Methods for Civil Cellular Communication Terminal Equipment Supporting BeiDou-3's Regional Short Message Communication, the 5G Digital Cellular Mobile Telecommunication Network-Technical Requirements of RedCap User Equipment (Phase I), and the Technical Requirements for Core Network Multicast-Broadcast of the 5G Mobile Communication Network. Our standard-setting efforts span various fields, including 5G technology, satellite positioning for terminals, and electronic network access authorization marking. Meanwhile, we play an active role in 6G pre-research as a member of the expert group of the IMT-2030 (6G) Promotion Group, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
Since joining the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) in 2016, vivo has been dedicated to the standardization of 5G communications and promoted the development of global mobile communication standards. As of December 2023, we had submitted around 13,500 5G proposals to the 3GPP standardization organization and filed over 5,000 5G invention patents, and had initiated the projects of terminal power saving, multi-card terminals, LP-WUS/WUR29 , and other technologies, becoming the first Chinese terminal enterprise to launch projects in 3GPP.
In 2023, vivo also released several 6G whitepapers, namely, 6G Network Architecture, Convergence of AI and Communication, and Integrated Sensing and Communication Technology.
Ageing Resistance and Fluency of Mobile Intelligent Terminals
vivo led the upgrading of the industry standards for ageing resistance and fluency of mobile terminals and supported the revision and upgrading of the Evaluation Specification of Aging Performance for Mobile Intelligent Terminal and the Module and Test Method of Aging Test on File System Based on Android Mobiles and Smart Terminals. vivo also participated in the compilation of the national standards Ergonomics of Human-System Interaction in Mobile Terminal--Part 3: Perceived Fluency of Touch Interface and the industry standards User Experience of Smart Terminal--Test Method for Fluency Performance. These initiatives have promoted the healthy development of the mobile terminal industry, ensuring with a fluent user experience that is stable in the long run.

Fast Charging
vivo has partnered with several brands on supporting PD (Power Delivery) and PPS (Programmable Power Supply) protocols30 to enhance users' cross-brand charging experience. We joined hands with industry leaders to set up the Guangdong Fast Charging Alliance31 , promoting the industrial application of Unified Fast Charging Standard (UFCS) technology to improve user experience and charging efficiency. We supported the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology in organizing two plugging conferences to enhance product compatibility and safety. As a primary initiator of the Fast Charging Alliance, we played an active role in discussing and drafting UFCS 2.0. Additionally, two UFCS standards co-developed by vivo were recognized as "Application Demonstration Projects of Group Standards of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology for 2023".
Radiation Safety
vivo is committed to advancing the radiation safety industry through active participation in the development and review of both domestic and international standards.
In 2023, as a registered expert of IEC TC106 (Methods for the assessment of electric, magnetic and electromagnetic fields associated with human exposure), vivo helped prepare and revise two key IEC international standards on behalf of China: IEC/IEEE 62209-3 Measurement procedure for the assessment of specific absorption rate of human exposure to radio frequency fields from hand-held and body-mounted wireless communication devices - Part 3: Vector measurement-based systems and IEC/IEEE63184 Assessment methods of the human exposure to electric and magnetic fields from wireless power transfer systems - Models, instrumentation, measurement and numerical methods and procedures.
As a member of the Electromagnetic Environment and Safety Protection Technical Committee (CCSA TC9), vivo led and contributed to the development of over ten EMC and SAR industry standards. Our efforts are centered on integrating 5G technology with electromagnetic exposure testing, researching and standardizing millimeter wave testing requirements, and developing measurement methods for new wearable devices.

29 LP-WUS/WUR refers to Low-Power Wake-Up Signal/Wake-Up Receiver. 30 The PD and PPS protocols, both set under the leadership of the USB-IF (USB Implementers Forum), allow devices to increase charging power by adjusting the output of transmitted data and adjusting voltage and current, thus shortening charging duration. 31 The Fast Charging Alliance of Guangdong Province (Fast Charging Alliance) is China's first association for the consumer electronic terminal fast charging industry, which focuses on promoting the standardization and ecology of UFCS technology.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 64

In recent years, vivo has partnered with upstream and downstream partners to form ecological alliances and associations. By promoting technological innovation and application through standardization, we work to eliminate technical barriers in the industry and build a sustainable, innovation-driven ecosystem. vivo actively joins technology associations and alliances in the ICT industry to facilitate the commercialization and application of industry innovations.  Industry chain synergy: vivo joins hands with upstream and downstream partners in the Internet of
Things (IoT) industry chain in the OLA Alliance and the CSA Alliance-Matter Working Group to promote standard-setting, demonstration applications, and the development of industrial ecologies in intelligent Internet of Everything (IoE).  Technical cooperation and innovation: Built on the Intelligent Terminal Golden Seal Alliance (ITGSA), vivo joins hands with partners in the Android OS terminal ecology to promote the adaptation of Android application software to the 64-bit architecture, enhance application performance, encourage developers to innovate, and the industry to advance.
vivo's achievements and results in the intelligent in-vehicle industry In 2021, vivo led the establishment of the Intelligent Car Connectivity Open Alliance (ICCOA) in conjunction with industry partners, which is focused on the innovative development of mobile phone-car connectivity. In 2023, vivo served as the secretary general of the ICCOA, the head of the Car Connectivity Working Group, and the deputy head of the Integration Working Group and the Car Key Working Group. It actively bolstered technology collaboration, standards research, and application promotion for intelligent terminal-car connectivity, and achieved the deep integration of mobile phones and cars, technology and data, hardware and software, thus enhancing user experience. In the year, the alliance released three group standards and launched 33 models based on the standards.

Associations/Alliances Established by vivo as One of the Initiator in Conjunction with Partners

Guangdong Fast Charging Alliance (FCA)
Intelligent Terminal Golden Seal Alliance (ITGSA)
Intelligent Car Connectivity Open Alliance (ICCOA)

It carries out upstream and downstream cooperation in the charging industry chain, accelerates the integration of the domestic fast charging industry chain, and promotes the healthy development of industry ecology.
It conducts research on technical standards of intelligent terminal software, accelerates application through pilot demonstration and industrial cooperation, and builds a service platform for the technical standard ecology of intelligent terminal software.
It integrates mobile terminals, cars, technology, and data and facilitates the interconnection between mobile terminals and cars through research on technologies and standards for connectivity between intelligent terminals and cars.

vivo's Associations/Alliances Membership

3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project)

CCSA (China Communications Standards
Association)

ETSI (European Telecommunications
Standards Institute)

ITU (International Telecommunication Union)

OLA (Open Link Association)

TAF (Telecommunication Terminal Industry Forum Association)

IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electron-
ics Engineers)

CSA (Connectivity Standards Alliance)

CCC Car Connectivity Consortium

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 65

Talent Cultivation
High-caliber interdisciplinary experts are crucial for the ongoing innovation and development of the ICT industry. vivo is dedicated to building research platforms that support talented individuals in conducting innovative research, thereby strengthening the industry's workforce and fostering growth in the ICT sector.
 Joining hands with universities: vivo collaborates with leading universities such as Tsinghua University, Peking University, Zhejiang University, and Hong Kong Polytechnic University to establish comprehensive strategic partnerships. By integrating industry, academia, and research, we leverage these institutions' scientific research capabilities and teaching resources. By jointly building R&D centers and holding technical competitions and expert forums, we seek to develop a new model of talent cultivation and contributes to the incubation of industry innovations.
 Research projects: vivo has undertaken several national, provincial, and municipal research projects and has published numerous monographs, including The Fifth Generation Wireless Paradigm: from Building Blocks to Complete Networking, A Systematic View on 5G from Creation to Innovation, and 6G: Transformation from Communication to Multi-capability Convergence. These efforts facilitate the integration of knowledge and application, promoting a positive cycle of collaboration between industry, academia, research, and practical application.
Huazhong University of Science and Technology-vivo Information and Communication Joint Research Center established In May 2023, the Huazhong University of Science and Technology-vivo Joint Research Center for Information and Communication was inaugurated at vivo' s Dongguan headquarters. Focusing on image processing, AI, communication technology, and extended reality, the center deepens the two parties' strategic cooperation in scientific research, personnel training, and the transformation of achievements. The aim is to create more leading breakthroughs and jointly incubate and research advanced communication technology under long-term and stable industry-academia-research partnerships.

"Nanjing University-vivo" Hackathon In 2023, the Software Institute of Nanjing University and vivo hosted a Hackathon for college students in software engineering and related fields in China. A total of 66 teams with 198 participants from 27 universities across China participated in the competition. The Hackathon increased the exchange of talented students from different universities, cultivated participants' teamwork and innovation mindset, and comprehensively enhanced their software development ability.
OpenAtom Open Source Competition--vivo BlueOS Innovation Competition In 2024, vivo joined the OpenAtom Foundation and other organizations to host the OpenAtom Open Source Competition--vivo BlueOS Innovation Competition, featured two topics, "BlueOS Innovative Application Development" and "BlueOS Code Translation Tools." More than 300 developers and more than 200 teams participated in the competition. This event aimed to nurture talent with OS knowledge and skills, build an open platform for high-caliber OS technicians to exchange, display their talent, and collaborate, and boost the global open source ecology.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing

Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 66

06
Community Responsibility
Sound Operation Business Ethics Public Welfare Global Welfare

67

Percentage of employees covered by information security training reached
100%
The signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers:
100%
The signing rate of the Integrity Commitment with employees:
100%

The "National Parks Protection Campaign" had covered national parks:
4
The "National Parks Protection Campaign" had covered nature reserves:
38
The "National Parks Protection Campaign" supporting patrols nearly:
10,000

Upholding the concept of "shoring up a bright responsible future", vivo is committed to delivering sustainable value for society with strong enthusiasm. We have been insisting on compliance operation, promoting robust internal governance, following business ethics and fully supporting fair trade. As an active participant in global public welfare, we promote social development both at home and abroad by leveraging our strengths, with a particular focus on public demands. With these efforts, we strive to promote a virtuous cycle of our development and social growth.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 68

Sound Operation
Healthy corporate governance is the cornerstone for the sustainable development of a company. vivo always adheres to principles of legal and compliant operations by strengthening our corporate governance foundation and fortifying our information security measures to support steady growth.
Information Security Compliance
Information security safeguards our core competitiveness. For this purpose, we have built five protective screens for information security. Specifically, we have established and improved the information security management framework, with execution teams appointed accordingly. We also insist on upgrading information security protection technology. In accordance with laws and regulations as well as industry standards, we have established a sound process and system for information security. Meanwhile, we regularly conduct information security training and drills, to build a robust information security firewall. In case of an information security incident, relevant departments will act immediately, and an intensive training will be organized for the relevant departments to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents. In 2023, vivo experienced a total of 18 information security incidents, all of which were promptly addressed, followed by reviews and improvements to reduce the risk of recurrence.
Information Security Management
vivo complies with the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Measures for Administration of Classified Protection of Information Security, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and other relevant Chinese and international regulations. In line with these laws, we have developed a comprehensive set of internal regulations, including the Information Security Manual, Information Security Management Strategy, the Cybersecurity Management System, and the IT Network Security System. In 2023, we continued to refine the Information Security Management System, providing a solid institutional guarantee for our information security management. We have clearly defined the roles within the Information Security Committee, with our executive vice president serving as the highest responsible person, and members including general managers from various departments, are responsible for developing our information security policies, participating in management reviews, and ensuring that our information security efforts are organized and effective. In 2023, we continued to obtain the ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System certification.

 Enhancing risk management capability: We adhere to the " five components of information security word", which include risk control, training and communication, measure verification, continuous refinement, and rewards and punishments. To defend against information security risks from multiple dimensions, we conduct annual internal and external audits in key areas, carry out offensive and defensive exercises, and use virtual secure desktop technology.
 Optimizing the emergency response process: We have established a cybersecurity incident emergency response team with clearly defined responsibilities for each member. We have put in place the vivo Cybersecurity Incident Emergency Response Process and implemented classified and graded management of information security incidents, providing guidance for responding and handling various types of information security incidents, and ensuring efficient emergency response execution.
 Extended risk management: We audit information security systems and controls, implement improvements based on audit results, and enhance our information security assurance capabilities. In 2023, vivo continued to conduct information security audits on business partners.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 69

Security Technology Upgrade
vivo stays committed to upgrading its information security protection technology. We safeguard our networks, applications, operating systems, and databases by employing a comprehensive and multi-layered security defense system. This system includes an intrusion detection system (IDS) for all traffic, a web application firewall, a next-generation firewall, a host-based intrusion detection system (HIDS), a big data security platform, a security operation center, and attack surface management (ASM). These tools and mechanisms enable us to efficiently identify and protect against external threats at each critical level.
 Text encryption technology: We categorize and manage the company's data and information confidentially, employing data encryption, anonymization, desensitization, and auditing techniques to ensure data security during storage, transmission, and use. In 2023, we implemented robust protective measures for core business areas to restrict the dissemination of sensitive information.
 Identity authentication technology: We adopt the single sign-on (SSO) system, two-factor authentication, Oauth2/SAML authentication, and fingerprint and facial recognition through the FIDO2 authentication to enhance the accuracy and convenience of user identity verification. As of the end of 2023, we had integrated these technologies across more than 360 business systems, providing a seamless login experience and unified identity authentication and access control for users.
 Access control technology: We apply the "principle of least privilege" for access control across various public cloud regions to reduce security risks. We leverage secure sandboxing to isolate production environment servers in development and operations scenarios, ensuring the security of business and user data. We have also strengthened permission control, data isolation, and export auditing for operations on production system databases to ensure traceability and security.
We continue to carry out information security exercises and participate in real-world offensive and defensive drills to test, identify, and resolve security vulnerabilities, thereby enhancing our information security defense capabilities. In 2023, we conducted internal penetration testing, proactively identifying and addressing 830 risks. Additionally, we participated in the joint cybersecurity offensive and defensive exercise between Dongguan and Shaoguan. During this exercise, we achieved a perfect score with zero points lost as defenders among 353 government and enterprise units, demonstrating vivo's professionalism and commitment to security protection.

Conducting the Confrontation Exercise To enhance the Company's cybersecurity defense capabilities, vivo actively conducted a team confrontation exercise to test the security defenses of business systems and office network environments. This allows for the timely identification and repair of potential security vulnerabilities and the development of targeted risk response plans. In 2023, we conducted four internal team confrontation exercises, conducting lateral penetration tests for key special services, important centralized operations and maintenance, the SSO system, and more. We identified and tracked more than 15 high-risk vulnerabilities and achieved a 100% repair rate.
Information Security Publicity
vivo enhances information security awareness among employees and partners through a combination of online and offline training. In 2023, we conducted information security training for all new hires and current employees, with specialized training and assessments for key positions. This included targeted information security assessments for key projects for 2,816 individuals, with a pass rate of 100%. We also encourage employees in critical positions to obtain relevant information security certifications, with 99 representatives obtaining ISO 27001 Internal Auditor Certification this year. To boost our suppliers' information security management capabilities, we utilize various methods such as short videos and one-on-one tutoring. We hold an annual Developer Conference to recognize partners who have performed excellently in ensuring vivo's information security, working together to build a secure and reliable ecosystem for cooperation.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 70

Business Ethics
vivo adheres to the core philosophy of "operating with integrity and abiding by business ethics" in business management. We ensure the effective implementation of business ethics standards and management systems, oppose unfair competition, and maintain a zero-tolerance policy towards any form of commercial bribery and corruption. Our commitment is to uphold market fairness and order.
Fair Trade
We have formulated and implemented comprehensive regulations and policies to ensure compliance with anti-trust and competition laws worldwide. These include the vivo Overseas Anti-Trust and Competition Law Compliance Policy, the vivo Anti-Monopoly Compliance System, the Guidelines for responding to Anti-monopoly investigations, and the Guidelines for Identifying & Preventing the Maintenance of Resale Price in monopoly agreements with trading counterparties.In China, we have strengthened the structure and responsibilities of the Anti-Monopoly Compliance Committee, adhering to our internal anti-monopoly compliance strategy, setting clear objectives, and implementing effective prevention and improvement mechanisms to mitigate the risks of monopolization.
We conduct regular anti-monopoly compliance self-examinations and inspections, distribute self-examination checklists, and perform compliance spot checks on sales policy documents to ensure thorough risk prevention and oversight. Any issues identified during inspections are promptly addressed and corrected, enhancing our internal legal review mechanisms to prevent monopoly violations.
We have established and improved the overseas legal compliance system, aiming to conduct the checklist-based spot check of the anti-monopoly and competition law systems in key overseas markets, comprehensively review potential legal risks, and require regional heads to conduct self-inspections and self-examinations on compliance with anti-monopoly and competition laws. In 2023, vivo completed the spot check and risk review of all key overseas regions.
vivo emphasizes the importance of anti-monopoly and competition law compliance among its employees. Our overseas legal team regularly monitors, analyzes, and interprets the latest developments and key cases

related to anti-monopoly and competition laws in international markets, providing timely and professional legal information. Based on the results of self-inspections and self-examinations within our overseas legal compliance framework, and the research on market share, horizontal and vertical agreements, and institutional investigations, we regularly organize training and awareness activities for relevant personnel. These sessions include in-depth interpretations of legal provisions and disclosures of compliance risks, thereby enhancing the compliance awareness of our business teams. In 2023, vivo completed the work of disclosing anti-monopoly and competition law compliance risks and promoting compliance awareness in key overseas markets.
Integrity Building
vivo upholds a strict anti-corruption philosophy of "zero tolerance," "full coverage," and "accountability system," adhering to the principles of "prudence, compliance, and confidentiality" in anti-corruption investigations. We are committed to standardizing our integrity system, improving integrity mechanisms, and normalizing and diversifying integrity education, thereby fostering a corporate culture of integrity and honesty.
We strictly adhere to management norms and policies such as the Code of Integrity and the Code of Business Conduct for Company Employees. We have further refined the Code for the Declaration Management of Conflict of Interest and the Rules for the Management of Business Gift Presentation and Acceptance, clarifying the behavioral norms and ethical standards that all our employees must follow when conducting business. We have established an integrity and compliance team responsible for promoting the development and enhancement of the integrity system, planning and executing integrity training and promotion initiatives, as well as conducting investigations into corrupt behaviors, and strengthening anti-corruption management. We actively participate in external industry integrity collaborations, deeply engaging in activities organized by the China Enterprise Anti-Fraud Alliance and the Trust and Integrity Enterprise Alliance to jointly create a clean, upright, and integrity-based business environment.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 71

 Collaborative supervision: We utilize both internal and external resources to enhance our internal audit mechanisms and control environment, thereby improving the integrity system's coverage. In 2023, vivo's internal audits and risk assessments of business ethics covered all operational locations.
 Investigation and handling: We conduct thorough investigations into all corrupt practices while protecting the legitimate rights and interests of employees. This includes addressing gang-related corruption and internal-external collusion. We adhere to the principle of investigating both bribery and the acceptance of bribes to ensure thorough and fair investigations. We uncover the truth of corruption, offenders are disciplined or dismissed based on the severity of their actions, and supervisors or management found negligent are also held accountable.
 Reporting management: vivo encourages employees, suppliers, and other business partners, as well as the general public to report any instances of bribery, related-party transactions, fraud, or other improper activities under their real names. We provide generous rewards for the whistleblower once their reports are verified, and we keep their personal information confidential to prevent retaliation. In 2023, the Company did not experience any confirmed business ethics incidents reported through the reporting process.

We require every new hire to complete integrity training during the onboarding process, organize regular integrity training sessions for current employees, and fortify the ideological defense line against corruption through diverse publicity campaigns such as integrity lectures, integrity weeks, public auctions, integrity education videos, inviting external industry experts for professional education and producing short videos. In 2023, we conducted 22 anti-corruption special training sessions, involving 2,467 core position employees who participated in the training and passed the assessment, achieving a 100% coverage rate of employees trained in business ethics. We require all employees to sign the Integrity Commitment. In 2023, the signing rate reached 100%.
vivo sticks to the principles of "honesty, integrity, mutual trust, and win-win cooperation" throughout partnerships for honest operation. We have disclosed documents such as the Statement of Integrity and Honest Cooperation and the Anti-Corruption Commitment on the official website to clarify our anti-corruption policies among partners. In 2023, we achieved a 100% signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers, ensuring their commitment to vivo's anti-corruption standards and requirements. We also continue to foster a culture of integrity within our supply chain by regularly organizing integrity and honesty cooperation symposiums for suppliers, promoting integrity among our partners, and maintaining a clean and fair business environment.

100%
Percentage of operational locations covered by vivo's internal audits and risk assessments of business ethics:
22
The number of anti-corruption training sessions held:
2,476
The number of employees participating in anti-corruption training:
100%
The signing rate of the Integrity Commitment with employees:
100%
The signing rate of the Integrity and Honest Cooperation Agreement with key suppliers:

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 72

Public Welfare
As a corporate citizen, vivo keeps focusing on the public development and human well-being and paying earnest attention to basic and developmental needs of all sectors of society. By leveraging our platform and technological strengths, we enhance information accessibility through various featured public welfare programs, bringing convenience and joy to everyone through technology. We support rural education and focus on improving rural children's aesthetic education to comprehensively enhance their appreciation of the arts. Additionally, we remain committed to public welfare and charity, giving back to society with sincerity, enhancing people's well-being, and creating social value.
Supporting Rural Revitalization with Aesthetic Education, Enlightening the Next Generation
Aesthetic education is an important way to stimulate and cultivate creativity and a deeper appreciation of life. vivo has long been committed to using technology to advance aesthetic education in China, allowing every child to discover, experience, and create beauty.
In July 2022, vivo, in collaboration with the Adream Foundation and the China Academy of Art Education Foundation, launched the Capture the Future Public Welfare Program32. This initiative aims to empower rural aesthetic education and enhance children's literacy in the arts, immersing them in the world of art. The program helps improve children's aesthetic appreciation and fosters a sense of identity and pride in Chinese native culture, thereby nurturing their imagination and creativity.
The program has reached 29 rural central primary schools across six counties in four provinces: Jiangxi, Guizhou, Gansu, and Yunnan. It has provided systematic art training for over 120 art teachers and distinctive aesthetic education courses and practices for approximately 40,000 children. Additionally, it is gradually building an aesthetic education sharing platform, setting a benchmark for "technology in aesthetic education." In 2023, we continued to support rural schools by donating a total of 2,970 boxes of aesthetic education materials and 320 vivo Pad2 devices. We also organized a series of activities, including summer camps, teacher training sessions, and aesthetic education study camps for principals and rural education officials.

 Capture the Future Summer Camp During the summer of 2023, vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program invited children and teachers from six counties across four provinces to Shenzhen to participate in the Capture the Future Summer Camp. This initiative aimed to broaden the horizons of rural children with a theme centered on "Aesthetic Education x Creativity x Technology", enhancing their perception, imagination, and creativity. The program seeks to empower rural aesthetic education and raise public awareness about its importance. During the summer camp, children visited the vivo laboratory, where they were inspired to explore new ideas. They participated in seaside photography sessions and urban exploration activities to heighten their sensory awareness, and aesthetic education workshops to foster their creativity.  Aesthetic Education Incubation vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program held five training sessions for aesthetic education teachers across six counties in four provinces, with a total of 160 participants. We regularly invited public welfare education experts to visit rural areas and provide targeted teaching guidance, improving the aesthetic education literacy and teaching skills of rural teachers. We also organized study and training programs for 49 rural principals and teachers, supporting the implementation of aesthetic education in rural schools through themed sharing, school visits, and collaborative workshops.
Capture the Future Summer Camp

32The Capture the Future Public Welfare Program was filed as "Adream Foundation - vivo Aesthetic Education Foundation" in the Civil Affairs Bureau.

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 73

In collaboration with the Shanghai Adream Development Center and the Shanghai Helin Art Promotion Institution, vivo organized the Capture the Future Rural Education Officials Aesthetic Education Study Camp. This camp fosters dialogue and cooperation between urban and rural aesthetic education through participatory art activities and interactions with aesthetic education experts.
This year, vivo's Capture the Future Public Welfare Program received widespread praise from all sectors of society, winning awards such as the "Annual Rural Revitalization High-Quality Project" at the Southern Weekly Dreamers Public Welfare Conference, the "Annual Responsible Brand" at the 2023 Annual Charity Gala of Weibo, the "Annual Responsible Practice and Public Welfare Project" at The Paper's 2023 Responsibility Practitioners Meeting, one of the "Top Ten Outstanding Charity Cases of 2023" by Jiemian. com, and the "Annual ESG Development Excellence Case" of the Huanqiu.com 2023 Global Trends Case, among others. vivo will continue to steadfastly advance on the path of promoting the development of aesthetic education in China.

In 2022, the program supported 133 parents with hearing impairments, helping them "listen" to their children's needs. In 2023, the program shifted its focus to helping young people with hearing impairments find employment, launching initiatives to support their job searches and career development.  Concern for the employment of people with hearing impairments in China: Together with the ADFC
and Southern Weekly, we conducted a research project, released the Employment Research Report of the Hearing-Impaired, and filmed the documentary Silent Youth. This project aimed to highlight the core employment needs of the hearing-impaired community, advocating for greater industry and societal focus on improving their employment opportunities.  Support for the career development of youth with disabilities: We donated accessible smart devices to 500 hearing-impaired students and young individuals from special education schools nationwide. We also organized a series of employment skills training sessions, covering topics such as AI annotation skills, workplace psychological adjustment, and industry knowledge promotion, to help them better integrate into society and the workforce.  Launching the User Exchange Workshop: The 2023 "Echo of Care Public Welfare Program" User Exchange Workshop was held in Beijing and Guangzhou, inviting users of the public welfare program to meet and exchange with vivo engineers. This workshop provided a platform for users to share their accessibility needs and feedback on product experiences, fostering greater involvement of young people with disabilities in vivo's accessibility initiatives.
On November 1, 2023, vivo officially launched the third "Echo of Care Public Welfare Program." In collaboration with mentors for the disabled, we visited schools for students with special needs to help young people with disabilities explore and discover new possibilities in life.
This year, the "Echo of Care Public Welfare Program" was recognized as an excellent example of AI application in public welfare and was selected for the World Internet Conference's AI For Social Good Action Plan as a "Typical Practice of AI in Global Public Welfare." Notably, it was the only case selected from a mobile phone brand by the World Internet Conference.

Love Without Hindrance, Voice with Breath
We believe that love and technology can overcome any barrier. We are dedicated to ensuring that technological innovations benefit everyone, bridging the digital divide, and exploring the intersection of technology and public welfare.
In 2021, vivo joined hands with the Audiology Development Foundation of China (ADFC) and other public welfare partners to launch the "Echo of Care Public Welfare Program." This initiative aims to improve communication and quality of life for people with disabilities through technological co-creation, donations, joint research, and public welfare advocacy. Our goal is to help create a more accessible social environment and promote the integration of people with disabilities.

Silent Youth documentary

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 74

Driving Ecological Construction with Technology, Safeguarding the Natural Harmony
As the ecological environment is the foundation for human survival and development, vivo has been vigorously contributing to the ecological civilization. Integrating technology into environmental protection practices, we drive the public to pursue a green lifestyle.
Since 2022, vivo has been playing an active role in the "National Parks Protection Campaign" with various efforts such as equipment donation, skill training, and public welfare advocacy. vivo leverages the power of technological innovation to support the construction of national parks and the protection of biodiversity, promoting the safe and efficient conduct of patrol work in nature reserves. As of the end of 2023, this initiative had covered the Three-River Source National Park, Qilian Mountain National Park, Northeast China Tiger and Leopard National Park, Asian Elephant National Park, and 38 other nature reserves, supporting nearly ten thousand patrols.  Patrol equipment donation: vivo donated over RMB 1.2 million of professional patrol
equipment, including vivo smartphones, watches, power banks, and first aid kits to patrols in national parks and nature reserves, ensuring professional, intelligent, and safe field patrols to improve effectiveness and efficiency.  Patrol course development: vivo collaborated with industry experts to develop patrol courses and produced a long video featuring real-life patrols, short animated videos on field patrol, and a field patrol skills manual. The material was promoted in national parks and nature reserves worldwide through regional partners, with over 10,000 patrols watching the videos and using the field patrol skills manual. The related courses were also released on social media platforms like Weibo, WeChat, and short video platforms with over 2.15 million views, effectively promoting field survival knowledge and skills to the general public.

 Patrol capability training: vivo conducted patrol management capability training and competitions for patrols in national parks and nature reserves, enhancing their professional skills and emergency response capabilities in the field.
Creating Public Values Through Digital Platforms
We strive to promote digital platform-based public welfare and encourage public engagement. In 2023, we continued to launch various public welfare activities on the vivo credit point mall, such as the Capture the Future Public Welfare Program, the Echo of Care Public Welfare Program, and the quiz-based "National Parks Protection Campaign" to promote science awareness. These initiatives aim to increase public participation in information accessibility, environmental protection, and rural aesthetic education. Through the vivo credit point mall, we converted users' valuable actions within the vivo ecosystem into social contributions. In 2023, the vivo credit point mall attracted a total of 157,928 participants, receiving 5,041,193 boosts of loving hearts.

4
The "National Parks Protection Campaign" had covered national parks:
38
The "National Parks Protection Campaign" had covered nature reserves:
10,000
The "National Parks Protection Campaign" supporting patrols nearly:

burhel National Parks Protection Campaign

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 75

Global Welfare
As we continue to expand our global business, we remain committed to supporting local communities and contributing to their sustainable development. In 2023, vivo's global team implemented a series of public welfare projects across various fields, including childcare, environmental protection, and community development, making significant contributions to building a better world.
Caring for Development of the Needy Children
vivo pays attention to the all-round development of underprivileged children in developing countries. We actively contribute to children's health, education, and welfare. In 2023, vivo provided abundant learning and living materials for impoverished children in countries such as Thailand, Bangladesh, and Colombia. Through donations and organization of imaging course activities, we enhanced the quality of life for these children and empowered their future with technology and aesthetic education.
"Capture the Future" CSR Program vivo partnered with SOS Children's Villages to launch the "Capture the Future" program in Bangladesh, fully leveraging the Company's advantages in the field of photography technology. A three-year public welfare imaging course was initiated for the children of six children's villages in the area and donated BDT 8 million to SOS Children's Villages, injecting new vitality into the development of quality education for children in Bangladesh.

Environmental Protection
vivo recognizes that the ecological environment is fundamental to human existence and that a healthy environment is essential for maintaining human health and safety. We are committed to environmental protection through concrete actions aimed at maintaining ecological balance.
The Ocean Cleanup Action in Colombia33 In September 2023, members of vivo's Colombia team collaborated with students from the University of Magdalena to initiate an ocean cleanup action. Together, they investigated the various environmental protection measures adopted by vivo globally. They also went to Santa Marta to clean up the trash on the beach, taking concrete action to protect marine ecology.
Community Donation
vivo is committed to promoting community development in the areas where it operates and actively fulfills its social responsibility commitments. In 2023, escorted by Dubai police, we delivered essential living supplies and food to over 500 workers in labor camps. Additionally, our team in Sri Lanka donated solid food to 800 patients at a cancer hospital34, demonstrating our commitment to care and support.

33The event was initiated by the local agency team in the name of vivo. 34The event was initiated by the local agency team in the name of vivo.

vivo's Sri Lanka team donates solid food to patients in a cancer hospital

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 76

GRI Standard Index

GRI Index

Chapter

General disclosure

GRI 2Organization and its Reporting Practices

GRI 2-1

Organizational details

About the Report

GRI 2-2

Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting

About the Report

GRI 2-3

Reporting period, frequency and contact information

About the Report

GRI 2-4 Restatements of information

About the Report

GRI 2-5 External assurance

About the Report

GRI 2Activities and Workers

GRI 2-6

Activities, value chain, and other business relationships

Company Profile

Page SDGs
P03 P03 P03 P03 P03
P05

GRI 2-7

Employees

Employee Growth

P53-59

GRI 2Governance GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition

GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body

GRI 2-12

Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts

Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance Sustainability Governance

P09-14 P09-14 P09-14

GRI 2-13

Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts

Sustainability Governance P09-14

GRI 2-14

Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting

Sustainability Governance P09-14

GRI 2-15 GRI 2-16

Conflicts of interest Communication of critical concerns

Business Ethics Sustainability Governance

P70-71 P09-14

GRI Index

General disclosure

GRI 2Strategy, policies and practices

GRI 2-22

Statement on sustainable development strategy

GRI 2-23 Policy commitments

GRI 2-24 Embedding policy commitments

GRI 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts

GRI 2-26

Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns

GRI 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations

GRI 2-28 Membership associations GRI 2Stakeholder engagement GRI 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagemen

GRI 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements

GRI 3Material Topics 2021

GRI 3-1

Process to determine material topics

GRI 3-2 List of material topics

GRI 3-3 Management of material topics

Economic

GRI 201Economic Performance

GRI 201-2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change

GRI 201-3

Defined fixed benefit plans and other retirement plans

Chapter

Page SDGs

Sustainability Governance P09-14

Sustainability Governance P09-14

Sustainability Governance P09-14

Sound Operation

P64-66

Sustainability Governance P09-14

Sound Operation Industrial Co-Prosperity

P68-69 P62-65

Sustainability Governance P09-14

Employee Growth

P53-59

Sustainability Governance P09-14 Sustainability Governance P09-14 Sustainability Governance P09-14

Green Operation Employee Growth

P43-50 P53-59

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 77

GRI Index

Economic

GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts

GRI 203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

GRI 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts

GRI 205Anti-corruption

GRI 205-1

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

GRI 205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

Environment

GRI 301Materials

GRI 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume

GRI 301-2 Recycled input materials used

GRI 301-3

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials

GRI 302Energy

GRI 302-1

Energy consumption within the organization

GRI 302-2

Energy consumption outside of the organization

GRI 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

GRI 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services

GRI 303Water and Effluents

GRI 303-1

Interactions with water as a shared resource

GRI 303-2

Management of water discharge-related impacts

Chapter
Public Welfare Global Welfare Public Welfare Global Welfare
Business Ethics Business Ethics
Eco-Friendly Product Eco-Friendly Product Eco-Friendly Product
Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Eco-Friendly Product Green Operation
Green Operation Green Operation

Page SDGs
P72-75 P72-75
P70-71 P70-71
P38-42 P38-42 P38-42
P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P38-50
P50-55 P43-50

GRI Index Environment GRI 303Water and Effluents GRI 303-3 Water withdrawal GRI 302-4 Water discharge GRI 303-5 Water consumption GRI 304Biodiversity GRI 304-3 Habitats protected or restored

Chapter
Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Public Welfare

GRI 305Emissions

GRI 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

GRI 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

GRI 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions

GRI 305-7

Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions

GRI 306Waste

GRI 306-1

Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

GRI 306-2

Management of significant waste-related impacts

GRI 306-3 Waste generated

GRI 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

GRI 306-5 Waste directed to disposal

GRI 308Supplier Environmental Assessment

GRI 308-1

New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria

GRI 308-2

Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation
Green Operation
Green Operation
Green Operation Green Operation Green Operation
Win-Win Cooperation Win-Win Cooperation

Page SDGs
P43-50 P43-50 P38-42
P72-74
P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50
P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50 P43-50
P60-61 P60-61

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 78

GRI Index Society

GRI 401Employment

GRI 401-2

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees

GRI 401-3 Parental leave

GRI 403Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

GRI 403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

GRI 403-3 Occupational health services

GRI 403-4

Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety

GRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety

GRI 403-6 Promotion of worker health

GRI 403-7

Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

GRI 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system

GRI 403-9 Work-related injuries GRI 403-10 Work-related ill health

GRI 404Training and Education

GRI 404-1

Average hours of training per year per employee

GRI 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

GRI 404-3

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews

Chapter
Employee Growth Employee Growth
Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth
Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth
Employee Growth Employee Growth Employee Growth

Page SDGs
P53-59 P50-55 P53-59
P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59 P53-59
P53-59 P53-59 P53-59
P53-59 P53-59 P53-59

GRI Index Society GRI 405Diversity and Equal Opportunity

GRI 405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Chapter Employee Growth

Page SDGs P53-59

GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

Employee Growth

P53-59

GRI 406Non-discrimination

GRI 406-1

Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken

Employee Growth

P53-59

GRI 413Local Communities

GRI 413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs

Public Welfare Global Welfare

P72-75

GRI 414Supplier Social Assessment

GRI 414-1

New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

Win-Win Cooperation

P60-61

GRI 414-2

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

GRI 416Customer Health and Safety

Win-Win Cooperation

P60-61

GRI 416-1

Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories

Product Safety and Reliability P29-33

Eco-Friendly Products

P38-42

GRI 416-2

Incidents of noncompliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services

Eco-Friendly Products

P38-42

GRI 417Marketing and Labeling

GRI 417-1

Requirements for product and service information and labeling

GRI 418Customer Privacy

GRI 418-1

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data

Product Safety and Reliability P29-33

Eco-Friendly Products

P38-42

Product Safety and Reliability

P29-33

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 79

Independence Assurance Report

ASSURANCE STATEMENT

SGS-CSTC'S REPORT ON SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES IN THE IVO HOLDINGS LIMITED's 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

NATURE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION SGS-CSTC STANDARDS TECHNICAL SERVICES CO., LTD. (hereinafter referred to as SGS) was commissioned by VIVO HOLDINGS LIMITED to conduct an independent assurance of the Chinese version of VIVO HOLDINGS LIMITED's (hereinafter referred to as vivo ) 2023 Sustainability Report (hereinafter referred to as the Report).

INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all vivo's Stakeholders.

RESPONSIBILITIES The relevant information in the vivo's 2023 Sustainability Report verified in this assurance porcess is the responsibility of the management and relevant functional departments of vivo. SGS has not been involved in the preparation of any of the material related to these data.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the data within the scope of verification with the intention to inform all vivo's stakeholders.

ASSURANCE STANDARDS, TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE The SGS ESG & Sustainability Report Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon internationally recognised assurance guidance and standards including the principles of reporting process contained within the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) GRI 1: Foundation 2021 for report quality, GRI 2 General Disclosure 2021 for organisation's reporting practices and other organizational detail, GRI 3 2021 for organisation's process of determining material topics, its list of material topics and how to manages each topic, and the guidance on levels of assurance contained within the AA1000 series of standards.

The assurance of this Specify Performance Information has been conducted according to the following

Assurance Standards:



SGS ESG & SRA Assurance Protocols (based on GRI Principles and guidance in AA1000)

Assurance has been conducted at a moderate level of scrutiny.

SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA The scope of the assurance, based on the SGS Sustainability Report Assurance methodology, included the selected 2023 sustainability development Specify Performance Information listed below. Other data and information disclosed were not included in this assurance process. Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts has not been checked back to source as part of this assurance process.

Economic Indicators
Social Indicators

Number of patents, number of countries and regions covered by overseas service centers, data on "going global" service activities, blue chip technology stack data, headphone noise reduction data, eye health data, product quality management data.
Word data and accuracy data of sign language translators, car horn voice recognition rate, smoke alarm voice recognition rate, elder care data, color research data, children's mode online audio album data, "health" APP course data, safety compliance training sessions and number of trainees, labor contract signing rate, data of minority employees, female employees and senior managers, occupational disease incidence rate and employee physical examination rate, EHS training data, employee training duration, supplier management data, anti-corruption training data.

Environmental Indicators

Material reduction data, annual usage of biobased materials, usage of organic silicon leather, proportion of recycled glass to total glass material usage, proportion of recycled aluminum alloy materials to total aluminum alloy material usage, process utilization rate of aluminum alloy, packaging weight reduction data, raw material transportation cardboard box recycling rate, restricted types of harmful substances, total amount of old machine recycling, total water saving in 2023, water saving in recycling projects, total water consumption in Chongqing Industrial Park, water consumption in Dongguan Park, total amount of hazardous waste, total amount of harmless waste, compliance disposal rate of hazardous waste, recycling and utilization rate of harmless waste, standard discharge rate of wastewater, standard discharge rate of exhaust gas, total greenhouse gas emissions in Scope 1 and Scope 2 Energy consumption of vivo's global headquarters in 2023, year-onyear decline rate of annual energy consumption of single machines in global manufacturing centers, photovoltaic power generation data, carbon emission reduction quantity

ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY The assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, interviews with relevant employees onsite at vivo headquarters.

LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION This assurance methodology is group verification, the original data of all subsidiaries under vivo has not been traced. The assurance process only involved interviews with the heads of relevant departments and certain employees of headquarters as well as validation of relevant documents. No external stakeholder involved.
Financial data drawn directly from independently audited financial accounts has not been checked back to
source as part of this assurance process. The carbon emission related data in the report is only verified through third-party verification or self accounting, and the on-site assurance of this data is only based on sampling.

STATEMENT OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and verification, operating in multiple countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report assurance. SGS affirm our independence from vivo, being free from bias and conflicts of interest with the organisation, its subsidiaries and stakeholders.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment.

FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS

ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION OPINION On the basis of the methodology described and the verification work performed, the relevant information in the vivo's 2023 Sustainability Report verified in this assurance porcess is accurate, reliable and provides a fair representation of vivo sustainability activities' performance in 2023. The assurance team is of the opinion that these data can be used by the Reporting Organization's takeholders.
FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS The assurance team believes that the Report with reference to the GRI Standards 2021.

Principles

Accuracy Information in the report was accurate, enable to release more qualitative and quantitative information with indicators for stakeholders.

Balance The Report followed the balance principle and truthfully disclosed the positive and negative information.

Clarity The Report was presented different ways with words, charts, graphics and pictures, also described with actual cases to ensure the stakeholders understanding easily. Comparability The Report had disclosed performance indicators in 2023, previous data of partial indicators were disclosed, which could help stakeholders to understand and compare the improved performance year by year.
Completeness The Report included coverage of material aspects and boundaries, to reflect significant economic, environmental and social impacts and enable stakeholders to assess the organization's performance in the reporting period.
Sustainability Context The Report included coverage of material aspects and boundaries, to reflect significant economic, environmental and social impacts and enable stakeholders to assess the organization's performance in the reporting period.
Timeliness The timeliness of sustainability report has further room for improvement.
Verifiability The data and information can be traced and verified.
Management Approach The Report had disclosed the management approach of identified material topics.
General Disclosures The general disclosures were partly presented in accordance with GRI 2: general disclosures 2021.
Topic-Specific Disclosures Vivo's topic-specific disclosures related to the material topics in economic, environmental, and social areas were in accordance with GRI Standards.
Findings and recommendations Good practices and recommendations for sustainability report and management process were described in the internal management report which has been submitted to the management of vivo for continuous improvement.
Signed:
For and on behalf of SGS-CSTC David Xin Sr. Director - Business Assurance 16/F Century Yuhui Mansion, No. 73, Fucheng Road, Beijing, P.R. China
Sep. 6th 2024 WWW.SGS.COM

About the Report

Responsibility Message About vivo

Sustainability Governance Technology Sharing Green Symbiosis Value Creation Community Responsibility Appendix Feedback Form Sustainability Report 80

vivo Certification List35

Topic Dimensions

Name of Certification

Barrier-free design

The Information Accessibility Inspection Certificate issued by the China Association of the Persons with Visual Disabilities, China Braille Library, and the China Telecommunication Technology Labs-Terminals of the CAICT.

Protection of Minors in Cyberspace
Promoting healthier life with technology

vivo Pad Air received the Certificate of Functionality for Child and Youth Protection in Mobile Terminal.
vivo TWS 4 received the highest A+ noise reduction certification from the China Audio Industry Association (CAIA).

Product quality and safety
Customer privacy protection

ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. IATA's CEIV Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO/IEC 17025 2017 CNAS Laboratory Accreditation Certificate for the Testing Centre of vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO/IEC 17025 2017 cetecom Competency Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. TV Rheinland Laboratory Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.
European Privacy Certification ePrivacySeal for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. CSA STAR Management System Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ioXt Security Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO/IEC 27701 Privacy Information Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO/IEC 27018 Protection of Personally Identifiable Information Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. vivo OriginOS received 5-star certification of "Personal Information Protection Capability of Mobile Intelligent Terminal Operating System" from Telecommunication Technology Labs. X Fold 2 received CC MDFPP Certificate 3.0 vivo X Notevivo X Fold received level-5 certification of "Mobile Intelligent Terminal Security Capabilit" from Telecommunication Technology Labs.

Customer service

5-star SGS Certificate for " Evaluation system for after-sales service of commodity" for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.

Control of hazardous substances

IECQ QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.

Environmental management

ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd.

Energy management
Occupational health and safety

ISO 50001 Energy Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd. ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication (Chongqing) Co., Ltd.

Information security

ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System Certificate for vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.

35The information on certifications included in this list relates only to the topics of this report, and information on certifications not mentioned in this report is not further disclosed here.

Feedback Form
Dear readers: Thank you for reading this Report. Your views and insights are very important to us. We sincerely hope that you could evaluate this Report and make valuable comments to help us make continuous improvement. Should you have any comments or suggestions on our sustainability governance or information disclosure, please feel free to email us by CSR@vivo.com.
Feedback Form for vivo Holdings Limited Sustainability Report 2023 Name Work Unit Position Tel Email

Your comments on this Report: (please tick  where appropriate)

Do you think this Report has highlighted the important information about vivo in terms of sustainable development?

Very good Good Average Needs improvement

Do you think the information and indicators disclosed in this Report are clear, accurate and complete?

Do you find the layout and style of this Report easy to read?

Other opinions:
Which part of the Report are you most interested in?
What information you think you need to know is not reflected in the Report?
Do you have any other suggestions for us to issue the sustainability report in the future?

100

