VALUE Creation through MUTUALISM ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 2021ANTA SPORTS PRODUCTS LIMITED Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability Stock Code 2020 Reporting Principles This is the 7th ESG Report presented by ANTA Sports. This Report covers our ESG performance and practice across all our operations (including branding, production, design, procurement, supply chain management, wholesale and retail of branded sporting goods) in our principal places of business across China from 1 January to 31 December 2021. For the purpose of Report preparation, we have engaged an independent professional consultant to seamlessly communicate with our major stakeholders and, with adequate consideration of the opinions of all parties, to identify key issues and determine the specific content of the Report. Reporting Boundary The manufacturing facilities covered in this Report include ANTA (China) Co., Ltd., Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd., Quanzhou ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Sports Goods Co., Ltd., Xiamen ANTA Industrial Co., Ltd., Changting ANTA Sports Products Co., Ltd. and Shangqiu Anta Shoes Co., Ltd. (only social data are included). The logistics facility includes Fujian ANTA Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. The administrative facilities include the office buildings in Xiamen, Jinjiang and Shanghai. The store facilities include the ANTA stores, FILA stores, DESCENTE stores and KOLON SPORT stores under self-operation. The ESG performance of Amer Sports is not included in this Report. Company Information ANTA brand was established in 1991, while ANTA Sports Products Limited, a leading global sportswear company, was listed on the Main Board of HKEX in 2007 (Stock code 2020. HK). For many years, ANTA Sports has been principally engaging in the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of branded sportswear including shoes, apparel and accessories to consumers. CONTENTS Data Sources and Reliability This Report cites data and cases mainly from our statistical reports and other relevant documents. php2 Message fr om the Chairman 4 Boar d Statement 6 2021 Highlights 12 Stable Development to Ensure Long-term Success 24 Safeguar d Quality and Dare to Innovate 32 ANT A Value Win-Win Cooperation 38 Helping Employees Thrive with People-oriented Policies 48 Pr omoting a Green Environment 54 Giving Back to Society 57 Pr ospects Celebrating ANTA Sports 30th Anniversary, Creating Mutual Value 62 Appendix 81 Glossary MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Dear Stakeholders, On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2021. 30th Anniversary Embarking on New Adventures 2021 marks our 30th year of operations, so this is a good time for a retrospective look at our achievements and milestones over the past three decades, while planning for future sustainable development. When kick-starting the new journey, we always bear in mind why we started in the first place, and we introduce new vision, new value and new strategy for the next 10 years, laying a solid foundation for the next decade. Mutualism by Strengthening Governance Value Creation through Mutualism is the new proposition for our next development stage. While pursuing our business goals, we are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations. In the meantime, we have also become the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. Mutualism by Focusing on Quality and Innovation Our aim is to grow side by side with our consumers by building top-notch, multi-brand consumer value. Every year, we provide consumers with high quality sportswear products, allowing them to enjoy the fun of sports. Every item comes with our dedication to quality and innovation. During the financial year, we had over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and had over 1, 000 valid patents. Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB3 billion. Sustainability has been integrated in our products, and it will be the focus of our new era, empowering our consumers to embrace sustainable consumption concepts. Mutualism by Achieving a Win-win Outcome with our Eco-system Partners We aim to grow side by side with our eco-system partners to establish an effective and sustainable industrial chain. During the financial year, 267 162 65 of our suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification. During the financial year, the percentage of employee trained reached 79. 7. During the financial year, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives among our employees. Our eco-system partners and employees help us to grow steadily and ride on the path to success. Mutualism by Protecting our Green Home We subsist in symbiosis with the environment and we develop in a sustainable manner in concert with the environment. Carbon neutrality is an environmental issue related to future generations. In the future, products with high carbon footprints will gradually lose their competitiveness. As advocate for sustainability, we are committed to improving green production and product carbon footprint-management capabilities. Mutualism by Giving Back to Society We grow side by side with the society and strive to give back to it. We have been committed to participating in community buildup and contributing to building a harmonious society through various community activities. During the financial year, we donated RMB65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB270 million (calculated at tag value). Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project established 150 ADream Centers, trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, donated over RMB490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value) and benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in China. In addition, we proactively encourage our employees to participate in public welfare activities to jointly fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. In 2021, the total dividend payout (including paid and recommended dividend) reached RMB3, 524 million. In 2021, we reviewed the development journey in the past 30 years and formulated the development strategy of the coming 10 years. Ding Shizhong Chairman Hong Kong, 18 May 2022 3 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited BOARD STATEMENT While our business continue to grow, the Board attaches great importance to the Group s sustainability management. With reference to the HKEX ESG Reporting Guide, the Company established a multi-level, effective and executable ESG management system. ESG Management Responsibilities The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting. As the top ESG governance body of the Company, the Board is responsible for formulating the Group s sustainability management guidelines, strategy and objectives, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk management and internal control system. The Board is also responsible for preparing the annual ESG report and overseeing the reporting process. The committee is responsible for assisting the Board to formulate and review the Group s strategic objectives for sustainable development, and lead and promote each department to improve its mindsets and operation initiatives in various business processes from the perspective of sustainability, identify and manage ESG risks, and coordinate and standardize the collection of ESG related 4 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 data and information to (i) identify the proper order of priority as to ESG-related issues to drive the Company s ESG governance efforts and (ii) improve the quality of ESG information disclosure. ESG Risk Management We attach great importance to the potential impact of ESG-related risks and opportunities. Therefore, the Board oversees the assessment of ESG-related risks and opportunities and ensures that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal monitoring mechanisms are in place. On the other hand, we will integrate our key ESG performance indicators as the KPI for key departments of the Group, so as to spur the achievement of our ESG goals. In terms of the medium-term ESG goals, the Board will periodically review the progress of these targets. Quantitative Quantitative information is provided, where appropriate, which helps readers assess the Group s ESG performance objectively. Quantitative information is also accompanied (if necessary) by a narrative, explaining its purpose and impacts, and comparative data. Consistency ESG data presented in this Report are prepared using consistent methodologies across time periods, unless otherwise specified either in text or in notes. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 2021 HIGHLIGHTS NO POVERTY Donated RMB 65 million in cash Donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) GOOD HEALTH AND WELL-BEING Continued to promote ANTA s Sturdy Growth Charity Project, helping over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools, providing remarkable enjoyment in sport Commissioned qualified recyclers to recycle hazardous waste to maintain a healthy living environment in the community Established the Sustainability Committee with Board level participation in sustainability issues Became the signatory of United Nations Global Compact, supporting the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact Total declared dividends reached RMB3, 524 million ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 6 INDUSTRY, INNOVATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE More than 200 design and R&D experts from 18 countries and regions Strengthened the close cooperation with self-owned factories and 357 suppliers from China and 22 suppliers from overseas to launch popular products Aggregate R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billionQUALITY EDUCATION Trained 2, 817 physical education teachers, established 150 ADream Centers, over the years built ANTA Stadiums and ANTA Camps to promote sports development in underdeveloped regions Built Winter Olympics promotion and education base RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION Launched eco-friendly products, implemented the concept of environmental protection and circular economy 267 162 65 suppliers obtained certifications of ISO 9001 ISO 14001 ISO 45001, and 45 suppliers obtained bluesign certification Over 1, 000 registered and approved trademarks, and over 1, 000 valid patents DECENT WORK AND ECONOMIC GROWTH Prohibited child labor and forced labor Provided a healthy work environment Total number of staff reached 52, 000, female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 7 Growing revenue potential Increased innovation potential Maintaining an upward revenue trendContinuing to invest in R&D RMB millionDefinition of sustainabilityAnd where are we? Sustainability Review2021 HIGHLIGHTS OUR BUSINESS 50, 000 40, 000 30, 000 20, 000 10, 000 0 202149, 328 201716, 692 201824, 100 201933, 928 202035, 512R&D costs (RMB million) 20211, 116 2017 479 2018599 2019871 20207891, 200 1, 000 800 600 400 200 Multi-brand strategy ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 8 Payout of the profit attributable to equity shareholders 45. 6 Basic earnings per share increased by 49. 5 to RMB 2. 87Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased by 49. 6 to RMB 7. 7 BillionGross profit margin increased by 3. 4 points to 61. 6 Revenue increased by 38. 9 to RMB 49. 3 Billion Number of FILA stores (including FILA KIDS and FILA FUSION standalone stores) in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macao and Singapore stood at 2, 054Number of ANTA stores (including ANTA KIDS standalone stores) in Mainland China and overseas stood at 9, 403Financial Performance for 2021 RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS Financial Performance Operational Performance GP ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 9Number of DESCENTE stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao stood at 182 Number of KOLON SPORT stores in Mainland China stood at 152 2021 HIGHLIGHTS Constituent Stock Index abbreviation Index name in English HSI Hang Seng Index HSCEI Hang Seng China Enterprises Index HSML100 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 100 Index HSFML25 Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index HSCI Hang Seng Composite Index HSCICD Hang Seng Composite Industry Index Consumer Discretionary HSLI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index HSLMI Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index HSLMIV Hang Seng Large-Mid Cap (Investable) Index HSSCNAH Hang Seng SCHK ex-AH Companies Index HSSCMLC Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index HSHKI Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index HSSCHK Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index HSCGS Hang Seng Consumer Goods & Services Index HSIESG HSI ESG Index HSCEESG HSCEI ESG Index HSESG50 Hang Seng ESG 50 Index HSHKS50 Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Top Shareholding 50 Index BWORLD Bloomberg World Index BESGPRO Bloomberg ESG Data Index BWRETL Bloomberg World Retail Index SBBMGLU S&P Global BMI (US Dollar) SCRTCN S&P China BMI Index SCRTEM S&P Emerging BMI Index ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 10 ANTA Sports awards Maintained as BB rating in MSCIWas awarded CarbonCare ESG Label 2021 s Best Practice in ESG Reporting Level 2 by CarbonCare Innovation Lab Was awarded the Humanity Award Sliver by Fujian Red CrossWas awarded the ESG Care Label by SocietyNext Foundation, UNESCO HK Association Glocal Peace Center & Rotary Action Group for PeaceWas awarded EXCELLENCE in 2021 GoldenKey Sustainability Development Solution by China Sustainability TribuneWas awarded the Best Corporate Social Responsibility Listed Company in 2021 Best Listed Company in HK and US by Sina FinanceWas awarded the Best ESG (G) (Large Cap) by Hong Kong Investor Relations AssociationWas awarded the 2021 Green Enterprise by China Corporate Social Responsibility Achieved an A- rating in the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Sustainability RatingANTA Sports rating Our 2021 ESG Report s award Rating and Awards ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited 11 Sustainable Development ESG Strategy We have set clear overall goals in terms of Environment, Social and Governance. We are dedicated to maintaining honesty, integrity and compliance in our operations, and strengthening resource conservation and environmental protection. It appeals to achieving goals such as poverty eradication, achieving equality, tackling climate change by 2030, protecting the planet while promoting economic prosperity, protecting the planet, and moving towards a sustainable path. This facilitates our promotion of sustainable development strategy more effectively and continuously enhances our sustainability competitiveness. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Corporate Governance Anti-corruptionSTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS 12 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Our Goals 17 SDGs of the United Nations Economic Growth Improve the quality of development, create sustainable economic benefits, promote economic development, and promote employment opportunity Product Quality Leap Maintain product quality at a high level, take technological innovation as the key to brand competitiveness, and win the consumers long-term confidence in the Group s brands Caring for Employees Create an equal, inclusive, healthy and safe work environment for employees, build a training system for diversified talent development, attach importance to employee growth, and join hands with employees to create a better future Creating a Green Supply Chain Continue to encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of sustainable packaging, strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies, and promote green transformation and upgrading of the supply chain Environmental Protection Take responsibility for environmental protection, implement energy conservation, emissions reduction and green operations, and work with upstream and downstream partners to jointly address climate change risks. During the financial year, we established a top-down ESG governance structure to promote the Group s overall sustainability efforts from governance level. The Board has overall responsibility for the Company s ESG strategy and reporting, and oversees the overall ESG governance of the Company. Chairman of Committee Mr. Lai Shixian ( Executive Director ) Committee member(s) Mr. Yiu Kin Wah Stephen, Mr. Lai Hin Wing Henry Stephen, Ms. Wang Jiaqian (Independent Non-Executive Director(s))Committee member Mr. Yiu Wai Hung (Executive designated by the Board)Committee member(s) Mr. Wu Yonghua, Mr. Zheng Jie (Executive Director(s)) ESG Governance Structure The Board ManagementSustainability Committee 14 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Stakeholder Engagement During the financial year, we proactively communicated with stakeholders through various channels and maintained close contact with key stakeholders. External stakeholdersStakeholder expectations Effectiveness of communication during the financial year Investors shareholders Risk management Return on investment Corporate governance Information disclosureConducted one-on-one meetings, non-deal roadshows, investment forums and telephone conferences Organized annual and interim results presentations Consumers Quality products Diversified Products Well-rounded customer service Seamless communication channelsConducted surveys on consumer satisfaction Collected consumer feedback through different channels, such as customer service hotline and feedback from retail staff Suppliers Fair, open and just procurement Supplier supportConducted supplier satisfaction surveys Held supplier conferences to exchange ideas Distributors Mutual benefits Mutual growthHosted trade fairsOrganized distributor meetings to exchange ideas Media Information openness and transparency Product quality and safety Anti-corruptionOrganized press conferences Attended media interviews Government regulatory authorities Operations compliance Lawful tax payment Driving regional economic developmentOrganized meetings to set standards and exchange ideas Brand ambassadors Brand image Product quality Product R&D and innovation Intellectual propertyEnsured timely communication with the brand ambassadors and collected their feedback on our products Provided tailor-made products per request Athletes Product performance Product R&D and innovationSponsored athletes competition outfit and equipment 15 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Internal stakeholders Stakeholder expectations Communication activities during the financial year Board Corporate governance Anti-corruption Risk managementHeld Board meetings Management Product quality and safety Environmental impact managementParticipated in the decision making and operations of the Group, performed management roles, and directed or coordinated staff to fulfill their job duties Staff Staff welfare Staff development and training Anti-corruptionEngaged in surveys and participated in online and face-to-face staff activities ESG Issues Materiality During the financial year, we engaged an independent professional consultant to conduct internal and external stakeholders survey and assessment and collected their feedbacks. This was followed by a materiality analysis to prioritize issues, which provided a reference for the Group to improve its ESG management and efficiently respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders. STEP 12 STEP 23 STEP 34 STEP 4 Issue assessment Based on the results of the stakeholder survey, we summarized the issue scores, ranking them according to the Importance to ANTA Sports and Importance to Stakeholders dimensions and established a materiality matrix Stakeholder participation We collected 2, 752 questionnaires from investors, suppliers, customers, employees, and other internal and external stakeholders, to fully understand the focus of both internal and external stakeholders on ESG issues Issue identification Based on the Group s development strategy and business model, alongside national policies, capital market requirements, and industry development trends, and by analyzing all stakeholders concerns and comparing with peer s initiatives, we identified 23 ESG issues related to product quality and safety, anti-corruption, etc. Employees Suppliers Consumers Distributors Investors 1 Anti-corruption Product quality and safetyAnti-corruption Staff welfare Craftsmanship and product innovation 2 Intellectual property managementHuman rights and labor rightsProduct quality and safetyProduct quality and safetyAnti-corruption 3 Product quality and safetyHealth and safety Corporate governanceAnti-corruption Product quality and safetySTABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS The Top Three Issues Key Stakeholders were Concerned About 18 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Corporate Governance Company Governance We appreciate the value and importance of achieving high corporate governance standards to enhance corporate performance, transparency and accountability, which in turn enable us to earn the confidence of Shareholders and the public. The Board takes responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including the formulation and approval of all internal policies, overall strategies, risk management and internal control systems, and supervision of the performance of management team. They are required, in the performance of their duties as directors, to act honestly and in good faith in the interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole, avoid actual and potential conflicts of interest and duty, apply reasonable care and diligence, and make decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company. Diversified GovernanceWe are committed to establishing a diversified governance structure. Each committee has formulated specific terms of reference, which are posted on the Company s website (ir. anta. com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange s website (www. hkexnews. hk). The committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company s expenses. Regular Board committee meetings are held to discuss overall strategies, operational and financial performance, and corporate governance of the Group, review and approve results, and conduct annual evaluations on Board and committees performance. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors In respect of the financial year, the Company has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3. 13 of the Listing Rules. Mr. Dai Zhongchuan has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director since April 2009 and has served the Company for more than eleven years. Nomination Committee further assesses Mr. Dai s role as an Independent Non-Executive Director annually, taking into account factors including but not limited to Mr. Dai s reputation for integrity, experience, ability to assist the Board, perspectives and skills, and commitment while having due regard to the board diversity policy of the Company. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management 21 Board committee meetings At each board committee meeting, the average attendance rate of directors committee members is 100 (Note If a director has interests in the matters discussed, the said director will abstain from voting at that Board Committee meeting.)KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 20 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 NameMr. Wang Jiaqian Gender Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Male Female Age 51 57 47 51 53 49 65 56 61 65 42 Length of service of the Board (up to 31 December 2021) 14 years 14 years 14 years 14 years 12 years 0. 5 year 14 years 12 years 3. 5 years 1 year 0. 5 year Skills, knowledge & professional experience(a) Accounting & finance (b) Business development (c) Brand management (d) Capital market (e) Corporate responsibility sustainability (f) Corporate strategy and planning (g) Executive management and leadership skills (h) Investor relations (i) Legal (j) Manufacturing (k) Other listed board experience role (l) Operational management (m) Risk management (n) Sales and marketing (o) Supply chain management (p) Treasury management (q) Informational management Board details as at 31 December 2021 The Board consisted of 11 members, including six Executive Directors, one Non-Executive Director, and four Independent Non-Executive Directors The Board has one female director The ages of board members ranged from 42 to 65 Directors are from diverse and complementary backgrounds with differentiated skills, knowledge and professional experience 21 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited STABLE DEVELOPMENT TO ENSURE LONG-TERM SUCCESS Board Diversity The Board represents a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group s business. The Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can facilitate the effective exercise of independent judgement. Established Board practice is in place so that any changes to the Board composition (if any) can be managed without undue disruption. The policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company appreciates and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to broaden its view and enhance the quality of its performance. The Company endeavors to pursue an all-around diverse Board in various aspects and will carry out ongoing review of its Board composition. All Board appointments shall be based on meritocracy, and candidates shall be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Selection of candidates shall be based on a range of measurable objectives under the board diversity policy, including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision shall be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates shall bring to the Board. During the financial year, we established the Integrity and Ethics Committee in company-level, which is composed of managers from the Audit and Supervision Department, Legal Department, Corporate Affairs Department, Finance Department, and Human Resources Department, as the highest organization for anti-corruption supervision. Our employees are required to sign the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and we have added anti-corruption clauses in our standard Employee Labor Contract to strengthen internal anti-corruption measures. We joined the Sunshine Integrity Alliance and the Corporate Anti-Fraud Alliance as a member in 2019 to learn from the experience of excellent corporates and improve our internal anti-corruption system. We reached an anti-fraud consensus with alliance companies during the financial year by sharing the list of untrustworthy individuals and promising to refuse to hire these untrustworthy individuals who engaged in unethical or immoral activity. During the financial year, all directors participated in anti-corruption training. In the 89th ANTA Forum held in April 2021, the management made a presentation of the Group s anti-corruption policies, culture and measures to all employees, and advocated that they shall uphold the principles, remain upright, and work in a down-to-earth manner. Employees signed the Integrity and Self-discipline Commitment and committed to maintaining high integrity. Anti-corruption in the Supply Chain For anti-corruption management among supply chain, we signed an Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement with suppliers, and received an integrity undertaking from suppliers at the admittance stage. If the anti-corruption responsibility clause is violated, liquidated damages will be imposed. We publicized integrity to suppliers through various channels, including supplier conferences and social media, to enhance their awareness of the importance of integrity and anti-corruption. The number of corporate crimes that have been discovered and transferred to judicial organization was 1KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 23 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE Craftsmanship, Design and Innovation We have always adhered to the principle that Innovation is the Foundation of Enterprise and strengthened our independent innovation capabilities. Over the years, the Sports Science Laboratory has collected foot shape data from people all over China to provide effective data support for our independent R&D and innovation. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Craftsmanship and product innovation Intellectual property management Product quality and safety Product life cycle Use of chemicals and discharge Responsible marketing R&D expenses Our aggregated R&D expenses in the past 10 years reached RMB 3 billion Leveraging top talents We have over 200 international design and development experts from 18 countries and regions Cooperation with accredited scientific research institutions We cooperate with institutions such as Tsinghua University, the China National Institute of Standardization, etc. In addition to incorporating a large number of technological elements, we have unique aesthetics and requirements for product design. In terms of design style, we innovatively integrate various styles, such as Chinese style and Italian style, into sports aesthetic design. Through deep integration of forward-looking sports technology R&D and innovative market transformation, we strive to achieve major breakthroughs in materials and design that lead the development of the industry and help drive the growth and globalization of Chinese sports brands. The accumulation of technological innovation allows us to provide high-quality products to consumers. Over the years, ANTA has successively launched advanced products using our proprietary technologies, including A-Loop, A-Jelly, C202 running shoes, and KT series basketball shoes, all of which have been well received by consumers. During the financial year, ANTA cooperated with the COC to officially release the Champion Dragon Outfit, the uniform for the Chinese Sports Delegation at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Summer Games. For the shoes that the athletes wore when receiving their medals, the design team took reference from Five Stars Rise in the East, an unearthed Eastern Han cultural relic. Different patterns, including the Chinese cloud pattern, auspicious animals, the sun and the moon were embroidered in a flying weave pattern to symbolize the nationwide hopes that China s Olympic athletes would achieve outstanding results at the Games. In terms of technology, ANTA incorporated Nitro Speed technology and Smart Sam technology to achieve a combination of rebound and shock absorption, providing Chinese Olympic athletes with professional technology for their ascent to the victory podium. During the financial year, we standardized and updated the management processes of intellectual property risk management review and counterfeit sales from private domain live streaming. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE During the financial year, we carried out risk prevention, anti-infringement and anti-counterfeiting of our intellectual properties, as follows Internal We reviewed and controlled possible infringement risks in the business according to the laws and regulations; External We took various measures to combat counterfeit products in accordance with the laws. Product Quality and Safety We strictly abide by the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, and other laws and regulations. We are committed to supplying high-quality products to consumers. With reference to the ISO 9001 quality management system requirements and relevant industry standards, we formulated a quality control system covering the entire life cycle of products to ensure production line stability and reduction of potential risks. Our Quality Management Manual provides a complete introduction of product quality management chemical specifications, recall management, product risk assessment, and other policies. We developed Quality Management Manual for different brands, ensuring our products are in high quality effectively. System certification We conducted three annual audits to determine whether we met certification standards, including ISO 45001, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001. Production We designated dedicated factory space for new automation equipment to improve production efficiency and quality. Quality inspection Through the automation and intelligentization of our R&D equipment, the detection system is optimized to enhance the detection accuracy and efficiency. Scientific research and innovation We introduced smart manufacturing for shoes, cutting automation and other related innovative technology. Learning and training We organized many quality training and learning sessions internally for business-side personnel and externally for suppliers. We also launched third-party full inspection and strict control mechanisms to ensure all-around quality control management of the products. If a product with quality problems or potential safety hazards is found after leaving factory, we will carry out recall according to the ANTA Recall Management Policy, to prevent any losses to consumers. For any products that do not comply with regulations, that have problems in the self-inspection process, or with recall rate exceeding 5, we would issue a takedown notice within one working day after recall confirmation, and notify our distributors, DTC franchisees and self-operated stores to return all products for centralized processing. Employees are strictly prohibited from handling them individually. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had no recalls for safety and health reasons. In accordance with the relevant regulations and market requirements in China, we formulated specifications such as Chemicals Safety Technical Specifications for Apparel, Shoes and Accessories and Guidelines for Chemicals Safety Process Control. Our Quality Control Departments of shoes, apparel and accessories determine the test items according to these specifications and conduct inspections of the corresponding products and materials according to relevant documents. All the chemicals used are comprehensively identified and counted. Therefore, we formulated internal policies such as Suppliers Chemicals Safety Management Implementation Guide to ensure that our products and raw materials will not harm human health or the environment while they are worn, maintained or handled. Technology Enhances Quality During the financial year, ANTA announced its Five-year Development Strategy and Lead-to-Win Acceleration Plan, which commit to integrating the world s top sports technology R&D resources and continuing to increase investment in R&D in the future. Years of accumulation of technological innovation have allowed us to provide high-quality products to consumers. ANTA has been continuously launching products using its proprietary technologies, including A-Loop, A-Jelly, A-Flashfoam, Hydrogen, Hot Technology, A-Chill Touch, A-Cool, and many other innovative technologies. Our team will continue to pursue in-depth technological innovation to empower our long-term development. Density of the material used in FLASHLITE ZERO Hydrogen running shoes is reduced to 0. 1 grams cm 3, which is 28 lower than that in the previous version. ANTA s Hot Technology is an innovative technology platform designed and developed by our scientific laboratory. Through the application of three unique core technologies polythermal cotton, graphene, and super down it has achieved leading performance, with superior warmth retention. ANTA supported the athletes and volunteers with professional outfit using Hot Technology and provided consumer products using the same technology, allowing all consumers to enjoy the ultimate Olympic technology experience. The DTC model achieves the reconstruction of relationship among people, goods and markets, enhances member value, strengthens the technology middle platform, and makes use of innovative product intelligence. It also enables efficient connection between ANTA and the retail channels, which helps ANTA to quickly respond to consumer needs. In the R&D process, we have greatly shortened the R&D cycle, using AI technology to automatically generate color matching, design, and 3D technology modeling, so we can provide different color matching for designers reference. Using the data from front-end sales and market feedback, we can quickly improve product design. In addition, our smart factory has allowed transformation and upgrading of the manufacturing process through the use of digital technology. Excellent Customer Service We have embraced our initial aspiration of being Consumer-Oriented. Through continuous improvement of our customer service system, efficient customer communication, and timely response and feedback to consumer demands, we have greatly improved our customer satisfaction rate and provided a high-quality service experience to different types of consumers. Responding to Customer Demands We attach great importance to every customer s need. We have formulated a customer management system and streamlined the process for handling customer complaints accordingly. Customers can make complaints through various channels, such as our hotline, email, social media, and stores. Complaints are processed by the Customer Service Department within the prescribed one working day after receipt and quality-related complaints will be responded within one to three working days. Relevant personnel are deployed by headquarters to pay regular undercover visits to retail stores and analyze the customer-complaint data collected. The complaint handling completion rate of the customer service system at headquarters was 100 KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 29 of consumers. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, all business departments are required to strictly review advertising slogans to be used in product selling process to ensure that consumers do not make any incorrect or inappropriate associations or interpretation of advertising slogans, product packaging, product names, product descriptions, etc., and we strictly monitor brand promotion activities. While pursuing profitability and growth, we also take into account the promotion of consumer awareness of the importance of sustainable consumption. To this end, we launched a variety of environmentally friendly products that have been widely applauded by consumers, such as recyclable shoes, including the Environmental Protection series of Dominance running shoes, the Train and Recycle series, which use recycled plastic as raw materials, the NOACH series, which use recyclable yarn, and The Rain-Breaker series, with a high-quality water repellent. Through solid initiatives, we have realized the concept of environmental protection and the circular economy to promote green Customer Satisfaction We continuously optimize our products and improve our customer service system to promote customer satisfaction. Customers can also actively participate in the survey by scanning the net promoter score QR code. Marketing Risk Management We attach great importance to responsible marketing and protecting the legitimate rights and interests SAFEGUARD QUALITY AND DARE TO INNOVATE 30 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 consumption and enhance consumer awareness of the importance and value of going green and environmental protection. During the financial year, we launched the new EcoCosy fiber textiles series, which demonstrated sustainable fashion. EcoCosy s high-quality, viscose rayon fibers are sourced from high-quality plantations in the place of origin and are carefully cultivated by researchers for many years from the seed stage. Customized through different spinning processes, EcoCosy fiber textiles are soft and comfortable with excellent color and are 100 biodegradable and recyclable. During the financial year, we reviewed these 28 information security policies to assess the suitability, adequacy and effectiveness of their content, and this drill involved the revision of more than 30 clauses in 15 policies. In addition, we established new policies, such as the Personal Information Protection Management Policy, Data Classification and Hierarchical Management Standards, and Data Sharing Process, to strengthen the security management of corporate data and personal information. During the financial year, we completed an internal audit of information security and obtained ISO 27001 system certification. Our core customer data is stored in a private cloud. Through continuous improvement of the technological protection system for information security, the core data security is effectively guaranteed. In addition, if an information security incident occurs, employees can report according to the reporting process stipulated in the Information Security Incident Management Policy. In cases of information theft, we enforce punishment according to the policies and disclose on the social media to serve as a warning. During the financial year, most of our employees completed a series of compulsory courses on information security in the IT field and training and examination of compulsory courses on employee information security. Email phishing drills and other approaches further enhanced our employees information security awareness. We are committed to practicing the concept of sustainable development in supply chain management and building a sustainable supply chain. Supplier Selection and Admittance We have formulated internal policies, such as the Shoes Supplier Access and Exit Management Policy, Supplier Chemicals Safety Control Compliance Statement, etc. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Supply chain management the responsibilities of all business departments in supplier management and establish a well-rounded and orderly supply chain management system. During the financial year, ANTA and FILA had 379 contracted suppliers, of which 357 were located in China and 22 were located overseas. Our Operation Department and on-site evaluation teams are responsible for evaluating and managing supplier performance. During the financial year, the number of suppliers who obtained ISO 9001 quality assurance certification, ISO 14001 environmental management certification, ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management certification increased in comparison with that of 2020. Some suppliers have also adopted ISO 26000 social responsibility guidelines to enhance their understanding of social responsibility. Supplier Performance Evaluation Our supplier evaluation mechanism includes both operational and corporate social responsibility aspects. Each aspect has specific scoring criteria to evaluate supplier performance. To this end, we have established scientific management requirements and set up a zero tolerance policy to ensure that suppliers are able to take corrective measures to reduce major operational and ESG-related risks. In order to ensure our suppliers are compliant, we conduct quarterly, semi-annual or annual basic supplier evaluation on various factors, including product quality, supply capability, and timely delivery. Basic supplier evaluation criteria includes Performance and scores in three major areas credibility, compliance and financial stability; Requirement that the supplier has R&D capabilities, production management capabilities and a quality control system that meets industry standards, in each case from product type, price and company size perspectives; Certification of China s production and quality system, and expectation of certification by other international standards and certification systems; Satisfaction of background check questionnaire requirements; and Due diligence on all suppliers. To this end, we plan to incorporate ESG performance, such as labor rights, human rights protection and green production, into our supply chain management system and going bluesign 33 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited forward give preference to suppliers with excellent ESG management performance. During the financial year, our supplier management department hosted a supplier assessment seminar, and evaluated the capabilities and potential of each supplier. During the financial year, we provided various training to suppliers, including social responsibility training, integrity and self-discipline training, quality verification training, pre-production risk verification training, evaluation engineer training, chemicals safety training, and other professional technical training. The main focus of the trainings was to improve the suppliers professional technical capabilities and digital capabilities. Detailed improvement measures were formulated for suppliers with relatively weak capability to improve their management capability. Supplier Labor Management To improve the labor management of suppliers, we require suppliers to adhere to ten basic requirements, including compliance with operational standards, respect for labor rights and interests, and protection of employees occupational safety, health and well-being. Personnel management system We require our suppliers to sign employment contracts with all their full-time employees, and sign service contracts with their interns and temporary employees, alongside the signing of confidentiality agreements. Social responsibility management system Suppliers should have working hour and salary management system in place, and encourage their employees to actively obtain competency certification for career development. Prohibition of child labor Suppliers should require their employees to provide proof of age prior to employment to ensure they meet local minimum working age requirements and to prevent the use of child labor. Prohibition of forced labor We require our suppliers to closely monitor their employees working hours compliance, respect their rights to enter, depart and take leave freely; suppliers should be firmly against forced labor. Anti-discrimination We require our suppliers to treat all employees equally, and offer consistent treatment in terms of employment, salary, other benefits and promotion opportunities irrespective of their social status, and protect the job opportunities of pregnant employees and care for working mothers. Disciplinary measures We require our suppliers to establish and promote a labor code of conduct to prohibit and prevent violations of laws and regulations such as corporal punishment, coercion, exploitation, and sexual coercion. Remuneration and benefits Suppliers should pay full salary to employees, ensure their salary is not lower than the local minimum standard, and guarantee that employees are entitled to statutory holidays and leaves. Health and safety We prohibit our suppliers from constructing three-in-one factories with work areas, ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION 34 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 warehouses and quarters; suppliers should ensure that different types of premises are equipped with proper temperature, light and ventilation; we require our suppliers to maintain the safety and hygiene of canteens, quarters and factories; suppliers should ensure that all operating premises are legally permitted; suppliers should formulate and request employees to strictly comply with safety rules and regulations as well as safety operation guidelines; we require our suppliers to equip their employees with the necessary safety supplies; we require our suppliers to regularly inspect their work environments and equipment safety; suppliers should organize safety training and emergency drills to ensure the health and safety of their employees. Complaints and communication Suppliers should provide effective channels for employees complaints and feedback, and improve the whistleblowers protection mechanism and formulate whistleblowers protection measures against retaliation. Suppliers that have Zero Tolerance Problems will be terminated immediately. Climate change, droughts and other natural disasters pose risks to the environment and society, and cause raw material price fluctuations, resulting in operation disruption and stability of the supply chain. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT Policy and legal risks With China s further promotion of the dual-carbon goals, we face higher requirements for energy conservation and emissions reduction. on our supply chain Social risks We continuously monitor supply shortages and disruptions that may be caused by social issues, such as labor disputes and human rights issues, which pose additional risks to the sustainability of sourcing activities Risk management After identifying the risks, we will manage the relevant risks. For example, we have increased the number of suppliers in different regions to reduce the negative impact of extreme weather in the same region 36 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Promoting a Green Supply Chain In response to the national development trend of utilizing lightweight, de-plasticized packaging materials, we continuously encourage suppliers to join us in building a green supply chain, promote the application of green packaging, and strengthen the independent R&D of core technologies. Sustainable Sourcing We are continuously committed to promoting the quality and standards of sustainability in the industry, and take them as the key areas of our innovation. Promoting Industry Development Over the past 30 years, we have continuously invested in technological innovation and R&D, forming a triple R&D model that comprises forward-looking R&D with the Group s global resources, pragmatic R&D that leads to rapid transformation, and industry-university R&D cooperation integrating social and academic resources. As a pioneer in industry development, we have explored the possibility of even more breakthroughs with our business partners by exploring industry cooperation, strengthening industry exchanges, and participating in innovative cooperation models. Developing diverse cooperation channels we have developed diversified cooperation channels. Technological innovation has enhanced our sustainable development capabilities and promoted the industry s technological progress and the further development of the entire Chinese sports industry. Promoting industry-university R&D cooperation we have developed profound cooperation with well-known domestic universities and other higher education institutions. Through industry-university R&D cooperation, we have strengthened the cooperation and launched dozens of sole and fabric technologies to improve the sports performance of global consumers, creating ANTA s significant differentiated competitive advantage. During the financial year, we joined hands with Tsinghua University to have established the Tsinghua University-ANTA (China) Co., Ltd Joint Research Center for Sports Fashion. The center is committed to building a world leading innovation platform for the sportswear industry by leveraging the resources of Tsinghua University s multi-faculty and interdisciplinary experience. We have developed internal management policies, such as the Social Recruitment Recommendation Management Policy to standardize recruitment management processes such as job opening, interview screening, and offer approval. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Staff welfare Human rights and labor rights Diversity and inclusion Health and safety Staff development and training Salary and Benefits Salary and Performance Appraisal We are committed to offering fair, reasonable and competitive salary package and benefits. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had approximately 52, 000 employees. The Group s male and female employees accounted for 26. 0 and 74. 0 of total employees respectively, and female executives accounted for 34. 7 of total executives 38 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Percentage of Employees by Age in 2021Percentage of Employees by Region in 2021Percentage of Employees by Gender in 2021Percentage of Employees by Rank in 2021 Female Male President level Director level Manager level Production staff Officers and others 16-24 25-40 41 or above26. 0 74. 0 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 11. 3 19. 7 72. 5 0. 1 6. 4 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 11. 6 15. 4 73. 0 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 Mainland China Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions0. 8 99. 2 Number of AN TA Employees by Region in 2021 Percentage of AN TA Employees by Gender in 2021 Number of AN TA Employees by Age in 2021Number of ANTA Employees by Rank in 202 1 We continuously implement our scientific and effective performance appraisal model. Social insurance, including basic endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, and maternity insurance Housing Provident Fund Other statutory employee benefitsAll employees are entitled to Gifts for major festivalsSome employees are entitled to Supplemental medical insurance Staff quarters Housing allowance Share award scheme We abide by the minimum wage requirements, and make appropriate adjustments to our employees salary and benefits annually according to the market salary level and performance results. Focusing on the long-term development and governance, we established a share award scheme for senior executives to help create a corporate atmosphere of aligned value and responsibility undertakings. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Talent Acquisition An extensive pool of talents is the driving force of our development. In addition, based on our business needs, department planning, and supply and demand in the talent market, we prioritize localized recruitment and actively create employment opportunities for local communities. We have signed employment contract with employees. We have strengthened our employment compliance management, and require our prospective employees to provide identity documents before onboarding to ensure that they have reached the minimum working age required by local law. In the event of any case of child labor, we will immediately stop the work of the employee involved, conduct a health check, and report the case to relevant authorities for further investigation. Once child labor is confirmed, we will pay the full amount of their salary and send them safely to their family or guardian. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We had no cases of illegal employment, child labor or forced labor, or human rights complaints 41 HELPING EMPLOYEES THRIVE WITH PEOPLE-ORIENTED POLICIES KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We appointed a third- party agency to conduct an employee satisfaction survey. The satisfaction rate was 73 We joined the United Nations Global Compact during the financial year, fulfilling our basic responsibilities related to human rights and labor standards, and respecting and safeguarding all internationally recognized human rights. As our Employee Handbook explains, there must be no discriminatory treatment in recruitment, salary, promotion or development of employees based on gender, age, religious beliefs, nationality, complexion, race, sexual orientation, marital status, or other social identity. In addition, we received GB T 45001-2020 ISO 45001 2018 occupational health and safety certification and production safety standardization tertiary enterprise certification. Employee Communication We attach great importance to employees feedback, attentively listen to their views, and provide effective communication channels for employees. In addition, we provide effective channels for employees to complain and express views. The relevant department provides accident investigation report to the Human Resources Department. The Administrative Department then handles the case and holds relevant persons accountable according to the investigation results. During the financial year, we had no incidents of violation of occupational health and safety laws and regulations. The number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries was 4, 813 and there were no incident of workplace fatalities from 2019 to 2021 1. Safety Training and Drills As the Group is growing, we also pay attention to our employees occupational health and safety. Through regular safety training and drills, we have strengthened our employees ability to deal with safety emergencies, and we provide them with personal protective equipment for various types of jobs to reduce the risk of occupational diseases and injuries and to ensure the health and safety of all employees, in order to create a safe and comfortable work environment. During the financial year, 319 health and safety training sessions were conducted in Jinjiang during the financial year, with a total of 7, 897 training hours, 3, 195 participants and a coverage rate of 96. 43 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Safety Precautions We provide employees with personal protective equipment and first-aid facilities required for their work, including noise-proof earplugs for apparel-production staff, dust-proof protective clothing for employees working in the down filling room, wire gloves for employees who do fabric cutting, and eyewash in the factories. We also invested a lot of manpower and resources in epidemic prevention and control. We implemented the normalized management of epidemic prevention for the health and safety of the industrial park to ensure safety, and orderly and normal operations. Safety Training and EducationWe attach great importance to employee health and safety training, and conduct targeted safety education according to the job requirements for each position. Safety Emergency DrillsWe carry out fire safety emergency evacuation drills annually in accordance with the annual plan and continuously supplement and improve the emergency plans, such as emergency response and control during typhoons and rainstorms, and epidemic prevention according to the actual situation. We have invested a lot of resources to build an employee training system, broaden the headroom for employee development, and continue to build a talent pool that can adapt to our business development needs. Our comprehensive training system provides diversified training for employees at all levels, enriches the depth and breadth of training, and supports our employees career development. We formulated a number of training policies, such as the Training Operation Management Policy, ANTA Fresh Graduate Training Management Policy, and Lecturer and Textbook Management Policy, to clearly define the training operation Type of training Training program Training positions Special skills training Product power Planning Design Product operations Technology and engineering Brand power Brand promotion Production power Craftsmanship Materials Pattern Retail power E-commerce store manager Retail management Retail marketingprocess and lecturer responsibilities, and establish a sound training management mechanism. Our various business lines established training policies, such as the Retail School Recruitment Management Trainee Training Policy, and other internal business training policies based on characteristics of job functions and business needs to consolidate employees business foundation and develop their professional skills, in order to achieve our talent pool build-up as underpinned by our employees job-function-specific expertise. Talent Cultivation SystemOur ANTA Talent Academy adopts online and face-to-face training based on rank and job duties. By sorting out the workflow, required professional skills and characteristics of key positions, the ANTA Talent Academy creates training programs for employees in four dimensions, namely merchandise power, brand power, production power, and retail power. The training program, which is based on the joint cultivation model School-enterprise co-creation led by CEO, creates in-depth experiential learning through training programs such as business classrooms, expansion and integration, inter-disciplinary learning, business simulation, case discussions, and project co-creation. It expands the international vision of our future key personnel, and develops their leadership ability, preparing them to become industry elite, who can lead Chinese enterprises to go global. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG-themed Training Sustainable development has become an important issue for all Chinese companies. We responded to national regulations and policies, as well as society s expectations of industry leaders, and provided various types of ESG-related trainings. This includes cooperation with Academy of Arts & Design of Tsinghua University on the use of green materials, sustainable development design courses, and cooperation with the WWF to develop Living Planet reports and Wild Animal Protection courses to strengthen a talent foundation for sustainable development. During the financial year, our learning platform launched four courses relating to anti-corruption issues and provided courses in English for foreign employees. Credentials and Skills Enhancement We encourage employees to obtain academic qualifications and external professional skills certification through continuing education and actively conduct school-enterprise cooperation with universities to provide undereducated factory employees with opportunities to learn and grow. We are committed to establishing a more concise, effective and flexible promotion mechanism. Regular promotion takes place in March and September. Moreover, for outstanding employees with great potential or those who have made outstanding contributions to the Group, we provide them with exceptional promotion opportunities. In addition to regular promotions, we also encourage employees to log on to our internal Employee Career Development Platform at any time to achieve promotion and personal development through competing for job vacancies within the Group. Caring for Employees Aiding underprivileged employees We care for underprivileged employees and their families. During the financial year, the Fujian Hemin Charity Foundation set up by the founder family deployed a total of RMB1. 94 million to assist employees in need. Initiatives included visiting and consoling underprivileged employees families, subsidizing their children, and aiding sick employees and their families. Promoting a Healthy Work-life Balance We adhere to people-oriented principles. Housing support We provide staff quarters for employees and family suites for married employees. Child care service Child care centers have been established in certain factories to provide commuting and child care services for employees children. Caring for women We set up Caring Nursery Rooms for working mothers, which are equipped with nursing chairs and refrigerators. Health guarantee We provide employees with personal protective equipment required for their daily work. Anti-epidemic care We encourage employees to get vaccinated, and regularly distribute masks and other anti-epidemic materials to office employees. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Combating Climate Change Low-Carbon Management Climate change has become the biggest global challenge. We have proactively responded to China s goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2060, work with our upstream and downstream partners to tackle climate change, and are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. With our carbon intensity decreasing year by year, we We continuously attach importance to environment protection and the pursuit of ecological civilization, and we are committed to incorporating sustainable development into corporate activities and decision-making. Material ESG issues addressed in this chapter Climate change Sustainable raw material sourcing Use of packaging materials GHG emissions General waste discharge Waste gas emissions and waste water disposal Use of energy Use of water resources are leading the green, low-carbon, and circular development of the industry. Combating Climate Change Risks We are committed to working with our upstream and downstream partners to address climate change risks in accordance with the SDGs of the United Nations. We are committed to addressing climate change-related risks, and we plan to conduct a group-wide climate change risk management and materiality assessment to identify and assess climate risks. In addition, we have emergency plans for extreme weather and natural disasters, such as typhoons and earthquakes, to ensure the stability of production and operations. ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 2 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume. Product Carbon Footprint We rolled out environmentally friendly shoes made with degradable or recyclable materials and incorporated environmental concepts more thoroughly into the process of product design, production, R&D, and manufacturing. Consumers can enjoy stylish sports outfit while engaging in the eco-friendly lifestyle and attitude that we advocate, thus enriching our brand value. We have actively replaced non-recyclable raw materials with degradable materials and bio-based materials, and strive to reduce our environmental impact. Our shoe products use water-based glue instead of oil-based glue, thus reducing the use of hazardous chemicals and the impact on our production workers health and the environment. In addition, we have developed new materials to promote sustainable development with innovative technology. During the financial year, FILA launched 618 themed environmentally friendly shoes. The upper textiles and leather materials contain environmentally friendly materials, and the shoebox materials are composed of 100 Forest Stewardship Council certified paper. Sustainable Packaging and Logistics Sustainable Packaging Materials We promote the transformation to sustainability in terms of our packaging materials, and have alleviated the distress over resources and the environment during production. Packaging reductionThroughout the process from production to sales, we proactively reduce the use of packaging materials We use crates for internal circulation in the factories to minimize the use of tags and packaging. We improved in-store displays to reduce the use of packaging material. Environmentally friendly materials We use environmentally friendly materials, such as recyclable or recycled materials, to reduce the amount of plastic packaging materials We use degradable paper or recycled paper as shoe packaging and do not use plastic bags for 99. 9 of our shoe products. Green Logistics We have explored various ways to achieve green logistics and are committed to reducing our carbon footprint from raw materials and product distribution. We are gradually replacing our fuel vehicles with electric vehicles in our logistic center. Packaging material consumption2 (ton) 21, 943. 96 49 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Green Production We abide by national laws and regulations and have formulated and abide by rigorous management systems. We have exerted a significant effort to reduce environmental pollution and have implemented a variety of green environmental protection measures in the production process, including classifying waste and saving on resources. Emissions and Waste Emissions Management We formulated relative policies to manage emissions, and conducted regular inspections of our waste water, exhaust gas and noise to ensure compliance with emissions regulations. During the financial year, we were not subject to any environmental or ecological-related fines. We have implemented effective measures to achieve green production, including proactively controlling the environmental impact from the production process and reducing the generation and emissions of dust and other pollutants We used fully automatic anti- splashing equipment and replaced manual production with mechanical arms. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation x carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 50 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Waste Management We abide by our Waste Management Policy, Waste Management Regulations, Hazardous Waste Management Policy and other internal policies and guidance and clearly define the responsibilities of all departments. Waste classification and treatment measures Recyclable waste wastepaper and scrap metal to be centralized at collection points then classified and passed to relevant departments for recycling Non-recyclable waste domestic and engineering waste to be stored in designated trash cans or places for regular collection by relevant departments Hazardous waste to be centralized at collection points and treated by qualified third parties with strict control and supervision of recycling and disposal 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 covers relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.. 6 The data of non-hazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and self- operated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (non-recyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of non-hazardous waste. During the financial year, our revenue reached RMB49, 328 million, representing an increase of 38. 9 as compared to that of 2020, while the total greenhouse gas emission intensity (ton of CO 2 equivalent revenue per million RMB) increased by 12. 2 to 2. 95 tons of CO2 equivalent as compared to 2020. During the financial year, we expanded the scope of data statistics and adopted the Operation Control Method to collect and calculate the environmental data, without converting the data of each enterprise according to the shareholding ratio. Therefore, the greenhouse gas emission data recorded increase in 2021 compared to 2020. 51 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT Energy Efficiency-improving Measures We scrap old vulcanization equipment with high energy consumption, replacing with low energy consumption equipment We optimize the splat-quenching design of some molds to shorten the quenching time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We optimize the rapid heating design of some molds to shorten the rapid heating time by 40 to improve energy efficiency We introduced automatic footwear-making equipment, including filmless bottoming machines, automatic rotary sand sieving machines, automatic drying machines, automatic secondary mold wedge forming machines, automatic small foaming machines, and automatic hydraulic rubber press machines We use automatic paperbox-folding machines Water Resources Management We issued Measures for Industrial Park Cost Savings and a Letter on Energy-saving, Consumption Reduction and Safe Production in the Industrial Park, which stipulate detailed measures for reducing water use in the production process, and ensure their implementation through an inspection system. Energy use performance Gasoline (kWh) Diesel (kWh) Natural gas (kWh) Purchased electricity (kWh) Purchased steam (kWh) 889, 062. 42 255, 379. 22 11, 895, 519. 78 205, 233, 867. 35 60, 989, 344. 52 Energy-saving measures We purchase electrical equipment with energy-saving labels We conduct frequent inspection on power lines and equipment, and take immediate steps to reduce unreasonable power consumption and power loss We use high-power energy-saving lamps for lighting. Automatic switching provides sufficient lighting, reduces the number of lamps used, adjusts the lighting time, and turns off the lights automatically when not in used. They are inspected by special personnel We strictly manage the use of air conditioners and elevators, and open them only when needed 52 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Green Advocacy We formulated the Office Management Policy to regulate the use of energy resources in the office areas and promoted a number of green office measures. Biodiversity Conservation We are committed to identifying and managing our business activities potential negative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystems in accordance with global biodiversity conservation goals and the Nature Conservation Outline of the People s Republic of China. For example, we cooperated with the WWF to focus on protecting the two endangered species, the Siberian tiger and the finless porpoise, through continuous promotion and education. We are committed to creating a good environment for the return of wild animals, protecting the earth s biodiversity, promoting the harmonious coexistence of humans and nature, and achieving global sustainable development. We launched the ANTA Forest forest and landscape recovery project at the Imperial Ming Tombs Forest Farm in Beijing. Forest and landscape restoration work was performed at numerous forest lots in the area to protect biodiversity and to offset the greenhouse gas emissions, and provide landscaping for the Beijing 2022 Olympic Winter Games. During the financial year, we had no incidents that had a negative impact on biodiversity. Total water consumption intensity (m Revenue per million RMB) Total water consumption (m ) 28. 87 1, 424, 206. 58Water consumption performance 53 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY Focusing on Sports As one of the leading sportswear companies in China, we focus on citizens sports health. Over the years, we have proactively participated in community development while promoting our production and operations and contributed to the construction of a harmonious society through various community activities. In addition to establishing a mutual aid fund for the poor, we focus on public service, such as serving the community, alleviating poverty, and helping in emergencies. Material ESG issue addressed in this chapter Social investment Supporting the Olympic Games ANTA has been a partner of the COC for 16 consecutive years, and has sponsored 22 Chinese national teams with professional sports outfit, including winter sports, boxing, taekwondo, gymnastics, weightlifting, wrestling, swimming, trampoline, etc. The strategic partnership demonstrated our efforts to proactively promote the Olympic and National spirit over the years. This was a combination of Chinese traditional culture, beauty and advanced technology, supporting Chinese Olympic athletes for the celebration on the victory podium. Athletes Social Interaction As role-models for the general public, athletes are dedicated to establishing a positive image for young people. ANTA is committed to bringing the athletes closer to the general public and strengthening the positive interaction. During the financial year, China s first figure skating world champion, Chen Lu, participated in the Winter Olympics with Me Sturdy Growth Sports Camp. Under the professional guidance of Miss Chen, the children were able to freely experience the fun of ice and snow, and learn how to build resilience and develop a strong physique. It enables students to master the basic knowledge and skills of physical education, while achieving moral education, which plays a vital role in improving the level of physical fitness of Chinese citizens. We have actively responded to the advocacy of the General Administration of Sport of China and the Ministry of Education for the integration of sports and education and are committed to the development of youth sports education. During the financial year, we organized the ANTA Sturdy Growth Charity Project in our home city Jinjiang, Fujian, and launched ANTA Physical Education Lessons with our partners, which integrated the physical and mental development, growth characteristics and needs of young people to cultivate their all-around sports development. students participated in the lessons, and 33 physical education teachers and ANTA volunteers received physical education teacher professional training in ANTA Physical Education Lessons. The training of frontline physical education teachers enhanced the professional physical education level and unleashed the teachers passion, thereby improving physical education quality and promoting the healthy all-around growth of young people. Public Welfare and Charity We are dedicated to rural revitalization, caring for children, combating the Pandemic, community public welfare, biodiversity protection, etc. Through our continuous devotion to public welfare and charity, we are committed to making a better society and building a positive image. Community Public Welfare We are committed wholeheartedly to contributing to public welfare and giving back to society through disaster relief and community development, integrating enterprise business value and social value. The project focuses GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY on Making Children Enjoy Happiness through Sports Activities. It allows young people in underdeveloped areas to grow happily by products donation, moral education and sports education. We are dedicated to integrating the sports spirit into every child s life. With our resources and strengths, we create a more comprehensive growing environment for young people and help them form a healthy lifestyle and personality. After the severe rainstorms in Henan province, we donated cash and sportswear equivalent to RMB50 million to the Henan Charity Network to support frontline rescue work in the affected areas and help people in those areas to rebuild their lives as soon as possible. During the financial year, our Volunteer Association Service Base was officially unveiled in Shanghai, and the ANTA Ski Camp was launched. Ten Dream Camp volunteers served the children at the event. Our volunteers and professional teachers told the children about the origin and development of skiing, laying the foundation of professional knowledge for their skiing dreams. KEY PERFORMANCE IN 2021 We donated RMB 65 million in cash to various charities and donated sportswear worth over RMB 270 million (calculated at tag value) Over the years, Sturdy Growth Charity Project has donated over RMB 490 million worth of sportswear (calculated at tag value)benefited over 3. 5 million students in 9, 137 schools in Chinaestablished 150 ADream Centerstrained 2, 817 physical education teachers 56 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 2022 marks the start of a new era. Embarking on our new journey, we adhere to the mission to integrating the sports spirit of Going beyond Oneself into everyone s daily life. Our basic framework for sustainable development is divided mainly into three stages Follower, Participant and Leader. On the path to sustainable development, we are now in the stages of Participant, as we aim to respond to international initiatives and formulate long-term goals and strategies. Compliance stage - FollowerCorporate social responsibility ParticipantCorporate sustainability LeaderMid-term Short-term Long-term Compliance and review Awareness cultivation System constructionSocial engagement System implementation Project counselingInternational participation Product sustainability System upgradeCurrent stagePROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE 57 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Our new ten-year MISSION We will continue to deepen our understanding of consumer needs and provide personalized products to integrate sports into people s lives. Our new ten-year VISION We seek opportunities amid change and keep moving. Multi-brand To cater to consumers differentiated needs through multi-brand strategy; to create diversified consumer values; to establish an array of brands in the realm of professional sports, fashion sports and outdoor sports; to strengthen and empower a synergistic platform that underpins multi-brand development. Globalization To create Chinese brands with global footprints; to unleash international brands profound growth potential in the China market. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE Multi-brand Single focusGlobalization 58 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Our corporate value proposition Mutualism with Eco-system Partners Collaborating with the Industry Chain, Supporting Employees to ThriveWe appreciate the fact that only through cooperation can we achieve win-win results, and we look forward to joining hands with all stakeholders for mutual growth and progress. The brands under ANTA Group will serve consumers with precise targeting to their respective markets, using three brand groups with differentiation Performance Sports, Fashion Sports and Outdoor Sports to create three growth drivers. During the financial year, we established a Sustainability Committee and continuously responded to issues such as product carbon footprint management, fighting climate change, green production, and sustainable packaging and logistics. PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE One overall goal of carbon neutrality by 2050 Three Zeros by 2030Five 50 By 2030We set achieving mutualism with the environment as our goal. Field of focus Key actions Medical support Donated funds to build a national grade-A tertiary public hospital Sports careers Launched ANTA Athlete Protection and Development Plan Rural revitalizationIntroduced the sports charity project Sturdy Growth Charity Project for young people to donate cash and equipment to help young people in underdeveloped areas to participate in healthy sports Environmental protectionActively cooperated with environmental protection organizations, participated in the rescue of endangered species, and contributed to biodiversity Five 50 By 2030 development with socially responsible practices. Two Improvements by 2030Engage 3, 000 upstream and downstream eco-system partners in the industry to improve their level of sustainabilityEngage 300 million consumers to exert joint efforts in sustainable development initiatives We believe that mutualism with the society is the source of our infinite vitality and energy, as well as the value we bring to our country and the world. Anti-corruption Company Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Monopoly Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People s Republic of China Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the People s Republic of China Supervision Law of the People s Republic of China Anti-Corruption Regulations Auditing and Supervision Policy Group Business Gift Management Policy Management Accountability Policy Exit Audit PolicyAPPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH 64 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW List of HKEX ESG Index Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions A Environment A1 EmissionsGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A1. 5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUEAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 66 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions KPI A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT PROSPECTS CELEBRATING ANTA SPORTS 30TH ANNIVERSARY, CREATING MUTUAL VALUE KPI A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tons) and if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT A4 Climate change General disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT KPI A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. PROMOTING A GREEN ENVIRONMENT 67 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B Society Employment and Labor PracticesB1 EmploymentGeneral disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. ESG Key Performance Index Data TableAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 68 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B2 Health and safety General disclosure General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. ESG Key Performance Index Data Table 69 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B4 Labor standards General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labor. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION APPENDIX 1 LIST OF ESG POLICIES AND LAWS AND REGULATIONS ANTA COMPLIES WITH KPI B5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION ESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATIONESG Key Performance Index Data Table KPI B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATION KPI B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. ANTA VALUE WIN-WIN COOPERATIONAPPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 70 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Aspects, general disclosure and KPIs Descriptions Comply or Explain Provisions B6 Product responsibility General disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. Emissions (nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and particulates) are mainly from emissions from the Group s manufacturing companies and emissions from the use of corporate vehicles, of which the calculation of corporate vehicle emissions is based on HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The formula used to calculate the main greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel consumption CO 2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion fuel consumption x low level heat generation X carbon content per unit calorific value x fuel carbon oxidation rate x 44 12, while the calculation of refrigerant emissions data refers to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are mainly from indirect greenhouse gas emissions generated from purchased electricity and ste am consumed in the Group s operation production process, calculated with reference to HKEX Appendix II Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs. The electricity emission factor for 2021 is adopted from the Guidelines on Enterprises Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting Power Generation Facilities (Huanban Qihou 2021 No. 9). The grid emission factor of 0. 5810 tCO 2 MWh has increased due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data, resulting in an increase in the scope 2 emission data for 2021. 73 ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A1 EmissionsA1. 3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity Total hazardous waste produced5Ton 24. 13 17 3. 01 Hazardous waste intensityKg Revenue per million RMB0. 49 Not disclosed Not disclosed A1. 4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensityTotal non-hazardous waste produced 6Ton 3, 248. 83 2, 359 2, 460. 51 Non-hazardous waste intensityTon Revenue per million RMB0. 07 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 1 Direct and indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity 7 Gasoline kWh 889, 062. 42 313, 192 19 8 Diesel9kWh 255, 379. 22 152, 407 2 8 Natural gas kWh 11, 895, 519. 78 12, 704, 352 2, 033, 039 10 Purchased electricity kWh 205, 233, 867. 35 110, 175, 714 116, 430, 026 Purchased steam kWh 60, 989, 344. 52 60, 770, 785 162, 424 11 Total energy consumptionMWh 279, 263. 17 Not disclosed Not disclosed Total energy consumption intensityMWh Revenue per million RMB5. 66 Not disclosed Not disclosed 5 Hazardous waste data are obtained from the disposal volume of hazardous waste of the Group s production enterprises, of which the data for 2021 and 2020 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd., Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd., and ANTA (China) Co., Ltd.; the data for 2019 cover relevant data of Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Company Ltd. and Henan ANTA Material Supply Co., Ltd.; the hazardous waste data for 2019 are disclosed in the 2019 ESG report as 3, 014 kg. The data of non-hazardous waste in 2021 are from domestic food waste (except for Fujian ANT A Logistics Information Technology Co., Ltd. and self- operated stores) and general industrial solid waste disposal (non-recyclable) of all production enterprises of the Group. The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of data resulted in an increase in the data of non-hazardous waste; the data of non-hazardous waste in 2019 were disclosed in the 2019 ESG Report as 2, 460, 514 kg. Energy consumption (unit kWh) is calculated from the consumption of gasoline, diesel, natural gas, purchased electricity and p urchased steam, while the calculation refers to the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption (GB2589-2020). Diesel consumption increased in 2021 due to the adoption of the Operation Control Method. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 74 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect A2 Use of ResourcesA2. 2 Water consumption in total and intensity Total water consumption m 1, 424, 206. 58 1, 684, 010 1, 912, 097 Total water consumption intensitym Revenue per million RMB28. 87 47 56 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with reference to per unit producedTotal packaging material consumption 12Ton 21, 943. 96 12, 283. 45 Not disclosed Intensity of packaging material consumptionTon Revenue per million RMB0. 44 Not disclosed Not disclosed B. SocialAspect B1 EmploymentB1. 1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group, and geographical region Total number of employees 13Person 52, 000 41, 000 30, 800 By genderMale 26. 0 27. 1 31. 6 Female 74. 0 72. 9 68. 4 By functionOffice employees 20. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 22. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 56. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed By rankPresident level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 14 1. 3 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 6. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 72. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 19. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed 12 The adoption of the Operation Control Method and the expansion of statistical scope of the types of packaging materials used in 2021 (including all types of packaging materials used in finished products) have led to an increase in the total volume, and the actual volume of packaging materials used in 2020 was 12, 283. 45 tons. The unit conversion error in the 2020 ESG report has been corrected in this report. The total number of employees is defined as our regular employees. In addition, we have 1, 051 other types of workers, such as t emporary workers, trainees and interns employed by our directly operated and managed businesses. The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B1 EmploymentBy age group 16-24 15. 4 11. 6 15. 6 25-40 73. 0 74. 3 69. 9 41 and above 11. 6 14. 1 14. 5 By geographical regionMainland China 99. 2 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 0. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed B1. 2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region 15 Total employee turnover rate 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By gender Male 65. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 48. 5 Not disclosed Not disclosed By age group16-24 89. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed 25-40 47. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed 41 and above 39. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed By geographical regionMainland China 52. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas regions 53. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed 15 Overall employee turnover rate (number of leaving employees during the financial year number of employees as of 31 December 2021) x 100. Employee turnover reflects the number of employees who have left (terminated their employment with the Group due to voluntary resignation, dismissal, retirement or death). Our statistics and reporting include all regular employees at all operating locations. The number of employees who left during probationary period is also included. Since both the retail and manufacturing industries are labor-intensive and thus have a higher turnover rate, we will continue to monitor the turnover rate and actively seek improvements. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 76 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyB2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year 16 Number of work-related fatalitiesPerson 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 B2. 2 Lost days due to work injury 17 Office employees Day 422 295. 5 55 Production and logistics staff18Day 2, 313 1, 815 551 Retail employees Day 2, 078 19493 240 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingB3. 1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category 20 Percentage of employees trained 79. 7 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by gender Male 23. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female 77. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Employees trained by rankPresident level 0. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 21 1. 4 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level 7. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others 77. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff 13. 8 Not disclosed Not disclosed 16 Data obtained from the Human Resources Department, verified by local authorities for workplace fatalities. The data cover employees in Mainland China and are obtained from the Company s human resources department in Mainland China, verified by local Human Resources and Social Security Bureau for workplace injuries. As for the injury data of employees in other regions, we are optimizing our data collection system and will disclose such information in the future. In 2021, we updated the categor y of employee function statistics from factory employees to production and logistics staff. For the number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries, the scope of data reporting covers production and logistics staff in 2021, and factory employees in 2020 and 2019, with no retrospective adjustments. The increase was due to the expansion of ANTA s retail business with FILA and other brands as a result of the DTC business transformation, which led to an increase in the number of retail employees and an overall increase in the size of the workforce, resulting in an increase in the number of workdays lost due to work-related injuries. The scope of data reporting excludes Quanzhou Athletic Shoes & Garments Co., Ltd. The percentage of employees trained (employ ees trained number of employees) x 100, employees trained in relevant category (employees trained in the specified category total number of employees trained) x 100. 21 The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B3 Development and TrainingEmployees trained by function Office employees 21. 9 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staff 15. 1 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees 63. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed B3. 2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category 22 Average training hours Hour 17. 58 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by gender Male employee average training hours Hour 14. 35 Not disclosed Not disclosed Female employee average training hoursHour 18. 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by rankPresident level Hour 6. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Director level 23Hour 19. 33 Not disclosed Not disclosed Manager level Hour 19. 67 Not disclosed Not disclosed Officers and others Hour 19. 63 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production staff Hour 7. 61 Not disclosed Not disclosed Average training hours by functionOffice employees Hour 16. 96 Not disclosed Not disclosed Production and logistics staffHour 7. 13 Not disclosed Not disclosed Retail employees Hour 21. 14 Not disclosed Not disclosed 22 A verage training hours per employee total training hours total number of employees. The scope of data reporting includes the director level within the Group and excludes members of the Board of Directors. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 78 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B5 Supply Chain ManagementB5. 1 Number of suppliers by geographical region Total number of suppliers Number 379 24720 25Over 669 26 Contracted suppliers in China 94. 2 96. 9 97. 0 Contracted suppliers overseas 5. 8 3. 1 3. 0 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented Suppliers that signed the Code of Conduct 27 96. 6 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 9001 certificationNumber 267 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 14001 certificationNumber 162 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with ISO 45001 certification Number 65 Not disclosed Not disclosed Number of suppliers with bluesign certificationNumber 45 40 40 24 The scope of data reporting is the number of direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. W e are optimizing the statistical management and data collection system of the data indicators related to our upstream business, so the data of tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers in 2021 are not disclosed in this report, and such information will be considered for future disclosure. The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. The scope of data reporting includes direct suppliers and some tier 2 and tier 3 suppliers. The scope of data reporting is direct suppliers with whom the Group has contracted. ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Subject Area ESG KPIs Unit 2021 2020 2019 Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityB6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons Recalled products Not applicable 0. 01 Less than 0. 03 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received 28 Product complaints Case 294, 924 295, 011 305, 433 31 Among which Shoes 63. 8 56. 0 55. 5 Apparel 35. 0 42. 4 43. 3 Accessories 1. 2 1. 6 1. 2 Service complaints32Case 6, 060 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B7 Anti-corruptionB7. 1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases Legal cases regarding corrupt practicesCase 1 0 2 B7. 3 Anti-corruption training provided to directors and employeesAnti-corruption training for top management and Board members 33Number of participants 728 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for office employees 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Anti-corruption training for Board members 100. 0 Not disclosed Not disclosed Aspect B8 Community InvestmentB8. 2 Resources contributed to the focus area Cash Million RMB 65 32 36 Product (calculated at tag value)Million RMB Over 270 Over 100 Over 100 28 The scope of data is ANT A and the FILA brand. In 2021, we optimized our statistics and expanded the scope of product complaints to include quality returns, 400 hotline compl aints and online complaints. In response to the DTC business transformation and the advancement of e-commerce operations, we are increasingly focusing on ou r customer service quality, striving to optimize our service quality to provide consumers with a better shopping experience. In 2021, we improved our statistics and reporting methods, and incorporated service-related complaints into our ESG KPIs and management. APPENDIX 2 SUSTAINABILITY OVERVIEW 80 ANTA Sports Products Limited ESG Report 2021 81AMER SPORTS Amer Sports Oy (Amer Sports Corporation), a sporting goods company incorporated in the Republic of Finland ANTA ANTA Brand ANTA KIDS ANTA KIDS brand, which offers ANTA products for children ANTA SPORTS COMPANY GROUP WE OUR US ANTA Sports Products Limited ANTA STORE(S) ANTA authorized retail store(s) AUDIT COMMITTEE The audit committee of the Company BOARD Board of Directors CG CODE Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules CHINA PRC People s Republic of China COC Chinese Olympic Committee CO2Carbon dioxide CO2 equivalent Carbon dioxide equivalent CSD Chinese Sports Delegation DESCENTE DESCENTE brand DESCENTE STORE(S) DESCENTE retail store(s) DTC Direct to Consumer ESG Environmental, social and governance EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Executive director(s) of the CompanyFILA FILA Brand FILA FUSION The sub-brand of FILA, which offers youth s trendy clothing FILA KIDS FILA KIDS brand, which offers FILA products for children FILA STORE(S) FILA retail store(s) FINANCIAL YEAR The year ended 31 December 2021 GHG Greenhouse gas GROUP The Company and its subsidiaries HONG KONG The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE HKEX The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Independent non-executive director(s) of the Company KOLON SPORT KOLON SPORT brand KOLON SPORT STORE(S) KOLON SPORT retail store(s) KPI Key performance indicator LISTING RULES The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time) MACAO The Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRCMAINLAND CHINA Mainland of China, geographically excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan MSCI MSCI Standard Indexes NOMINATION COMMITTEE The nomination committee of the Company NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR(S) Non-executive director(s) of the Company PANDEMIC 2019 novel coronavirus disease R&D Research and development REMUNERATION COMMITTEE The remuneration committee of the Company REPORT Environmental, Social, Governance Report RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The risk management committee of the Company RMB Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC SDGS The United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals SHAREHOLDER(S) Shareholder(s) of the Company SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE The sustainability committee of the Company UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural OrganizationGLOSSARY ESG Report 2021 ANTA Sports Products Limited Concept and Design - Mens Creation Ltd. www. 