In 2022, Bank of China supported the Silk Road Artists' Rendezvous art exhibition, which showcased the charm of cultural integration through the unique perspectives of artists from countries along the Belt and Road, representing the Bank's effort to work together with all parties to promote sustainable economic, social and environmental development. The work Peace displayed in the Silk Road Artists' Rendezvous art exhibition was created by Leila Shili, a Tunisian painter. The colorful, free and dynamic silhouettes of plants and animals in the picture are endowed with the best wishes for building a shared future of all life on earth. Restructured into a wholly state-owned commercial bank in 1994, the Bank provides various financial services, and has developed into a large commercial bank delivering services in local and foreign currencies and featuring complete business varieties and strong strength. The Bank is the official banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics and the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics, thus making it the only bank in China to serve two Olympic Games. In 2011, Bank of China became the first financial institution from an emerging economy to be designated as a Global Systemically Important Bank, a designation it has now maintained for 12 consecutive years. As China s most globalised and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions, and BOCHK and the Macau Branch serve as local note-issuing banks in their respective markets. Bank of China embodies a noble sense of duty and commitment. Over its 111 years of development, the Bank constantly cared about the nation, dedicated to contribute to the country, and continued to strive for prosperity of the country and rejuvenation of the nation. Being deeply rooted in people and committed to providing excellent services, it has fulfilled its responsibilities of delivering financial services for the people, bringing benefits and convenience to the people, and improving the living standards of the people. It has always followed the law, innovated with prudence, and upheld the spirit of integrity and innovation to strengthen the Bank. As a large state-owned commercial bank on a new journey towards fully building a modern socialist country, the Bank, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, will carry forward the Bank s century-old tradition of pursuing excellence, take full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development philosophy, contribute to the new development pattern; consciously uphold the mission of Bridge China and the World for the Common Good; practice the values of provide excellent service, innovate with prudence, uphold openness and inclusiveness, collaborate for mutual growth; move faster to build a first-class modern global banking group, bolster the Chinese modernisation, promote high-quality economic and social development, and make an even greater contribution to realising the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation in all respects. Corporate Culture Concept SystemCorporate Culture Concept System MissionMission ValuesValues VisionVision Bridge China and the World for the Common Good Provide Excellent Services Uphold Openness and Inclusiveness Innovate with Prudence Collaborate for Mutual Growth Build a First-class Global Banking Group Inheriting the fine tradition of serving the people, BOC will leverage its characteristic advantages in globalised services, and respond to the calling of the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation. Through financial services, the Bank will help build a new development paradigm featuring a dual circulation, and boost financing connectivity, smooth trade, and mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world. With in-depth insights into customer demands, agile response to market changes, and efficient coordination, the Head Office serves branches, the back line serves the front line, and the Bank serves its customers as BOC believes that sincere attitude and excellent services will help it win more customers. BOC always seeks for inclusiveness, learns widely from the strengths of others, keeps pace with the trends of the times, constantly adjusts its strategies and policies in accordance with changing circumstances, and takes the initiative to integrate into society and people s livelihood, the new development paradigm and community with a shared future for mankind. In this way, it aims to realize the win-win cooperation of the Bank and its customers, as well as the joint growth and flourishment between employees and the Bank. Introduction Awards and HonorsAwards and Honors Award Issued by ComprehensiveComprehensiveRanked 4th in Top 1000 World Banks in 2022 The BankerRanked 4th in Top 500 Global Banking Brands in 2022 Ranked 42nd in Global 500 in 2022 Fortune MSCI ESG rating of A in 2022 MSCI 2022 Market Leader rankings EuromoneyEnvironmental, Social, and Corporate Governance (ESG) - Tier 1 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) - Tier 1 Best ESG Bank in China for 2022 Asiamoney 2022 Best Cases of A-share Listed Companies ESG PracticeChina Association for Public Companies Jinnuo - Top 10 Socially Responsible Organisations of the Year in the Chinese Financial SectorChina Banking and Insurance NewsJinnuo - Top 10 CSR Reports of the Year in the Chinese Financial Sector EnvironmentalEnvironmentalIFF Global Green Finance Award - Innovation AwardInternational Finance Forum (IFF) Best Progress AwardGreen Investment Principles (GIP) for the Belt and Road Initiative Awards including the Best Sustainable Finance Issuer, Best Sustainability-related Bonds, and Best Carbon Neutrality-themed Green BondsThe Asset Global Awards Outstanding Leadership in ESG-linked Loans Global FinanceRegional Awards - Asia Pacific Outstanding Leadership in Transition Sustainability-linked Loans, Outstanding Leadership in Sustainable Project Finance, and Outstanding Leadership in ESG-linked Loans National Regional Awards 2022 Sustainable Finance Award in China Stars of China Best Sustainability Bank Exemplary Units for Green BankingChina Banking Association Low-carbon Pioneers of the Year at the 14th Annual Conference on Social Responsibility of Chinese EnterprisesSouthern Weekly Award Issued by SocialSocialBest Employers of the Year 2022, Most Sustainable Employers, and Most Digital Responsible EmployersForbes China FinTech Development AwardPeople s Bank of China 2022 Innovation China Innovations for Digital and Inclusive FinanceChina Association for Science and Technology, China Institute of Communications Typical Cases for Inclusive Finance in China (2022)China Banking Association, 21st Century Institute of Finance 2022 Excellent Case of Inclusive Finance in the Banking IndustryChina. cn Typical Cases of Financial Services for Small and Micro Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Refined Management, Distinction, and Innovation in 2022China Banking Association, China Association of Small and Medium Enterprises Exemplary Cases in Digital Transformation of Financial Institutions in 202221st Century Business Herald GovernanceGovernanceNine Party branches were included in the Party Branches of CPC Central Committee and State Council Organs Strong in Four Aspects Working Committee of Organs Directly under the CPC Central Committee and the State Council The 17th Round Table Award for Boards of China s Listed Companies - Special Contribution to Corporate GovernanceDirectors & Boards The Best Investor Relations and Best Investor Relations Board of Directors at the 13th Tianma Awards for Investor Relations of Chinese Listed CompaniesSecurities Times The highest rating of A in the annual evaluation of information disclosureShanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) Top Boards of Supervisors of Listed Companies in 2022 - Best Practice AwardChina Association for Public Companies AspirationCommitted to Implementing National StrategiesBearing in mind the country s most fundamental interestsBearing in mind the country s most fundamental interests Being Committed to serving the country with financeBeing Committed to serving the country with finance This year, BOC kept in mind to actively implement the national strategy, actively served the real economy, and acted as a financial bridge to boost the domestic and international dual circulation. Appearing on the stage of the China International Import Expo for five consecutive years, BOC provided a full range of financial services to global guests and blossomed its own distinctive elegance in the stage of high- standard opening-up. Performance Highlights As the real economy serves as the foundation of financial industry, serving the real economy is of prime importance to the continuous development of finance. As a large state-owned commercial bank, BOC closely aligned its own situation with national reform and development, shared weal and woe with the country, continuously strengthened its support to the real economy, and fulfilled its responsibilities in serving the high-quality development of the real economy. In 2022, BOC closely followed the national strategic development, improved the quality and efficiency of financial service for the real economy, actively served to build the country into a world power of science and technology, helped advance greater self-reliance and self-improvement in science and technology, and supported the high-quality development of strategic emerging industries and specialized, refined, featured and innovative enterprises. Relying on the inclusive financial brand Inclusive Loan, the Bank made all-out efforts to develop an inclusive financial service system featuring openness, shared benefits, rich resources and convenient services, so as to continuously expand the coverage of its inclusive financial services. It also increased financial support for rural revitalization, optimized the structure for agriculture-related credit, and helped modernize agriculture and rural areas. The Bank increased resources input in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Yangtze River Delta and Guangdong- Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area with a focus on key areas, promoted infrastructure connectivity, and gave greater play to the effect of industry cluster. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries amounted to RMB1, 122. 1 billion, an increase of RMB600. 5 billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises was RMB1, 228. 3 billion, with a growth rate of 39. 34 during the year, and the number of accounts of such loans went up 20. 87 to 747, 900, seeing a growth rate of 39. 28 in loans granted to micro and small enterprises; the balance of agriculture-related loan was RMB2, 074. 8 billion, up 19. 55 this year, and the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loan reached RMB260. 3 billion, up 37. 91 this year; the balance of loans to the projects of the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region was RMB376. 4 billion, with RMB165. 3 billion newly invested during the year, and the total verified credit approved for the construction projects and enterprises in the Xiongan New Area in Hebei province reached RMB340. 8 billion; the Bank established overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions, including 42 BRI countries. Growth rate of loans for micro and small enterprises ( ) 202133. 60 202239. 28 20, 748Balance of agriculture-related loans (RMB100 million) 2022 202115, 18517, 408 2020202021. 43 Balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries (RMB100 million) 20215, 215. 78 202211, 220. 73 20202, 222. 43 805, 861 2021 2022 2020497, 300644, 037 Number of micro and small enterprises to which the Bank granted loans Balance of loans to individual business start-up (RMB100 million) 2020 2021 202222. 7326. 3234. 78 Amount of new loans granted to various transportation sectors (RMB100 million) 3, 2534, 6864, 834 2020 2021 2022 19 18 BOC released in cooperation with the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People s Republic of China the Action Plan on Implementing the One Mainstay, Two Engines Strategy to Help Enterprises Become More Innovative. Promoting Greater Self-sufficiency and Strength in Science and TechnologyPromoting Greater Self-sufficiency and Strength in Science and Technology BOC has been dedicated to serving the drive to build China s strength in science and technology, developing technology finance with quality and efficiency further assured. By the end of 2022, the Bank provided credit support worth RMB1, 006, 800 million1 to high-tech enterprises, along with an array of comprehensive financial services worth RMB455. 9 billion, including equity investment, bond investment, bond underwriting, asset management, and financial leasing. Pilot program was launched Pilot program was launched to provide efficient financial to provide efficient financial servicesservices Accurate profiling made it possible Accurate profiling made it possible to provide customers with appropriate product solutionsto provide customers with appropriate product solutions Investment-loan linkage was createdInvestment-loan linkage was created to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities The pilot program for technology finance was innovatively launched, where a fast and efficient channel could be opened up to meet financing needs of high-tech enterprises b y optimising the traditional credit granting process and approving financing applications of enterprises faster. After the launch of the pilot program, 1, 467 applications were approved, which involved loans worth RMB66, 571 million. Focused on the business needs of high-tech and start-up enterprises throughout the whole life cycle, 54 products in ten scenarios were integrated to create a full spectrum of technology finance products. An evaluation model for high-tech enterprises was constructed, in which indicators from technological, financial, and enterprise value dimensions were used to score these enterprises, and special scorecards were tailored to facilitate the approval processes for specific key industries, taking into account the developments and characteristics of these industries. Focused on the characteristics of technology finance, an all-round service system was built in which direct and indirect financing could complement each other and domestic and foreign financing would promote each other, and business models combining loan and direct investment, commercial banking and diversified finance, and raising funds and great minds together were explored to provide high-tech enterprises with financial solutions for access to the Bank s global resources and services at any point of contact. As at the end of 2022, the medium and long-term loans to the manufacturing sector grew by RMB227 billion throughout the year; the balance of loans to strategic emerging industries was RMB1, 122. 1 billion, the balance of technology finance loans exceeded RMB1 trillion; and the balance of loans to more than 18, 000 specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new and unique products surpassed RMB345 billion. Professional services were providedProfessional services were provided to facilitate the formation of a pool of international scientists to facilitate the formation of a pool of international scientists BOC provided foreign experts of the Chinese Academy of Sciences with a wide range of professional financial services, such as exclusive service outlets, bilingual services, debit and credit card opening facilitation, and payroll foreign exchange (FX) purchase. Aware that Yuhang District is committed to developing digital economy, BOC Zhejiang Branch joined hands with Zhejiang Digital Economy Society to actively explore and design Digital Innovation Loan, a scenario-specific credit solution that could meet the financing needs and risk characteristics of small and micro enterprises in the digital economy. Specifically, experts from Zhejiang Digital Economy Society would be invited to conduct professional evaluation by taking into account many non-financial factors such as the background of the founding team, external evaluation, development results, the development trend of an industry, market application, and project progress, and the technical strength, stability, and willingness ability to perform of the actual controller and core team. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans granted by the Bank to strategic emerging industries was RMB1, 122, 100 million, an increase of RMB600, 500 million, or 115, from the beginning of the year. Propelling Quality-oriented Development of Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Propelling Quality-oriented Development of Enterprises Featuring Specialty, Refined Management, Distinction, and InnovationRefined Management, Distinction, and Innovation Focused on small and medium enterprises featuring specialty, refined management, distinction, and innovation, BOC continues to optimise financial services and innovate financing models. BOC provides these enterprises with financial products to meet their needs at all stages of their life cycle. The Growth Path service model is created to ensure these enterprises can get financial support whenever they need along the way to grow rapidly from innovative SMEs to little giant enterprises to single-product specialists in the manufacturing industry. Focusing on one channel Focusing on one channel 20 BOC relies on its advantages in integrated operation and internal cooperation mechanism to offer these enterprises real- sense one-stop services. Relying on two engines Relying on two engines Comprehensive financial servicesComprehensive financial servicesCredit supportCredit support A comprehensive service system covering investment, loan, bond, securities, leasing, and insurance, among other business areas is created to effectively meet the diversified financial needs of these enterprises. Meanwhile, a corporate-private banking linkage mechanism is established to provide private banking services for the owners of these enterprises. The information channels between commercial banking and investment banking are opened up to offer these enterprises diversified financing support. BOC furnishes these enterprises with differentiated credit support by tailoring exclusive products for different levels of customers under varying scenarios. By the end of 2022, the balance of credit the Bank provided for 18, 000 such enterprises exceeded RMB345 billion. Keenly aware of the difficulties and challenges facing these enterprises, BOC provides them with precise financial support in three key areas, that is, innovation and transformation, supply chain consolidation & improvement, and international development. Conscious of the high-tech and asset-light characteristics of these enterprises, BOC established the Intellectual Property Rights Financing Innovation Lab with the China National Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA), to develop and launch the Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, an IPR- pledged financing product. With this product, enterprises in catering, cultural tourism, and other industries in trouble could apply for credit support by pledging their trademarks. Highlighting three key areas Highlighting three key areas Innovation and transformationInnovation and transformation Supply chain consolidation & improvementSupply chain consolidation & improvement International developmentInternational development Relying on the Inclusive Loan for Supply Chain customer acquisition model, BOC increased its cooperation with the leading enterprises in communications, manufacturing, and other industries at the top of their supply chains, and launched exclusive solutions for key supply chains where these enterprises are concentrated. The Bank piloted the cross-border financing facilitation project for these enterprises in many places, helping them use foreign debt funds more efficiently. Relying on the BOC E-cooperation platform, it rendered these enterprises with cross-border matchmaking services, both online and offline. BOC has created four tools by relying on its personnel and channels to better serve these enterprises. A host of digitalised platforms such as the BOC E-cooperation platform, Inclusive Loan app, and applets allowed these enterprises to apply for financial products, conduct business matchmaking activities, find partners, and share patent resources, greatly enhancing the accessibility of financial services for them. A team of FinTech specialists was built to regularly conduct policy interpretation and business training. An inclusive finance-themed activity was launched for these enterprises, to provide them with precise services through many forms of bank-enterprise matchmaking, product promotion, business training, and policy interpretation. Meanwhile, government departments, industrial parks, investment institutions, and other parties were invited. So far, the activity has been held over 1, 400 sessions nationwide to help these enterprises get the much-needed financial resources. Relying on the Inclusive Loan inclusive finance brand, the Bank took digitalised transformation and scenario-based customer acquisition as two engines to promote the integrated development of channels, products, and services, strengthen the bank-government, banking-insurance, banking-guarantee, and bank- enterprise collaboration, and build a system of comprehensive services for small and micro enterprises, which would be intelligent, automated, professional, diversified, and meticulous. It helped micro and small enterprises to improve their ability to resist risks and production and operation conditions through sound financial health, so as to achieve sustainable development. By the end of 2022, the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements was RMB1, 228. 3 billion, representing an annual growth rate of 39. 34. The number of loan customers was 747, 900, representing an annual growth rate of 20. 87. Some of these measures included establishing sound fault-tolerant arrangements and risk mitigation mechanisms, building funding channels, and innovating products and services with the help of technology, all of which would improve the quality and efficiency of services for small and micro enterprises in all aspects. At the same time, BOC launched specific initiatives and action plans in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shenzhen, Chongqing, and Qinghai, among other places, to support small and micro enterprises. These initiatives and plans addressed the most urgent needs of small and micro enterprises from various dimensions, such as policy resources, platform connection, products and services, special scenarios, bank-guarantee cooperation, and fee reduction and concession, so that the Bank could accompany its customers through their difficult times together. Informed of the financing needs of small and micro enterprises, BOC introduced a number of measures to help them ensure business continuity. For example, the Bank announced a new round of deferred loan repayment, and provided financial support for enterprises with temporary operating difficulties through various means such as extended loans, roll- over loans, and loan renewals without repayment of principal. The intelligent Global Transaction Banking (iGTB) platform was added with a series of online functions, such as loan application, archiving, demand analysis, mortgage calculator, and inquiry, allowing customers to apply for loans and check the progress of their applications online anytime, anywhere. By the end of 2022, BOCHK took 520 online loan applications through the iGTB platform, with 36 loans approved and disbursed in a cumulative amount of HKD70. 76 million. These loans were all government-guaranteed loans with lower interest rates than the average unsecured loans for SMEs, which could effectively help applicants reduce their high financing costs. Integrated digital solutions for inclusive financial servicesIntegrated digital solutions for inclusive financial services Using Technology to Achieve Service Availability Around the ClockUsing Technology to Achieve Service Availability Around the Clock BOC has seized the opportunities presented by the digital economy to accelerate the digital transformation of inclusive finance, and used cutting-edge technologies to upgrade its online products and services on all fronts. In 2022, BOC launched a number of new products, which included the E Mortgage Loan and Business E Loan, two inclusive financial products for personal customers; the Guaranteed Inclusive Loan, a guaranteed product for corporate customers, the Sci-tech Innovation Loan, a corporate product exclusive for high-tech enterprises; and the Inclusive Loan for Intellectual Property Owners, an IPR-pledged product. Some of the products could support the online operation of the whole process, consisting of loan application, review and approval, contracting, money withdrawal, payment, and repayment, providing small and micro enterprises with efficient, convenient and contactless online financial services. These online services and products greatly supported small and micro enterprises, further enhancing the accessibility of inclusive financial services. A wide range of online digitalised inclusive financial productsA wide range of online digitalised inclusive financial products Relying on its superior FinTech, BOC independently developed and launched the Inclusive Loan app, a comprehensive inclusive financial service platform for small and micro enterprises, self-employed individuals, entrepreneurs, agriculture- related business entities, and other customer groups. The app is committed to building a model that integrates financing, consulting, and commercial services, promoting the sustainable development of inclusive finance by reducing service costs and improving the adoption of digital means, and enhancing the ability to serve the real economy. With the help of big data, cloud computing, and other technologies, the Inclusiv e Loan app has created a unified portal to online services covering the entire lineup of corporate and personal products, synchronously integrated financial tools such as online account opening, credit line measurement, and tax authorisation, and incorporated value-added services such as small and micro enterprise classes and supply-demand alignment. With the service radius extended effectively, the app succeeded in bridging the last-mile gap in the provision of financial services. Convenient access to digitalised inclusive financial servicesConvenient access to digitalised inclusive financial services 27 26Focusing on Employment Stabilisation and ExpansionFocusing on Employment Stabilisation and Expansion to Improve People s Well-beingto Improve People s Well-being In 2022, BOC launched the innovative Job Creation inclusive finance action plan (also known as the Job Creation campaign) with the theme of Promoting Employment, aiming to enhance the role of inclusive finance in driving employment. As part of the campaign, the Inclusive Loan for Employment inclusive financial service programme was formulated to provide multi-channel financing support and comprehensive financial services for small and micro enterprises that could hire a large number of people, be effective in stabilising employment, and strictly comply with labour standards. Besides, BOC entered into a systematic and holistic partnership with the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security to jointly explore a long-term mechanism for stabilising job creation and promoting employment. Relying on the Job Creation campaign, BOC provided a full package of inclusive financial services such as financing support, employment matchmaking, and complimentary insurance to support small and micro enterprises and self-employed individuals that could hire large numbers of new citizens, such as domestic help companies, restaurants, pharmacies, and takeaway delivery firms. The support provided by the Bank covered labour management, employment, capital turnover, personal insurance, etc. The campaign benefited 26, 000 customers, involving credit worth more than RMB80 billion. Relying on the Job Creation zone on the BOC E-cooperation platform, BOC provided a convenient information platform for employers and job seekers, bridging the information divide between the two sides. The Inclusive Loan for Employment inclusive financial service programme was promoted throughout the jurisdiction, mainly targeted at the enterprises that could hire large numbers of new citizens, such as those who have returned to their hometowns to start their own businesses, rural entrepreneurs, retired military personnel, and college graduates. The Inclusive Loan for Supply Chain integrated inclusive financial service programme was tailored for small and micro merchants on cooperative platforms, including restaurants, hotels, retailers, and logistics providers. It supported small and micro merchants in 19 provinces and municipalities including Shanghai, Guangdong, Sichuan, Jiangsu, Beijing, Zhejiang, Jilin, Qinghai, and Yunnan and boost employment. The Bank has integrated the resources of the Group, including personal financial products, credit services, wealth management services, and insurance services, to support the diversified financial needs of two types of new citizens, that is, corporate customers with stable employment and personal customers starting up their own businesses. In Guangdong Province where new citizens are concentrated, the Bank joined hands with the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Guangdong Province to issue the Financing Service Programme to Promote the Cantonese Chefs, Guangdong Technicians, and Southern Guangdong Housekeepers Projects for Enhancing Employment and Business Startup, the first of its kind in the financial industry, to provide precise services for the three types of skilled personnel mentioned in the above document, who are also new citizens, and help them get employed and raise income through their skills. At the same time, the Bank increased its support for enterprises and entities such emergency logistics enterprises, truck drivers, and vehicle owners. In addition, BOC launched a campaign to promote the policy that flexibly employed people could open housing provident fund (HPF) accounts on their own. A total of 18 branches across the Bank participated in the local HPF centre s flexible pilot contribution programme for flexibly employed persons, further broadening the groups benefiting from the HPF system and helping new citizens meet their housing needs. Progress was made towards the full coverage of financial services in 160 national key counties receiving assistance for rural revitalisation. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans extended by institutions of the Bank to key counties receiving assistance stood at RMB25, 037 million, up by RMB3, 739 million, or 17. 56, from the beginning of the year. The Agriculture, Culture and Tourism Loan inclusive financial services programme was created to promote the integrated development of primary, secondary, and tertiary industries in rural areas and make financial services accessible throughout the industry chains of agriculture, culture, and tourism. The Seed Industry Loan, Agricultural Machinery Loan, and other service schemes were rolled out to increase financing support for key areas such as the grain industry chain and agricultural modernisation. Optimised or innovative products in the categories of supply chain, featured industry, and special collateral were introduced in Zhejiang, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Inner Mongolia, and Guangdong, among other places. BOC actively explored developing small loans for people just lifted out of poverty in light of actual conditions. By the end of 2022, the balance of small loans extended to people lifted out of poverty (including small loans for poverty alleviation) was RMB84 million, an increase of 50 compared with the beginning of the year, and 1, 347 new loans were disbursed with a total amount of RMB67 million throughout the year. By the end of 2022, the balance of agriculture-related loans was RMB2, 074. 8 billion, representing a growth rate of 19. 55 for the year, and the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loans stood at RMB260. 3 billion, representing a growth rate of 37. 91 for the year. A total of 28 new institutions were established in counties throughout the year, with service presence extended to 18 new counties compared to the beginning of the year. Outlets in rural areas were built into frontline service stations for the rural revitalisation drive. By the end of 2022, 556 outlets of this type were established by the Bank. As the largest rural bank group in China in terms of the number of institutions and scale of business, it gets its business presence concentrated in the central and western counties that usually have little or no access to financial services. By the end of 2022, BOC Fullerton Community Bank s loan balance was RMB73, 429 million, with the per-account loan reaching RMB161, 700. Of its loans, agriculture-related loans and loans extended to small and micro enterprises accounted for over 94. 09. BOC signed a tripartite strategic cooperation agreement with the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the National Rural Revitalization Administration, to innovate the model of financial services for agriculture, rural areas, and farmers by strengthening the basic support for modern agriculture, continuously consolidating and expanding the achievements in poverty eradication, promoting rural development with joint efforts, strongly facilitating rural construction, and accelerating the improvement in rural governance, etc. BOC actively participated in the Credit Express activity organised by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs for agricultural business entities, providing convenient and efficient financial credit support for new agricultural business entities who found financing difficult and expensive. Dangyang is a large grain-producing county in Hubei Province and even China. The product is suitable for enterprises and farmers engaged in rice planting, production and sales. The unsecured credit product is included in the green passage scheme, thus ensuring fast approval procedures and low interest rates. By the end of 2022, the balance of loans in support of the coordinated development of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region reached RMB376. 4 billion, representing an increase of RMB165. 3 during the year. BOC intensified its services to key regions such as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Xiongan New Area, the Yangtze River Economic Belt, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and the Yangtze River Delta, helping the practical implementation of the national regional development strategy. BOC continuously increased financial support for Xiongan New Area as the Bank took it as a mission to provide high- standard services for the construction of the area. By the end of 2022, a total of RMB340. 8 billion verified credit limits was approved to major projects and enterprises in the area. BOC considered serving the major regional strategies of the country as one of the strategic priorities of its 14th Five-Year Development Plan, gave full play to its leading role in key regions, and provided high-quality and efficient financial services in the investment and construction of major projects such as infrastructure construction and improvement of people s livelihood, contributing its financial strength to the integration of key regions and the high-quality development of the country. Promoting the community rebuilding in the New Area and approving credit limits for enterprises including PowerChina Hebei Xiongan Zhihuicheng Construction and Development Co., LTD, CCCC Xiongan Industrial Development Co., LTD, and HECIG Xiongan Construction and Development Co., LTD. In 2022, BOC Jiangsu Branch granted the first B&B Loan in Jiangsu Province to a hotel in Yixing City. Financial resources were channeled into the B&B industry in rural areas BOC Hubei Branch staff members pay a field visit to the rice planting base in Hongguang Village, Banyue Town, Dangyang City 33 32 Development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay AreaDevelopment of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area In 2022, BOC continued to implement the national development strategy for the Guangdong-Hong Kong- Macao Greater Bay Area, actively support the development of the Guangdong-Macao in-depth cooperation zone in Hengqin and the Northern Metropolis of Hong Kong, and increase financial support for technological innovation and development, infrastructure connectivity, industrial transformation and upgrading, ecological conservation, and improvement of people s livelihood in the Greater Bay Area. Moreover, the Bank created an innovative development mode of technology finance business with BOC characteristics, seeing continuous growth of the credit coverage rate of specialized, refined, differential and innovative enterprises. By the end of 2022, the loan balance of the four major BOC institutions in the Greater Bay Area remained at RMB4. 1 trillion. By the end of 2022, the balance of RMB loans in the 13 branches along the Yangtze River Economic Belt amounted to RMB6. 66 trillion, up RMB0. 78 trillion, or 11. 71, over the beginning of the year. Creating exclusive productsCreating exclusive products BOC launched the individual business loan product Jiangsu Fishing Loan to provide credit support to retired fishermen who intend to start their own businesses. In order to ensure that the credit funds meet the seasonal production needs of fishery in time, the Bank went into the villages and households to study the needs of farmers. It also changed its service model by carrying out the activity of sending loans to the countryside for the benefit of rural residents and adopting video auditing to improve the approval efficiency. GuizhouGuizhou BOC formulated the Thirty Opinions on Supporting Guizhou to Break New Ground in the Great Development of Western China in the New Era, played the advantages of products and services, supported the construction of major projects in science and technology innovation, ecological conservation and security in key areas, helped cultivate various market entities such as sci-tech enterprises, private enterprises and high-quality park enterprises, and provided convenient personal financial services. JiangxiJiangxi Focusing on the outline of the 14th Five-Year Plan of Jiangxi Province, BOC developed a financial work plan to accelerate the rise of Jiangxi in the high-quality development of the central region in the new era and channeled credit resources to areas in favor of high-quality economic development. BOC provided vigorous support to the construction of key areas, helped key infrastructure projects such as Jiujiang-Nanchang Passenger Line, the third phase expansion of Nanchang Changbei International Airport and pumped storage, expanded the layout of new infrastructure construction fields such as broadband infrastructure network and 5G construction and operation, and made all-out efforts to support the expansion and strengthening of such advantageous industries as aviation, electronic information, equipment manufacturing, Traditional Chinese Medicine, new materials and new energy. LiaoningLiaoning BOC issued 22 measures in support of the real economy, helped Liaoning alleviate enterprises burdens and develop the economy, and increased credit investment in areas such as advanced manufacturing, technology finance, supply chain finance, key and major projects, in a bid to advance industries to improve quality and efficiency. Integrated development of Yangtze River DeltaIntegrated development of Yangtze River Delta Since signing the Cooperation Agreement on Promoting the Integration of the Yangtze River Delta with the Yangtze River Delta Regional Cooperation Office and releasing the first comprehensive financial service plan for the integration of the Yangtze River Delta in the banking sector, BOC has always taken supporting the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta as the implementation focus of the Group s regional strategy. In this way, the Bank issued RMB1. 4 trillion of new credit throughout the year, fulfilling ahead of schedule its social commitment to increase credit input by RMB1 trillion over five years, demonstrating the Bank s strong support for the development of the real economy and the industrial upgrading in the region. BOC planned to provide intentional financing support of no less than RMB150 billion for infrastructure construction, new urbanization, manufacturing transformation and upgrading, agricultural development and rural revitalization in northern Anhui cities, in a way to contribute its financial strength to narrowing the development gap of the Yangtze River Delta region and promoting common prosperity. Insurance debt financing to boost integrated development of Yangtze River Delta 37 36Supporting High-standard Opening-up As the most globalised and integrated commercial bank in China, BOC has an important mission to facilitate the smooth flow of capital and trade between China and the rest of the world in the high- standard opening-up drive. By the end of 2022, the Bank had established overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions all over the world, including 42 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), making it the Chinese-funded bank with the widest business presence both in the world and along the Belt and Road. Developing Cross-border FinanceDeveloping Cross-border Finance In the face of the complex and severe environment for foreign trade development, BOC in 2022 fully played its role as a major financial service provider for foreign trade and economic development, by taking a series of measures to strengthen the financial supply for stabilising foreign trade and help foreign trade enterprises to maintain stability and improve quality. Domestic institutions of BOC handled a cumulative volume of international settlement business worth USD3. 4 trillion throughout 2022, maintaining year-on-year growth for many consecutive years. The BOC Cross-border Remittance Express product was unveiled to provide contracted customers with second-level automatic crediting services for cross-border inward remittances and domestic inward remittances in foreign currencies. By the end of 2022, the amount of directly credited funds reached nearly USD100 billion. The single-window import and export letter of credit service for international trade was launched to support import and export enterprises in accessing some financial services under their letters of credit online through the single window. The Global Cash Management Platform was continuously optimised as a product lineup to put into operation a number of functions such as the quota management of cash pools for cross-border entities. A pilot programme for RMB and foreign currency-integrated corporate settlement accounts was implemented in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, and Shenzhen, among other places. The inclusive financial solution for small and micro enterprises engaged in foreign trade was released, which brought innovative service modes in eight aspects, that is, orders, support policies, funds, labour, technologies, support services, logistics, and information. Intensifying funding support for foreign trade enterprise of medium, small and micro sizesIntensifying funding support for foreign trade enterprise of medium, small and micro sizes While vigorously promoting the use of RMB for cross-border settlement, BOC strengthened the neutral promotion of exchange rate risks. Through bank-government-guarantee and bank-insurance cooperation, the Bank came up with innovative risk sharing models to help small and micro enterprises hedge against exchange rate risks effectively. activities were organised to support the high-quality development of foreign trade enterprises, directly serving over 33, 000 foreign trade enterprises. BOC provided high-quality services for major exhibitions, helping foreign trade enterprises to march into new markets and expand the scale of imports and exports. Relying on the BOC E-cooperation global enterprise ecosystem, the Bank provided small and medium enterprises with online and offline trade and investment matching services. By the end of 2022, a total of 101 matchmaking events were held within the ecosystem, which provided value-added financial services for more than 50, 000 enterprises from 126 countries and regions around the world. By the end of 2022, the cross-border custodian services of the Bank exceeded RMB600 billion, a figure maintaining the top position in the Chinese industry for many years. Relying on the Online Shipping Connect solution, BOC Ningbo Branch in 2022 helped a local logistics company make an inter-bank payment of sea freight in USD online, the first deal of its kind in the city, and launched the e-voucher business for a shipping agency. A financial worker using the Online Shipping Connect solution 41 40Implementing the BRI with Joint EffortsImplementing the BRI with Joint Efforts Advancing RMB InternationalisationAdvancing RMB Internationalisation In 2022, BOC continued using its full product lineup, wide network of overseas institutions, and numerous correspondent bank channels to provide Chinese enterprises with various types of financial services in the countries and regions along the Belt and Road, and support enterprises in bidding for overseas projects, engaging in contract negotiations, enhancing credit standing, and landing projects successfully. By the end of 2022, the Bank undertook more than 900 credit projects in the countries regions joining the implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), providing them with credit support exceeded USD269 billion in total. Domestic institutions issued letters of guarantee worth USD11. 4 billion for the beneficiaries in such countries regions, which came from 130 countries regions. It has been over a decade since RMB became available for cross-border use in July 2009. As RMB internationalisation went deeper, covered a wider range, and became more convenient, BOC has been deeply involved in the process and played an important role in relevant areas. In 2022, the Group s cross-border RMB settlement volume reached RMB31. 14 trillion1, up 26. 1 over the prior year, among which RMB10. 39 trillion was undertaken by the Bank s domestic institutions, up 23. 61 year on year. BOC launched the Digital Currency Bridge project for cross-border transactions in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong (China), the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Thailand, etc. BOC produced and published the BOC Cross-border RMB Index (CRI), BOC Offshore RMB Index (ORI), the White Paper on RMB Internationalisation, and the new bilingual promotional video for cross-border use of RMB, providing comprehensive and professional information to help global market players understand and use RMB. It completed the first direct exchange of RMB to Argentine Pesos (ARS) and expanded the coverage of home currency settlement between China and Indonesia. By the end of 2022, BOC had 583 CIPS indirect participants, an increase of 76 from the end of the previous year, further expanding the number of countries regions covered by the CIPS global payment network. Spearheaded by the policy of trade and investment facilitation, it steadily expanded the scope of customers participating in the pilot facilitation project, and enhanced the efficiency of fund collection and payment through a number of facilitation products such as the BOC Cross-border Remittance Express and online FX settlement and sale. As a global strategic partner of China International Consumer Products Expo (CICPE), the Bank provided a wide range of services for two consecutive sessions of the event, including exhibitor and investor invitation, financial products, on-site services, and supporting activities. Centenary BOC Exhibition Booth at China International Consumer Products Expo 2022 Customers experience paying a penny via the e-CNY app at BOC s e-CNY exhibition booth BOC releases the results achieved in the Smart Hainan construction drive at China International Consumer Products Expo 2022 43 42Serving Important Exhibitions and ConventionsServing Important Exhibitions and Conventions As a strategic partner, BOC continued to vigorously serve and support a number of major exhibitions in 2022, such as the China International Import Expo, China International Fair for Trade in Services, China International Consumer Products Expo, and China Import and Export Fairs. Fully leveraging its advantages in globalised operation, the Bank assisted these events in exhibitor and investor invitation beforehand and provided comprehensive financial services including trade and investment matchmaking activities in the process, erecting a bridge of financial services for China to give foreign trade and economic cooperation with the rest of the world. On 31 August 2022, the China International Fair for Trade in Services (CIFTS) was inaugurated in China National Convention Centre and Shougang Park, with companies from all over the world getting together. For the second year in a row, BOC served as the exclusive highest-level global partner in the banking industry. Pre-exhibitionPre-exhibition BOC actively participated in and supported the organising committee s various roadshows and investment invitation activities. The Bank held three domestic roadshow activities and three overseas exhibitor invitation activities, with participating customers covering major regions such as Asia Pacific, Europe, and North America. During the exhibitionDuring the exhibition BOC provided all-around support for key events, matchmaking activities, and on-site financial services, among other aspects. The Bank supported the organisation of the Global Entrepreneurs Summit on Trade in Services by the Global Trade in Services Alliance. Meanwhile, it also participated in a number of key events such as the China International Finance Annual Forum, and the Carbon Peaking Economic Dev elopment Forum. Post-exhibitionPost-exhibition BOC strengthened cooperation with the organising committee of the CIFTS and the Global Trade in Services Alliance to provide the enterprises participating in the CIFTS with higher-quality and more efficient financial services through innovation. BOC propelled high-quality development as a strategic partner of China International Fair for Trade in Services The Fifth China International Import Expo (CIIE) took place in Shanghai at a beautiful time when autumn turns into winter. As the sole strategic partner of the CIIE, BOC provided the event with comprehensive financial services for the fifth consecutive year. The Bank hosted trade and investment matchmaking meetings, at which 1, 336 enterprises from 40 countries and regions had 433 rounds of negotiations and reached 338 intentions of cooperation, amounting to over USD6 billion. In collaboration with the International Business Daily of the Ministry of Commerce, China National Seed Association, and other organisations, the Bank held the 2022 Foreign Enterprises ESG and Carbon Peaking & Carbon Neutrality Strategy Summit Forum, the High-end Forum on Development and Cooperation of Seed Industry, and other activities, in an effort to help achieve the dual carbon goal and revitalise the seed industry. Zhou Mengqi, an employee of BOC Shanghai Branch Drawing A Blueprint for Green Development OriginalityBOC serves as a guardian of clear waterBOC serves as a guardian of clear water In 2022, BOC worked to safeguard the clear water and lush mountains with ingenuity. BOC supported the riverfront ecological environment enhancement project in Jiayu County, Xianning City, Hubei Province, helping to create the most beautiful Yangtze River shoreline demonstration site and guarding the mighty flow of the Yangtze River eastward. The report of the 20th National Congress of the CPC pointed out that we must uphold and act on the principle that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets, and we must remember to maintain harmony between humanity and nature when planning our development. BOC earnestly implemented the decisions and plans of the Party Central Committee, effectively deepened its green development strategy, promoted the healthy and rapid development of green financial business, and integrated the green development concept into risk management and its own operations, contributing its strength to the achievement of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goal. In 2022, BOC adhered to the goal of becoming the first choice for green financial services, and continued to improve the green financial governance structure, strengthen the policy system and ESG risk management mechanism to serve the green development by focusing on its main responsibility of providing financial services to the real economy and promoting high-quality development. The Bank continuously enriched its products and services, and worked to achieve high-quality development of green financial products and services by leveraging its advantages in globalised and integrated operation. Upholding the concept of promoting development through innovation and pursuing win-win cooperation, BOC actively participated in global climate governance, strengthened green financial capacity building, and joined hands with all stakeholders to promote ecological harmony. The Bank effectively integrated the green concept into the whole process of its own operation and helped boost the organic unification and coordinated development of economic, environmental and social benefits. By the end of 2022, the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (according to CBIRC standard) was equivalent to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, up 41. 08 year-on-year; A total of RMB87. 7 billion equivalent green bonds were issued at home and abroad in 2022, ranking first in Bloomberg s Global Offshore Green Bonds list of among Chinese banks; RMB453. 9 billion of domestic and overseas green bonds were underwritten, ahead of Chinese enterprises listed on the Global Offshore Green Bond by Bloomberg. From 2019 to 2022, the total energy consumption of the whole Group reduced by 4. 86 and the direct GHG emissions volume decreased by 15. 58. Performance Highlights Total water consumption (m ) Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million) 2021 2022358, 887 322, 614322, 614 2022 2021 3. 96 The data only covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing Total office paper consumption (tons) The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million) 202263. 463. 4 202165. 1877877 2022 2021155 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (tons) 2022 202188. 14 70. 7370. 73 20214, 5394, 539 20222, 815 6. 976. 97 49 48 Optimising the Green Governance Policy BOC gives full play to the organisational management role of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the field of green finance, maintains the three-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and professional teams. The Board of Directors (or its special committee) is responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan as well as the green finance targets set by the Senior Management and the green finance reports submitted by it. At the same time, it also supervises and evaluates the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. The Green Finance Committee is responsible for the overall management and professional decision-making of the Group s green financial work, and is chaired by the bank leader in charge of the risk management department. In 2022, BOC has further improved the personnel appraisal mechanism for green finance, by setting up appraisal targets with the same direction, standard, goal and pressure level for the Head Office departments, domestic branches, overseas branches, and comprehensive operation companies to cover management requirements for many areas such as business development, ESG risk management, and personal performance. Meanwhile, we introduced green finance indicators to the senior management personnel appraisal and linked appraisal results with salary distribution. It also formulated nearly 10 credit policies for green industries such as water governance, hydrogen energy, and wind power generation, providing detailed guidance in terms of customer access criteria and credit granting strategies. On the premise of effective risk prevention, the Bank shall channel resources to the green industries on the Guiding Catalogue for Green Industries. At the same time, the Bank shall optimize the structure of assets allocated to brown industries, promote production capacity replacement, green transition, and technology upgrading, and get resources concentrated in key areas of advanced capacity, low power consumption of output per unit, technology upgrading and transformation, safe, green, intelligent and efficient operation, etc. In terms of social risks, focus shall be put on checking whether the slaughtering process complies with norms for humane slaughters and respects religious and folk customs. Crop seed industry Customers that have triggered severe environmental accidents, face significant environmental and social risks, and fail to comply with quality control, environmental protection, and other policies provisions of the international crop seed industry shall be included in the category of exit customers. Edible vegetable oil processing, grain processing, dairy and other industries The Bank shall decrease and terminate cooperations with customers who have been inspected by authorized departments or exposed by the media as having major malpractices in food safety, operational and environmental protection. Steel and copper industries Support shall be focused on projects in line with capacity replacement, energy consumption reduction, process optimization, intelligent transformation, green transformation, ultra-low emissions, and gradually withdraw from projects with backward technology and equipment, unqualified product, substandard energy consumption and emissions, and backward production capacity. Aluminum rolling and processing industry Support shall not be provided to projects with significant environmental and social risk potential. Electrolytic aluminum industry Customers must use environmentally friendly large pre- baked electrolyzer technology with high efficiency and low consumption, and shall not use equipment and technology prohibited or eliminated by the state. Petroleum refining industry the Bank shall strictly implement the Guiding Opinions of the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Promoting Green Development of the Petrochemical Industry, the Catalogue of Construction Projects with Environmental Impact Assessment Documents Approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment (Version 2019), as well as pollution discharge-related policies and systems. Natural gas industry The environmental impact assessment documents of large-scale natural gas projects that may have a significant impact on the environment shall be approved by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People s Republic of China through prescribed procedures. BOC shall adopt strict management and control measures on new coal mining and coal power projects outside China. Intensifying the Management of ESG Risks of Customers BOC identifies and analyses the transmission paths and impacts of climate risk to its key risks such as credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk, country risk, and IT risk from the perspectives of physical risk and transition risk, taking into account the definition and classification of climate risk by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Network of Central Banks and Regulators for Greening the Financial System (NGFS). Meanwhile, it conducted thematic training for relevant account managers and risk managers across the Bank. Comprehensive operation companies formulated their policies related to ESG risk management, covering investment banking, insurance, funds, leasing, wealth management, and investment, among other business areas. BOC classifies customers into three categories, that is, A, B and C, given many factors such as their potential environmental (climate) and social risks, industries to which they belong, and their stage of development, and labels them in the initiator end of relevant business management system; the Bank conducts regular re-examination of the classification and timely updated in the system in case of unexpected events causing changes in rating. Risk Management ProcessRisk Management Process Risk identificationRisk identification Risk measurementRisk measurement 55 54 Customer ESG assessment system of BOC Fund Climate scenario analysis model Climate scenario analysis model With reference to the NGFS scenario, a top-down approach is adopted to analyse how changes in customers financial data under different climate scenarios could impact the Bank. Test results Test results Customers in the eight carbon-intensive industries see their repayment ability declining to varying extents under the stress scenarios. As a result, credit rating downgrades follow, but risks remain under control overall. The Bank calculates the absolute rates of change in loss caused by the physical risk that Bangladesh would suffer due to typhoons and floods under the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change s (IPCC) high carbon emission scenario (RCP8. 5), to obtain the impact of climate physical risk on the value of collateral. The absolute rate of loss caused by typhoons in Bangladesh would range from 0. 57 -0. 67 over the period 2020-2050. The absolute rate of loss caused by floods in Bangladesh would range from 2. 63 -3. 22 over the period 2020- 2050. Transition riskTransition risk Physical risk Physical risk (Taking BOC Singapore Branch s analysis of Bangladesh s power sector as an example)(Taking BOC Singapore Branch s analysis of Bangladesh s power sector as an example) The Bank adds environmental (climate), social, and corporate governance (ESG) risk-related factors to the relevant modules of its internal rating model, explores running the ESG assessment model on a trial basis, and assesses the ESG risk conditions of customers and their projects as well as the resulting business impacts, thus further building up its ability to manage ESG risks. In order to effectively prevent ESG risks arising from our business, BOC increases its due diligence and credit approval efforts to improve ESG risk prevention and control capabilities. Due diligence on customers projects shall be conducted from the following 13 dimensions Risk assessment and management system Labour and working conditions Pollution prevention and control Biodiversity conservation and sustainable management of natural resources Carbon footprint management Community health and safety Land acquisition and involuntary resettlement Respect for cultures and customs of indigenous peoples and ethnic minorities Cultural heritage protection Explosives and chemicals management ESG risk management along supply chains Organisational framework and operational management Financial management and risk management Approval process shall be terminated for the customers (projects) that don t undergo due diligence on ESG risks. In case of any disagreement, they may ask customer relationship departments to reassess or adjust related results. For the customers (projects) that may have significant impacts on social stability and public interest, they shall conduct adequate assessment of the ESG risks associated with them. As to the customers committing serious violations of laws and regulations and incurring material risks in the ESG field, they shall strictly restrict credits granted to or investment made in them. Due diligenceDue diligence (Customer relationship departments)(Customer relationship departments) Credit approval Credit approval (Business review and approval departments)(Business review and approval departments)Risk assessmentRisk assessment Scenario analysisScenario analysis 56Risk monitoringRisk monitoring Periodic reportsPeriodic reports BOC regularly monitors the risk exposure to the brown industries and its share given the preset portfolio and industry- level indicators, and sends the assessment results to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors through the group-wide risk report. Meanwhile, it incorporates ESG-related content into the scope of internal control and compliance inspections, and carried out regular reviews of green loan data to effectively reduce the greenwashing risk. Risk early warning Risk early warning For customers and projects in industries and areas identified by the national environmental protection and production safety departments as being in violation of laws and regulations, internal risk alerts or risk warnings shall be issued. Risk level Risk level The Bank divides ESG risk events into four levels general, large, severe, and particularly severe according to work safety accidents or sudden environmental events. For the ESG risk events triggered by customers, the relevant entities are required to immediately activate the contingency plan and deal with such events appropriately. Risk response Risk response For a large ESG risk event, the relevant entity shall report the situation to the Head Office within one working day of being informed of the event. For a severe or particularly severe risk event, the relevant entity shall orally report the event to the Head Office within one hour of being informed of the event. Accelerated reporting is allowed in emergency situations. A formal report shall be subsequently presented as required. BOC shall regularly update the group-wide risk reports, comprehensively screens material ESG risk matters, reports relevant findings to the management in a timely manner, and analyses ESG risks. When customers trigger severe ESG risk events, the Bank shall urge the customers concerned to take corresponding risk disposal measures and report the possible consequences of such events in a timely manner. Risk monitoring and reportingRisk monitoring and reporting For industries with high ESG risk, such as steel, cement, electrolytic aluminum and coal chemical, BOC makes it clear that credit approval under specific conditions shall be granted by the Head Office department. The Bank expands authorisation support for green-related industries in the positive growth category, delegates credit approval authority for photovoltaic industries to lower departments, and raises that for some industries such as coking. BOC pays close attention to the impact that its customers cause on the ecosystem in their business activities, strictly complies with the laws, regulations, and rules on the protection of biodiversity, and prohibits the provision of credit support for acts that seriously damage biodiversity. For controversial projects, after making sure their compliance with the laws and regulations in the countries regions where they are located, the Bank will extensively solicit the suggestions of professional assessment agencies, residents, media, and non-profit environmental protection organisations, among other stakeholders, prudently assess the environmental and social risks and nail down credit strategies, and urge related enterprises to establish ecological protection compensation mechanisms and consciously undertake ecological protection and restoration obligations. BOC incorporates clear biodiversity protection requirements into the credit policy of key industries such as wind power generation, pumped storage and coal, as part of its efforts to safeguard the boundary of natural ecological protection as well as the national ecological safety. Moreover, BOC follows the one-ballot veto rule for environmental protection. For the enterprises projects that are found to go against national policies and regulatory requirements, fail to meet environmental protection standards, and have significant environmental and climate risks; destroy critical habitats, important biodiversity areas and national nature reserves; illegally log, fish and poach wildlife; blindly expand oil palm plantations leading to deforestation; and illegally occupy and destroy forest lands, the Bank requires not providing credit or investment support for these corporate customers or their projects; as to the existing business relations, it shall urge related customers to make rectifications and take effective measures to mitigate risks; and if rectifications are impossible, it shall exit from the business relations with such customers as soon as possible. BOC actively supports the customers and projects that meet biodiversity requirements and obtain international forestry sustainability certification; lists no illegal logging of natural forests, damage to biodiversity, poaching of wildlife, etc. as one of the customer access criteria; reviews the environmental assessments of forestry projects; pays great attention to the environmental and social transition risks and reputational risks of forestry projects, supports forestry projects that have passed FSC PEFC CFCC certification, and does not support the plantation forests that are built at the expense of illegal logging of natural forests, and indicates that the state-certified voluntary emission reductions in the category of forestry carbon sinks that meet the criteria can be included in the scope of collateral and pledge. By the end of 2022, BOC s green credit balance in the Chinese mainland (by the CBIRC standard) equated to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, a year-on- year increase of 41. 08, with a non-performing ratio of less than 0. 5. Relying on its One Mainstay, Two Engines strategy, BOC propels the Chinese society toward low- carbon transition and ecological progress through financial strength. Green credits grew fastGreen credits grew fast BOC Green Financial Product and Service Supermarket BOC supports enterprises with green nance BOC helps retail customers live a green and low-carbon life BOC actively responds to investors green demandsBOC helps customers manage green liquidity and green assets BOC helps keep customers on course with diversi ed green nancial servicesGreen xed asset loans Green project upfront loan Green loans and sustainability-linked loans meeting international standards CEA-backed nancing Green interests-backed loan Renewables subsidy-backed loanGreen M&A loan Green inclusive special creditGreen credit for rural banking Green factoring Green bond investment Green deposit Green enterpeise cash management Green corporate stock underwriting Green equity investment Green industry risks insurance Personal green mortgage loanGreen nancial advisory service Green custodyGreen Blue bond issua nce Sustainability re-linked bond issuanceGreen indicesCarbon market settlement BOC E-commerce Personal green business loanPersonal green credit card installment plan for new energy vehiclesPersonal green and low- carbon themed credit cardCarbon trade margin custodyGreen environmental pollution risk InsuranceGreen transport insuranceGreen finance leasing Energy-efficeint aircraft leasingGreen bond underwriting Green ABSESG Fund Green Fund Green themed wealth management products Green loans Green inclusive nance Green trade nance Green bond investment Green liquidity management Green asset management Green bond underwriting Green stock underwriting Green equity investment Green leasing Green insurance Green carbon market Green advisory Green bond issuance Green custody Green capital market sales Green consumer credit Green personal business loan BOC Green Financial Product and Service Supermarket IssuanceIssuance UnderwritingUnderwriting InvestmentInvestment BOC vigorously develops green bond business. It provides a new engine for China s green, low-carbon development by issuing, underwriting and investing in green bonds. Throughout the year, the Bank issued RMB73. 511 billion loans in carbon emission reduction and RMB16. 361 billion loans for clean and efficient utilisation of coal. Since the establishment of the two relending tools, the total amount of loans granted through the tools was RMB78. 009 billion. The BOC Smart Chain - Green Chain brand was launched, covering various services such as carbon emission reduction bill rediscounting and settlements of the carbon emission quota and the CCER trading volume, while promoting more active and effective carbon reduction actions by core enterprises in cooperation with their upstream and downstream partners along the industry chain. BOC Beijing Branch followed the principle of biodiversity conservation and supported the green building construction and ecological environment protection restoration project in the Yanqing Area of Beijing Winter Olympic Games as the leading bank in syndicated loans. Green initiatives - Green credits The BOC Smart Chain - Green Chain brand Green bonds continued to lead the marketGreen bonds continued to lead the market A total of RMB87. 7 billion equivalent green bonds were issued overseas in 2022, ranking first among Chinese green bond issuers. The Bank helped various institutions issue bonds. The amount of domestic and overseas green bonds underwritten in 2022 reached RMB259. 529 million and USD28, 985 million respectively, ranking first among Chinese institutions on Bloomberg s ranking of the world s offshore green bonds. While continuously and vigorously promoting green bond investments in its RMB portfolio, the Bank ensured the quality and efficiency of green bond investments through meticulous pre-investment preparation, strict in-process risk control, and continuous post-investment monitoring, ranking first on NAFMII s list of investors with green bonds in 2022. 61 60 BOC s green bonds under the Common Ground Taxonomy (Updated Version) win IFF s Global Green Finance Award - Innovation Award Green initiatives - Green bonds The Bank issued the first US dollar-denominated biodiversity-themed green bond for global financial institutions in Europe. The Bank issued the world s first green bond based on the Common Ground Taxonomy (updated version). The Bank, as a joint lead underwriter, helped China International Marine Container (Group) Co., Ltd. issued the first blue bond in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Interbank Market. As a joint lead underwriter, the Bank represented Huaneng Lancang River Hydropower Inc. to issue China s first Sustainability-linked Rural Revitalisation-themed Carbon Neutral green perpetual medium-term note in the interbank market, with the proceeds earmarked for the Yangtze River protection, clean energy, and green projects with significant carbon emission reduction benefits, and other projects significantly effective in carbon emission reduction. As the lead underwriter and bookrunner, the Bank assisted the Hungariangovernmentin successfully issuing RMB2 billion of green sovereign Panda bonds. It is the first green bond issued by a foreign sovereign issuer in China since the official release of the China Green Bond Principles. Green personal business continued to growGreen personal business continued to grow Selling ESG-themed wealth management products by proxySelling ESG-themed wealth management products by proxyRolling out installment programmes for new energy vehiclesRolling out installment programmes for new energy vehicles Since 2021, the Bank launched a string of ESG-themed investment products in various types such as fixed income, fixed income enhanced, hybrid, and holding period. By the end of 2022, it sold 217 ESG-themed investment products to customers by proxy, with an outstanding volume of over RMB40 billion. BOC reached cooperation with mainstream new energy vehicle (NEV) brands in the market to drive green consumption by giving service charge discounts. The Bank joined hands with key NEV manufacturers to carry out various promotional activities such as test drives. A series of online promotional activities such as BOC Sharing Car Green Travel was introduced to create a special brand of NEV installment services. Green initiatives - Globalisation BOC Singapore Branch participated as the lead bank in the sustainability-linked syndicated loan for Lendlease Global Commercial REIT, which is the largest sustainability-linked loan in the Asian REIT market. BOC Sydney Branch launched the multi-currency green deposit scheme (including RMB) that could comply with the Common Ground Taxonomy, a joint initiative of China and the European Union, and participated in the largest ESG-linked loan project financing in Asia Pacific. It was the first project in the region to convert a thermal water desalination plant into a greenfield reverse osmosis facility. BOC actively supports green and low-carbon industries worldwide, leveraging its superior financial services and businesses to promote sustainable development in places where it operates. The credit card is a digital card that identifies green and low-carbon transactions using the personal consumption behaviour data in UnionPay s transaction system. BOC Shanghai Branch upgraded its Green Account Debit Card to Green, Low-carbon Card, creating the industry s first debit card in the waste sorting low carbon concept, which would also support the functions of the government s green account platform. BOC Qinghai Branch innovated and launched personal green accounts, built an account equity framework, and promoted the concept of low-carbon and environmentally friendly lifestyle, in a way to continuously store and add value to the ecological protection endeavor of Qinghai. By the end of 2022, the total number of customers applied for green, low-carbon debit cards reached 1, 156 thousand across the Bank. By the end of 2022, BOC Insurance developed a total of 85 green insurance products, assuming insurance liabilities of RMB165. 6 billion. As at the end of 2022, the investment balance of BOC Asset Investment in green industries stood at RMB28, 599 million, accounting for over 38. 23 of its investment portfolio. BOCG Investment invested 4 green projects in 2022, with the amount of HKD3. 3 billion. BOCIM developed 17 green and ESG mutual fund products under the three categories of low-carbon and green development concept funds, social responsibility funds and ESG concept themed funds, achieving a scale of RMB16. 0 billion. BOCHK cooperated with S&P Dow Jones Indices and launched the first climate transition index covering listed companies in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Focused on the requirements of national strategies for economic restructuring and industrial development, BOC gives full play to its advantages in integrated operation and uses various financial instruments such as equity, bond, investment, funds and asset management to provide green industries with a variety of financial services. The Pilot Program of UK-China The Pilot Program of UK-China Climate and Environmental Climate and Environmental Information DisclosureInformation Disclosure Conducting disclosure and in- group communication as required by the pilot program. ISO TC322ISO TC322 Participating in the development of ISO standards related to sustainable finance. To date, the Bank has signed or participated in more than 10 green and ESG-related initiatives and organisations, contributing its wisdom and solutions to climate change response. President Liu Jin attended via video link the 19th IFF Annual Conference and delivered a keynote speech on Promoting Development of and Cooperation on Green Finance. Collaboration and CommunicationCollaboration and Communication 65 64 BOC keeps building green finance teams with intensified efforts, draws on advanced experiences at home and abroad to train professionals in green finance, and carries out a series of research on green finance to increase the comprehension of green finance-related issues, thus getting intellectually ready for green development. In 2022, BOC released the Green Action Initiative for Employees of Bank of China and the Green Action guidelines of Bank of China to fully implement the green development philosophy, and help achieve the goals of peaking carbon emission and carbon neutrality. In addition, BOC has been actively involved in the communities in which it operates, taking the initiative to participate in public benefit activities such as reforestation and animal protection, which are closely related to making ecological progress. Activities was carried out, which included the training on green finance for the Board of Directors, the green finance day for all employees, and the training course on introducing green finance policies and products. Innovation competitions, labour competitions, business competitions, award-winner selections, and other forms of activities were held, so that employees could build up their abilities and skills with respect to green finance through continuous learning and training. A number of staff members of BOC London Branch and Paris Branch received the Green and Sustainable Finance Certificate by the Chartered Banker Institute (CBI). Branches institutions in London, New York, Paris, Sydney, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, and other places at home and abroad created publications on green finance, ESG, and other themes to communicate and exchange views on the latest industry developments. In the process, the Bank gradually changed from a participant in green finance to a standard formulator. Green initiatives - Awareness enhancement The Head Office launched resource-saving initiatives by pasting energy-saving posters at the entrance of the cafeteria and other venues, and putting up water-saving slogans in restrooms, pantries, and other areas. In 2022, the office areas of the Head Office were awarded three stars in the Model Units in Promoting Green Office Activities organised by the Beijing Social Enterprise Quality Association, Beijing Society of Energy, and Beijing Society for Environmental Science. BOC Qinghai Branch actively explored new measures to facilitate environmental protection and ecological management. BOC (Malaysia) procured eco-friendly reusable lunch boxes for its staff, as a move to advocate a low- carbon and healthy lifestyle. BOC (Malaysia) staff takes part in a beach cleanup organised by the China Enterprises Chamber of Commerce in Malaysia BOC actively organised and participated in a wide array of green ESG-related exchange events to express its professional views and insights on green finance at various important activities and share opportunities presented by green finance with the world, which included COP27, the Part Two of the 15th Meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (COP15), the APEC Business Advisory Council (ABAC), the Asia-Pacific Financial Forum Sustainable Financial Development Network (SFDN) Roundtable, and the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2022. 67 66 1 BOC Wealth Management made its operations carbon neutral in 2021, and had an independent assurance report issued by a relevant agency. BOC Aviation became 100 carbon neutral in direct emissions (including emissions from employees air travel) in 2021. Promoting Low-carbon and Eco-friendly Operations BOC pays close attention to and monitors the energy and other resources consumed in its own operations, implements the Action Plan of Bank of China to achieve the Carbon Peaking and Neutrality Goal, and incorporates green concepts into all aspects of its daily operations. Green outletsGreen outlets The Green Outlets Building Specifications of Bank of China (Trial) was formulated to set out requirements for building green outlets in terms of site selection, interior environment, decoration, resource use, etc. green finance outlets were established. Green servicesGreen services Green lobbies were created, where smart LED screens were installed to support the unified release of publicity information in outlets and intelligent display. Green officeGreen office Offices went paperless by making full use of teleconferencing and videoconferencing systems to reduce conference travel emissions. A total of 3, 258 video conferences were held by the Head Office and facilities in Beijing throughout the year. Energy efficient renovation was made to major buildings of the Bank such as the Head Office Building, BOCHK, London Branch, Shanghai Branch, and Suzhou Branch. Boc Wealth Management, BOC Aviation Leasing, and other comprehensive operation companies continued green operations after achieving operationa carbon neutrality1 in 2021. BOCI developed a low-carbon action plan along with corresponding emission reduction pathways and measures. BOC Shenzhen Branch formulated a carbon neutral programme and three-year action plan. Green procurementGreen procurement Suppliers are inspected in terms of commitment to environmental protection, environmental equipment and measures, etc., and inspection results are considered in the evaluation process. The Green Procurement label is required in centralised procurement projects. Green data centresGreen data centres To implement the requirements put forth in the national campaign of channeling computing resources from the east to the west and the requirements for building green data centres, BOC fully considered green and energy-saving measures in constructing new data centres in in Inner Mongolia and Hefei. In March 2022, the BOC Hefei Cloud Computing Base project was rated one of the 2021 National Green Data Centres by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce, the National Government Offices Administration, CBIRC and the National Energy Administration. BOC strengthens energy conservation and consumption reduction management to reduce energy losses and improve energy efficiency in office activities, which involves water, electricity, paper, and oil. In 2022, the Bank consumed 13. 5356 million cubic meters of water and 12, 100 tons of office paper, generated 45, 700 tons of waste. Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong has achieved Final Platinum rating under BEAM Plus EB V2. 0 Comprehensive Scheme Green Winter Olympic GamesGreen Winter Olympic Games As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. The Winter Olympics green outlets were built as LEED-certified green buildings. Being the Guardian of Good Living SincerityEvery trivial related to people s wellbeing must be taken carefullyEvery trivial related to people s wellbeing must be taken carefully In 2022, BOC endeavored to safeguard people s good life with sincerity and care. The emergence as the only official banking partner of both the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games embodied the continuation of the dream of BOC. On the snowy white track, the youngsters were skiing to the distance with glowing energy. Remaining committed to the mission of bridging China and the World for the Common Good, BOC firmly observed the task of providing finance services for the people s good and took people s satisfaction as an important work objective, in a way to bring more beauty and convenience to the people and meet people s expectation of a better life through financial innovation. In 2022, focusing on the housing, retirement, education and other issues that are in people s concern with heart and soul, BOC continuously enriched the supply of financial products, adhered to the customer-centric business management philosophy, and devoted itself to providing consumers with more heartfelt and convenient financial services and experience. Adhering to the talent-driven development and the strategy of strengthening the bank with talents, the Bank vigorously strengthened the team building of high-caliber personnels, stimulated the vitality of employees, advanced the cultivation and development of talents by promoting their professional qualifications, provided resources for the growth of employees, so as to enable all bank employees to embrace the opportunity of pursuing self-development. On the basis of actively devoting to the public charity, BOC drove and supported willing and capable enterprises, social organizations and individuals to engage in public charity, pooling the power of charity to build a happy and beautiful society. By the end of 2022, the number of monthly active customers of personal mobile banking reached 76. 2 million; a total of 8, 515 portable smart counters were put in place, and government services were introduced to smart counters in 5, 300 outlets in total. In 2022, all complaints were handled, and the satisfaction rate of individual customers was 90. 9, an increase of 0. 6 percentage points compared with the previous year; the BOC Philanthropy platform enrolled 117 social organizations, with a total of 221 charitable fundraising activities launched and published, raising a total of RMB44, 789, 000 and 682, 600 donations; and provided more than RMB79 million anti-poverty grant funding to the four counties in Xianyang, and purchased and sold RMB187 million of agricultural products in poverty-stricken areas nationwide, as part of its efforts to strongly support local social and economic development. Performance Highlights Coverage of county-level institutions ( ) Balance of loans granted to poverty- stricken areas (RMB100 million) 2020 2021 2022 3, 028. 88 3, 608. 76 Number of ethnic minority employees (persons) Number of customers in mobile banking (in 10, 000) Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)Number of people receiving financial education (in 10, 000) 2020 9, 997 56, 29573, 744 2021 2022 2020 13, 073 2021 13, 260 202213, 4872020 2021 2022 62. 07 62. 5263. 13 2020 2021 2022 21, 055 23, 51825, 4414, 122. 754, 122. 75 2020 2021 2022 40. 63 43. 5544. 12 73 72 Committed to developing finance for the people, BOC keeps innovating financial products and services, takes more initiatives to benefit the people, and prioritises solving the issues of the greatest concern to the people. In other words, the Bank leverages its financial strength to help the people improve the quality of life, meet their growing needs for a better life, and march towards common prosperity. By the end of 2022, the pension funds under the custody of BOC reached RMB170, 243 million; the individual enterprise annuity accounts under the management of BOC numbered 3, 898, 700; and the working capital under pension custody was RMB906, 602 million. Throughout the year, BOCIM issued one more new target-date pension fund, and managed five pension target funds totaling RMB396 million. By the end of 2022, BOC University for the Elderly provided about 480 online courses, and generated over 2 million visits. Education for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual lifeEducation for older people was provided to help enrich the spiritual life Grey-hair Map (Version 2. 0) was introduced, which was home to more types of institutions, covering nursing homes, offline universities for the elderly, medical institutions, community cafeterias, featured merchants, and featured outlets, to provide 15-minute door-to-door services. By the end of 2022, 2, 715 institutions of all types became operational, which came from 30 provinces and municipalities. Quality partners were introduced to offer a variety of services such as video medical consultation, online purchase of medicine, family doctor, home care, pension planning, and investor education. By the end of 2022, the silver economy zone accumulated 107. 42 million visits and 4. 66 million users. A special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly servicesA special elderly zone was created to increase the accessibility of elderly services BOC Pension Cards for silver-haired people and their children Access to HousingAccess to Housing Always adhering to the principle that housing is for living in and not for speculation, BOC has earnestly implemented the requirements of national policies, fully supported the efforts to ensure the delivery of housing projects, people s livelihood, and stability, and taken multiple measures to promote the stable and healthy development of the real estate market. The Bank signed the Head Office-to-Headquarters Strategic Cooperation Agreements with more than ten real estate enterprises, including Vanke Group and Longfor, to deepen all-round cooperation in key business areas such as real estate development loans, M&A loans, bond underwriting and investment, personal housing loans, and letters of guarantee, with a view to fully meeting the reasonable financing needs of real estate enterprises. M&A financing and other financial means were used to buy time for some real estate enterprises with temporary liquidity difficulties, and close attention was paid to the special financing for ensuring the delivery of housing projects, in a bid to help resolve risks in the real estate industry. BOC formulated special measures to provide corporate credit support for the whole chain of government- subsidised rental housing projects, which consisted of construction, acquisition, renovation, and decoration, as well as the daily operation of rental housing enterprises. It launched the International High Schools in China database on the studying abroad channel of the BOC Cross-border GO app, providing comprehensive, objective, and convenient information for persons planning to study abroad at the undergraduate level. BOC joined hands with the Ministry of Education of the People s Republic of China to carry out a massive online job fair for the third consecutive year. By the end of 2022, a total of nearly 520, 000 jobs were provided in total, of which 310, 000 were offered in 2022. These videos were played for over 8. 5 million times by the end of 2022. ParentsParents BOC upgraded the Campus Pass service to support e-CNY transactions. By the end of 2022, it cooperated with 96 universities on the service. BOC improved the information service platforms in the education industry, brought education and training funds under whole-process online supervision, and got the BOC Intelligent Management System connected with the Ministry of Education s National Comprehensive Service Platform for Out-of-School Tutoring Supervision, to serve the implementation of the national policy for easing the burden of excessive homework and off-campus tutoring for students undergoing compulsory education. BOC and the Ministry of Education jointly launched an action plan for supporting development of vocational education, according to which the two would give in-depth cooperation in nine areas, including campus construction of vocational colleges, IT adoption of vocational colleges, personnel training for modern manufacturing, and national skills competitions for vocational colleges, with a view to promoting the high- quality development of vocational education in China. BOC and the Ministry of Education jointly launched the Future of Smart Education training programme for 10, 000 primary and secondary school principals and heads of education authorities. By the end of 2022, on- site training was provided in 26 places of 13 provinces and municipalities across China, with an attendance of more than 1, 300. Schools and education authoritiesSchools and education authorities Student loans helped young people to pursue their dreams BOC Sichuan Branch launches the Alipay-Life e-CNY online tuition and fee payment scenario at Xihua University BOC Suzhou Branch and Suzhou Institute of Industrial Technology co-launch the first e-CNY campus card hardware wallet for universities in China BOC undertakes national student loans In 2022, while implementing the policy for interest exemption and deferred repayment of national student loans, BOC took into account the migration of graduates and other changes to launch the BOC Student Loan Assistant applet, which allowed students to conveniently apply for deferred repayment of their national student loans over their mobile phone. As one of the first commercial banks to undertake national student loans, BOC has been implementing the national student loan policy with quality and efficient financial services for 23 consecutive years since 1999. By the end of 2022, it disbursed RMB25, 746 million in loans to help more than 1. 8 million economically disadvantaged students complete their studies, contributing to the buoyant development of national education. Convenient Health Insurance ServicesConvenient Health Insurance Services Advocating Healthy LifestylesAdvocating Healthy Lifestyles BOC actively promoted the concept of building China into a beautiful country and a country strong on sports and released the Action Plan of Bank of China for Supporting Sports Development in 2022, thus opening a new chapter of financial support for sports development; the Bank fully supported the establishment of government sports public service platform and promoted the innovative integration of sports finance; the Bank carried out fitness campaign nationwide to promote the high-quality development of the sports industry, worked to build a strong country on sports, and promoted the sharing of healthy lifestyle. BOC builds convenient health insurance service stations BOC intelligent sports service system included sub-systems for sports event management, sports association services, sports welfare consumption and ERP of sports venues, which widely met the core needs of sports authorities and associations at all levels and were implemented in many provinces and cities across China. Financial servicesFinancial services the Bank created several zones for special products such as the credit cards themed with Winter Olympics, the Great Wall Boundless Sports Cards, and the Great Wall Ice and Snow Debit Cards to realize the overlay of basic product benefits and exclusive offers in the zones, so as to enrich customer experience. Non-financial servicesNon-financial services the Bank added venues booking services for table tennis, swimming and other sports under its national fitness campaign, and launched the equipment center to f acilitate customers for the purchasing of sports equipment. Echoing with sports day such as the International Olympic Day and National Fitness Day, the Bank launched a series of national fitness activities to bring the public both inter esting and professional sports and fitness experience. In 2022, a total of 150 activities themed with ice and snow spor ts and national fitness were carried out, registering participation of more than 11, 768, 000 people. By the end of 2022, 26. 69 million mobile banking users of the Bank were authorised medical insurance e-card holders. The Family Consumption Reserve Fund, BOC E-instalment, and other branded services were promoted to meet the diversified consumption needs of the public through the collateral-free and unsecured reserve funds. com, Meituan, and other mainstream payment institutions who would bind their bank cards to their platform accounts, and giving discounts along with platforms and brands such as Tmall, Hema, Sinopec, and Heytea. In 2022, BOC launched an open e-CNY ecosystem, which was built and shared by all sectors of society, such as customers, banks, and third parties. In Hainan, BOC fully exploited the zero-fee advantage of e-CNY to build up the electronic payment and collection capacity for business districts and merchants. Discounts and reduced exempted collection fees were offered to help merchants increase their business income. Meanwhile, the Bank actively participated in Have Fun in Hainan, the first government- sponsored duty-free shopping festival, as well as the e-CNY discount marketing campaigns sponsored by Wenchang, Tunchang, and Qiongzhong governments. The inclusive and secure e-CNY was used to facilitate people s spending. Since the Master Construction Plan for Venues and Support Infrastructure for the Olympic and Paralympic Games Beijing 2022 was published in 2018, BOC have increased loans for the construction of major venues, infrastructure and support facilities for the Winter Olympics, which provided firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. The Bank customized comprehensive financing plans for several venues including National Speed Skating Oval, Big Air Shougang and National Alpine Skiing Centre, provided loans to support the construction of Beijing section of Yanqing- Chongli Expressway, Beijing-Zhangjiakou Intercity Railway and Chongli branch railway, and provided funds for utilities projects for China National Convention Centre Phase II related to the Winter Olympics, which gave firm support for the implementation and advancement of related projects. By the end of 2022, a total of more than RMB30 billion was granted to high-quality ice and snow projects in more than ten provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, including Beijing, Hebei, Jilin, Heilongjiang and Xinjiang, to promote the construction and renewal of ice and snow stadiums and sports facilities. BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. At the same time, BOC launched a pilot project for e-CNY in Winter Olympics-related scenarios, with digital RMB transactions volume accounting for approximately 45 of the total, which meets the mobile payment needs of domestic and foreign personnels in the Winter Olympics scenario and enhancing the customer payment experience. During the Winter (Paralympic) Games, the Bank s Winter Olympic outlets received a total of 8, 687 institutional and individual customers, processed 500, 000 transactions, and provided foreign language consulting services 307 times through 95566 human customer service hotline. Meanwhile, we opened a foreign currency green channel, according to which overseas individuals, by presenting their Accreditation Card for the Winter Olympics, can exchange foreign currencies rapidly and expediently at our outlets in the three zones, and can enjoy small-sum foreign currency exchange services through self-service exchange machines or hotel-based foreign currency exchange points on a 24-hour basis. Under the guidance of the PBOC, we acted as the sole provider of e-CNY services piloted in the area of the Winter Olympics, providing whole-process services of exchanging, top-up, use and redemption of software and hardware wallets in BOC outlets, contracted hotels and other sites within the area. The Winter lympics- themed hardware wallet (Ice Chip. Snow Band) was the first e-CNY hardware wallet in China. Meanwhile, POS terminals accepting e-CNY were applied in merchants, contracted hotels, designated hospitals at various venues of the Winter Olympics. Clients can make payments through the Scan or Touch functions. We fulfilled the commitments made as a partner of the Winter Olympics, provided services for the Games in Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish and Arabic languages, and further upgraded functions of telephone banking, audio guide and customer service platform to provide specialised, efficient and highquality services to improve the event participants financial service experience. Comprehensive financial servicesComprehensive financial services E-CNY servicesE-CNY services Online customer services during Winter OlympicsOnline customer services during Winter Olympics 83 82 Olympic and Winter Olympic athletes gather at the event on-site of Centenary BOC witnessing glory - Dual Olympic Bank We promote the popularization of winter sports, help more people fulfill their dreams of participating in winter sports, and inspire the general public to contribute to the development of the ice and snow sports industry. Promoting ice and snow sports developmentPromoting ice and snow sports development We launched a series of ski pass, enabling customers to access several top ski resorts in Chongli, Beijing, Jilin and other major skiing areas. This allows skiers to have more skiing options and brings them better and diversified skiing experience. We launched a one-stop winter sports zone to support smart Winter Olympics with FinTech, which covered over 100 ice and snow rinks in China and abroad. We also launched a series of Winter Olympics-related products including ski pass and precious metal products to create a brand featuring ice and snow outdoor services. We held a variety of activities themed with ice and snow such as Centenary BOC witnessing glory - Dual Olympic Bank, Welcome the 20th National Congress, promoting the popularization of ice and snow sports, and organised Bank of China VISA Credit Card Cup Super FixedPoint Skiing Open and National College Curling League etc. We organised Bank of China National Youth Winter Camp in Tongchuan of Shaanxi, Liupanshui of Guizhou and Dujiangyan of Sichuan, enabling about 2, 000 students nationwide to experience ice and snow sports, have a deep understanding of the Winter Olympics culture, have fun in winter sports, and arouse their enthusiasm for winter sports. Launching ski pass products in an innovative wayLaunching ski pass products in an innovative way Winter sports zone of mobile banking Winter sports zone of mobile banking Organising colourful events themed on ice and snow sportsOrganising colourful events themed on ice and snow sports 85 84 Improving the Customer ExperienceImproving the Customer Experience More considerate servicesMore considerate services BOC has taken the initiative to reduce fees and forgo profits. From February 1, 2022, the Bank abolished the annual fees for personal debit cards and the RMB management fees for small-amount personal demand deposit accounts. A total of 800 products were covered to effectively reduce transaction costs of customers. At the same time, BOC provided featured services for different customer groups, making financial services more inclusive and attentive. Pursuing a customer-centric approach, BOC quickens up its transition to digitalised operation, continuously improves customer experiences, safeguards customers legitimate rights and interests, and raises basic financial literacy among the public. In summary, it strives to be the most caring financial advisor for customers. Customers in counties and rural areasCustomers in counties and rural areas The debit cards themed with new urban residents, new card was launched on a pilot basis; a simple account opening service was unveiled for flexibly employed people. New Card was introduced as a new citizen-themed debit card. New citizens as a customer groupNew citizens as a customer group The elderly version of mobile banking was launched, which supports large-font display for frequently- used functions and on-screen reading for key functions to meet the needs of visually impaired users. Closed cash counters are brought back to outlets to effectively take into account the needs of some elderly customers and other groups for manual counter services. All outlets are equipped with seats and presbyopic glasses, and provided wheelchair accessible passages or alternative services to ensure smooth access to outlets for customers with reduced mobility, such as the elderly and people with disabilities. Vulnerable groupsVulnerable groups The Uyghur version of mobile banking was launched to display frequently used functions such as account view and transfer & remittance in Uyghur, a move aiming to improve the accessibility of financial services in ethnic minority areas. Customers in ethnic minority areasCustomers in ethnic minority areas Elderly customers reading in a space for older people partitioned by BOC Hubei Branch New urban residents enjoy more flexible, convenient and inclusive consumer loans through BOC consumer finance BOC Suzhou Branch sets up a community activity experience centre, a smart senior care technology centre, and an age-friendly retrofitting demonstration centre at Jinchang Senior Care Service Demonstration Site cum the Financial Pioneer Party-mass Service Centre 87 86 The BOC Smart Investment, asset diagnosis service, could render customers with professional and intelligent asset allocation advice. It served 4. 69 million customers in 2022. Relying on the Online Wealth Account platform, BOC intensified investor education and guided customer services. By the end of 2022, 31 financial institutions, including funds, insur ers, bond brokers, and wealth management subsidiaries, joined the platform, posting 10, 971 articles and getting 550, 000 subscribers. BOC improved the standardised service process for financial managers, implemented a code of conduct for financial managers, and ensured that financial managers could provide compliant and professional services while enhancing the customer service experience. The BOC Wealth Management Assistant app was upgraded to create a mobile phone-based customer relationship management system, with a view to building up remote customer service capabilities. As employees were close to the market and customers, BOC selected branch employees to form a team of customer experience specialists, made dynamic adjustments to team members, and helped them sharpen business skills through online qualification certification, business competence assessment, and exchange training programmes. More professional and considerate servicesMore professional and considerate services More intelligent and convenient servicesMore intelligent and convenient services BOC relied on smart operations to advance outlet transformation, provided digital services through mobile banking, and promoted digital outlet management platform. It better conducted outlet management and service through intelligent and digital technologies. In 2022, BOC launched mobile banking version 8. 0, optimised the processes of such functions as management of security tools and online customer service, and created the Payroll Manager function to provide comprehensive wealth management solutions for payroll customers. At the same time, the New Citizen Service Zone was put into services, and the Beautiful Village version of mobile banking was introduced to enrich non-financial scenarios ecosystem and foster a better life service platform closely related to people s livelihood. By the end of 2022, personal mobile banking had over 76. 20 million monthly active customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 7. 26. Mobile banking making a better life within reachProfessional asset allocation servicesProfessional asset allocation services Enhancing the professionalism of financial managersEnhancing the professionalism of financial managers Building a contingent of customer experience specialistsBuilding a contingent of customer experience specialists In 2022, BOC deepened the offline intelligent service ecosystem and promoted the portable smart counters to enhance customer experience with convenient and fast financial services. By the end of 2022, BOC had installed 8, 515 portable smart counters, representing a year-on-year increase of 53. 8. Government affairs services were introduced to smart counters at 5, 300 outlets. Smart counter services covered 60 categories and 305 sub-categories. The card replacement and claiming scenario was launched, so that customers who needed to replace bank cards in bulk claimed and activated their cards quickly. The scope of availability for no-card services at smart counters was expanded, so that Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and foreign customers could scan the QR code for identity authentication through mobile banking, providing customers with a convenient card-free and contactless service experience. The integrated online platform for government affairs services were provided over 4, 612 smart counters at 2, 178 outlets in the Yangtze River Delta. Smart counters for more convenient services 89 88 Protecting Rights and Interests of CustomersProtecting Rights and Interests of Customers BOC attaches great importance to the protection of the rights and interests of financial consumers, always puts the rights and interests of financial consumers in the first place, and incorporates consumer protection into its corporate governance, corporate culture building, and business development strategy. Organisational structureOrganisational structure Institutional developmentInstitutional developmentResource availabilityResource availability The Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee, an arm of the Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing the Bank s consumer protection strategies, policies, objectives, etc., making recommendations to the Board of Directors, and supervising and evaluating the work done in relation to consumer protection. The Consumer Protection Committee, an arm of the Executive Committee, is responsible for coordinating the planning, supervision, and guidance with respect to consumer protection. The Consumer Protection Office, which is a dedicated department for consumer protection, is responsible for implementing the resolutions reached and work requirements put forth by the two committees and leading institutions at all levels to take various consumer protection initiatives. A series of rules and documents on consumer protection, operational policy, performance appraisal, consumer protection review, marketing and publicity, information disclosure, information protection, complaint management, awareness enhancement, and emergency response management was formulated to come up with refined requirements for consumer protection and improve the consumer protection system continuously. The staffing for consumer protection was increased. The establishment of a pool of consumer protection personnel, regular on-the-job training, and other methods were used to turn out consumer protection professionals, while more resources were input. Performance appraisalPerformance appraisal An internal appraisal system for consumer protection was established, to assign weights reasonably, incorporated the internal assessment results into the comprehensive performance appraisal system, human resource management system and accountability system, and gave full play to incentives and constraints. Employee trainingEmployee training Training on consumer protection is conducted on a regular basis, which covers related laws, regulations, and policies, regulatory requirements, and internal documents and deals with a wide range of areas such as complaints management, consumer protection review, information disclosure, marketing campaigns, information protection for personal customers, and awareness enhancement. Training audience consists of middle and senior management, primary-level business personnel, and new employees. The purpose of training is to enhance staff awareness of and capability for consumer protection and to get related work done better. In 2022, consumer protection training courses recorded a total attendance of over 670, 000. A collection of methods such as regular briefings on typical cases, risk alerts and all-employee participation in special tests was used to effectively enhance employees awareness of and capability for information protection compliance. Consumer protection reviewConsumer protection review BOC released the Measures for Managing Consumer Protection of Bank of China Limited and refined the Key Points for Approval of Consumer Protection Appraisal, setting out the reviewed entities, the scope of review, key points of review, and review process, stipulating that in the processes of product service design and development, pricing management, and agreement formulation, aspects of content that may affect consumers shall be assessed and reviewed, which included products and services, rules and policies, agreement texts, pricing standards, and marketing campaigns, and incorporating consumer protection reviews into the risk management and internal control framework. Account managementAccount management Model developmentModel development Police-bank joint actionPolice-bank joint action Security measuresSecurity measures Awareness enhancementAwareness enhancement Strengthening the control and categorised graded management of newly opened accounts, carrying out due diligence on account opening properly, and conducting strict reviews on the opening of non-counter payment services. Launching a 100-day campaign in which the Bank worked with police to crack down on telecom fraud, as part of the efforts to assist public security authorities in comprehensively addressing the stark problems of the black and gray industries. Customer complaints and satisfaction managementCustomer complaints and satisfaction management In 2022, BOC further implemented the Customer Complaints Management Measures of Bank of China Limited to strengthen complaint management efforts. BOC listens carefully to the voice of customers, uses customer feedback as a guide, and forms a closed-loop workflow that consists of collection, analysis, evaluation, and improvement. The Bank also invites third-party professional research agencies to conduct customer satisfaction surveys every year, in the hope of fully understanding how customers evaluate its financial products and services. In 2022, the Bank s overall consumer satisfaction rate went up by 0. 6 percentage point from last year to 90. 9. Verifying the matter complained about with a person who has no direct interest in the matter, ensuring that there is no direct interest between the complainant and the person handling the complaint, and protecting customers as complainants from retaliation. Focusing on areas where customer complaints were concentrated, assembling a list of issues to be corrected, and reducing customer complaints from the business end. The above three types of complaints accounted for 82. 6 of the total. Focusing on key groups such as the elderly, people with disabilities, young people, and new citizens, the Bank has adopted a combination of online and offline means to carry out differentiated education and publicity activities, advance intensive awareness-raising efforts on regulatory themes and regular financial literacy measures, and help customers comprehend financial products and services correctly, thus enhancing the financial literacy of the public and helping the people to raise their awareness of financial health. In 2022, BOC conducted 56, 000 consumer protection awareness activities, which covered 737 million consumers, and the original promotional scripts released through online channels generated 179, 442, 400 views. A series of awareness-raising activities were carried out, which included the March 15 Consumer Protection Awareness Week, Protecting Your Money & Popularizing Financial Knowledge, and Financial Knowledge Popularisation Month. Online channels such as the official website, WeChat public account, video account, Weibo, and TikTok were used to create a cloud-based financial literacy platform that could integrate web articles, long posters, short videos, and other widely beloved media forms. OfflineOffline OnlineOnline New citizensNew citizens Financial literacy zones were set up for new citizens at some outlets. At the same time, outlet staff went to construction sites, enterprises, and business districts, where awareness-raising activities were carried out for groups such as migrant workers, deliverymen, doorkeepers security personnel, and small and micro business owners, to explain the risks of common illegal financial activities and help new citizens enhance their a wareness of risk prevention and rights protection. The elderlyThe elderly BOC provided financial literacy instruction for elderly customers visiting its business outlets, and organised special lectures, knowledge quizzes, and other activities at venues frequently visited by the elderly such as nursing homes and senior citizen universities, all of which were intended to popularise the concepts of rational investment and anti-fraud knowledge and enhance the awareness of fraud prevention and self-protection among elderly consumers. Promoting Financial LiteracyPromoting Financial Literacy StudentsStudents Focused on areas closely related to young people, especially school students, such as rational spending, reasonable borrowing, and payment security, BOC conducted on-campus financial literacy activities to guide students to rationally choose and correctly use financial products and services, enhance their ability to detect financial fraud, and establish a rational view of consumption. People with disabilitiesPeople with disabilities BOC collaborated with special education establishments to carry out financial literacy activities, where language interpreters were present and access manuals were distributed, to help people with disabilities using smart technology in the financial sector. BOC Guangxi Branch carries out financial literacy activities in communities 4-5BOC Beijing Branch sends volunteers to a construction site for financial literacy instruction 1 2 BOC Beijing Branch sends volunteers to provide financial literacy instruction for food deliverymen 3 BOC Hubei Branch carries out the Protecting Your Money financial literacy campaign at a plant area 1 2 3 4 5 1 BOC Beijing Branch visits Beijing Normal University, University of Science and Technology Beijing, Beijing Jiaotong University, and other universities to promote financial literacy among student groups 2 BOC Guangdong Branch conducts the telecom fraud prevention awareness campaign at Zhuhai Fifth Primary School 3 BOC Hubei Branch staff gives a lively financial course to children who stay behind in an area receiving its targeted assistance 4 BOC Shandong Branch creates an experimental base for financial education for special groups and conducts an activity to experience a barrier-free environment 1 2 3 4 95 94 BOC is committed to the strategy for building prosperity through talent building, works hard to recruit a workforce capable of taking on important responsibilities, and makes it a mission to attract, train, retain, and care for talents, so as to develop into a stage for quality talents to play their role and promote quality-oriented development with high-caliber staff. Pursuing A People-oriented Approach Talent Attraction and RetentionTalent Attraction and Retention Focused on its strategic development needs, BOC works harder to attract quality talents, and provides employees with smooth career development paths, allowing them to feel and act as owners. It never deems gender, ethnicity, religion, family status, physical illness, or other factors as recruitment and employment criteria. BOC has implemented the strategy of prioritising employment and proactively expanded the scale of recruitment. In 2022, the Bank cooperated with universities to conduct campus recruitment fairs, strengthened online promotion efforts, optimised written tests and interview sessions, and created a great candidate experience in an effort to attract more quality talents. Through the autumn recruitment, spring recruitment, and internship recruitment in 2022, which started in September 2021, the Bank created a total of 11, 000 jobs. By the end of 2022, 12, 100 graduates were actually hired by the Bank. Vacancy releaseVacancy release Strictly reviewing the terms of recruitment and promptly removing modifying expressions that may lead to discriminatory misunderstandings. Recruitment and appointmentRecruitment and appointment Strictly verifying the recruitment results to eliminate discriminatory and other irregularities. Internal promotion and selectionInternal promotion and selection Candidates are assessed and selected given their competencies and performance in accordance with the Recruitment and Appointment Management Measures (Version 2020). Talent retentionTalent retention BOC strengthens the lifecycle management of talent career development, forms a hierarchy of talents at all levels and in all fields, builds a career development platform attractive to employees, and provides remuneration and benefits that match well with what employees can do. It has devised early warning criteria, prompts institutions with high or fluctuating turnover rates to analyse the causes thereof in a timely manner and develop talent retention measures. Performance appraisalPerformance appraisal An employee performance management system was established, through which various methods such as KPI (Key Performance Indicators), OKR (Objectives and Key Results), and 360-degree evaluation could be used to carry out process management measures such as performance objectives and planning, tutoring and communication, appraisal and feedback, and rewarding and improvement following the basic principles of equal emphasis on incentives and disincentives, objectivity, fairness and impartiality, timeliness, accuracy and reasonableness, and strict compliance with the law. The annual appraisal is complemented by both longer and shorter terms of appraisal. Employees of all levels and categories are guided to establish a correct view of performance, enhance their recognition of corporate culture, and improve their professional competence and skills. The appraisal results are fed back to staff in an appropriate form and applied to various fields such as salary distribution, promotion, training and development, and awarding. Salary managementSalary management Employee remuneration consists of basic pay, performance-related pay, and benefits. Base pay depends on the job value and an employee s duty performance ability. Performance-related pay depends on the performance assessment results of the Group, the institution or department with which the employee is affiliated, and the employee himself herself. The Bank defers payment of over 40 of performance-related pay to personnel who take significant risks and assume risk management duties. The deferred payment usually lasts for three years at least. Employee engagement surveyEmployee engagement survey An employee engagement survey mechanism was established, to understand employees recognition of the corporate culture, management mechanisms, and working environment. Employees of various institutions at all levels would give their scores online anonymously. In 2022, the survey covers approximately 30, 000 people. In 2022, BOC formulated the Talent Development Programme for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and the Education and Training Programme for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period, both of which systematically planned the training of employees across the Bank. Centred on the strategic tasks set out in the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China and targeted at all employees, especially those working at the primary level, the Bank increased investment in resources, innovated talent training models and materials, improved online learning platforms, and enhanced professional training capabilities, shaping a culture of all-employee learning. In the process, it could help employees grow, while better responding to and solving business problems. Personnel Training and DevelopmentPersonnel Training and Development 97 96 Diversifying training programmesDiversifying training programmes BOC continues to improve its system of internal training programmes. To date, a comprehensive set of well-functioning internal training programmes have taken shape to meet the development needs of staff at different levels and in different business lines. Party school training Daily business training Training on job qualification and capacity building Training on strategic key notes Personnel development training System of internal training programmes Objective Dimension Deepening the leading role of Party building Solving business problems Promoting employee developmentDeliver a better performance in the period Promote strategic development New employeesNew employees Online and offline training programmes were provided for new employees recruited by the Head Office from fresh graduates in 2022; The New Employee Development Community activity was launched for new employees in the branches and integrated operation companies to clear up their job confusions during on-duty period, and the Young Employee Development Community activity was carried out within the jurisdiction to improve their capability weakness in digital transformation to advance their rapid growth. A total of 57 recommended courses in the new employee training series were developed throughout 2022. A boat race in the training programmes for accelerated leadership reform Employees in professional positionsEmployees in professional positions Training was intensified for high-caliber leading personnel, financial technology (FinTech) personnel, personnel proficient in globalised and integrated operations, and professional financial personnel, and a diversity of training programmes were rolled out around key business fields such as the eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, digitalised innovation, customer service, and risk management. The 2022 Plan to Bring Professional Sequences Online was formulated to continuously promote the development of professional qualification training system and the improvement of a curriculum system and examination database. Managerial personnelManagerial personnel For primary-level managerial personnel, training, exchange and mutual learning programmes for outlet heads were implemented to improve their comprehensive management capabilities. The training programmes for accelerated leadership reform were launched to develop innovative thinking among managers and enhance the management s ability to drive change. These programmes trained 80 senior managers, 980 middle managers, 197 junior managers, and 2, 000 well-performing employees throughout 2022. An online training course for new middle managers called Stimulate Vitality to Take Missions and Responsibilities was organised to help 44 new middle managers accelerate their role transition. All employeesAll employees BOC Grand LectureBOC Grand Lecture Five sessions were held throughout the year, where renowned experts and scholars were invited to give lectures and share their views on macro-economics, international politics, and other domains, with a total of about 30, 000 employees attending the courses. Third Staff Learning DayThird Staff Learning Day Diverse learning activities such as roundtable forums, course displays, and Q&A sessions took place, attracting the attendance of more than 90, 000 employees at home and abroad and registering more than one million viewers of learning videos. ESG training in BOC (New Zealand) In March 2022, the BOC training cloud platform launched the Tree of Knowledge in Eight Priority Areas for Enhancing Financial Service Capability column (hereinafter referred to as the column ), which consists of five sections, i. e. courses, classes, quizzes, live-streaming, and Q&A sessions. Centred on empowering learners and supporting business development, the column brings together learning resources in eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities such as the cases, teaching materials, courses, and micro-courses. The column has effectively expanded the reach of training, allowing primary-level staff to access high-quality learning resources in a real-time and convenient manner through keyword search and online knowledge labels. In addition, the column is linked to external partners such as government departments, universities, and consultancies, thus setting up a knowledge sharing platform. By the end of 2022, the column uploaded 1, 815 courses, live-streamed 55 courses, and gave 210 quizzes. Tree of Knowledge in Eight Priority Areas for Enhancing Financial Service Capability column 99 98Optimising online training platformsOptimising online training platforms Building a stronger teaching forceBuilding a stronger teaching force Supporting employees in learning after workSupporting employees in learning after work BOC has vigorously promoted the construction of online learning platforms. The BOC Training online learning platform launched more than 42, 000 courses, and provided more than 9, 500 online training sessions, with a daily average of more than 43, 000 users online. BOC advocates and encourages self-learning among staff, provides necessary resources and financial support for after- work learning of all employees (including regular and dispatched employees), relies on online platforms to procure books and learning materials, and re-examines the scope of fully reimbursable professional qualifications, which could cover a wide range of fields such as finance, accounting, risk compliance, IT, comprehensive management, and foreign language learning. The Master Classes campaign focused on primary-level development. It developed 128 courses in the areas of business development and customer service, digitalised transformation and innovation, etc., to foster a team of excellent internal trainers. The BOC Good Cases campaign extracted 121 practical and replicable vivid cases, which covered topics such as Party building, eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, risk management, and corporate culture, to effectively support improvement of the practicality and applicability of primary-level training. The Master Classes and BOC Good Cases campaignsThe Master Classes and BOC Good Cases campaigns The happy teacher s day card was co-signed and issued by Chairman, President, and Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank, teacher representatives shared their views in various forms, and commemorative medals were granted to staff who had long been engaged in personnel training. The activity offered effective incentives for all educators and trainers across the Bank. The Global Teacher s Day serial activityThe Global Teacher s Day serial activity The Learning Power Leap training campThe Learning Power Leap training camp An online learning community was established to help more than 200 training managers and internal trainers at the Head Office and branch levels to improve their in-depth learning skills. Social learning activities were organised to facilitate the conversion of what had been learned into actual use, thus enhancing the professional competence of internal trainers and educators. The Modern Learning Practices online learning programmeThe Modern Learning Practices online learning programme The training on the basic theories of modern learning and the sharing of the best practices at home and abroad were conducted and the learning effects were consolidated through after-class quizzes. The programme helped more than 300 practitioners in education and training managers, full-time or part-time, internal trainers, and core business staff who were interested in joining the team of internal trainers become aware of the new trends of digitalised learning and online learning, and improve their professional competences. The professional competence programmesThe professional competence programmes Cementing cooperation among enterprises, universities and research institutionsCementing cooperation among enterprises, universities and research institutions BOC works with external partners such as universities, industry associations, professional education and training agencies, and consultancies to deepen cooperation around personnel development and innovation in training programmes, thus promoting in-depth integration of enterprises, universities, and research institutions. In 2022, the BOC Intelligent Valley practical training base to align classroom education with real-world needs teamed up with over 20 universities and vocational schools nationwide, setting up a platform where students could take internships and practices. This is a fruitful attempt made by the Bank to explore a new model of talent training, promote the close connection of education chain, talent chain, industry chain, and innovation chain, and turn out much-needed talents. The SJTU-BOC Institute of Technology & Finance (SJTU-BOC ITF) was inaugurated on July 30, 2022. The SJTU-BOC ITF is committed to implementing the national strategy of building prosperity through science and education, building a strong country in science, technology, and human capital, growing into one of the world s top institutes of technology and finance that shape the future, and cultivating the top-notch innovative personnel proficient in technology and finance who embrace the future. BOC and the SJTU-BOC ITF co-organised a BOC Technology Finance Summit Forum and the joint training programmes for digital leading talents and outstanding young talents, under which the two sides worked together to train inter-disciplinary research personnel and specialised application personnel, accelerate the growth of outstanding young staff at the Bank, and conduct research on technology and finance, with a view to deepening the alignment of classroom education with real world needs. Since 2020, BOC has organised the Industry-Education-Research-Innovation Integration Seminar in the Yangtze River Delta for three consecutive years. Centred on the four strategic emerging industries of the Yangtze River Delta region, i. e. industrial Internet, artificial intelligence (AI), integrated circuits, and biomedicine, the seminar held training and learning activities from four dimensions, that is, industry, education, research, and innovation, and invited experts and scholars from the China Centre for Promotion of SME Development (an arm of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China), China SME Development Fund Co., Ltd., Chinese Academy of Engineering, China Semiconductor Industry Association, and renowned enterprises in the industry to give lectures, facilitating the training of personnel proficient in technology and finance for the Yangtze River Delta region. The seminar produced 27 special reports, 50 online micro-courses, and eight high-quality courses, and trained more than 600 persons excelling in industry, technology, and finance. While attaching equal importance to globalising expatriates and localising foreign employees, the Bank introduces a comprehensive set of training measures for both expatriate and foreign workers. BOC builds a people-oriented corporate culture, takes good care of its employees, and establishes a comprehensive staff benefits system, with the aim to enhance their sense of identity and belonging to the Bank. Employee CareEmployee Care Protecting the rights and interests of employeesProtecting the rights and interests of employees While strictly complying with national labour laws and regulations, BOC also buys five insurances and two funds in full for its employees, provides staff benefits such as critical illness insurance and annual medical check-up, allows female employees during pregnancy, childbirth, and breastfeeding to take various types of leave such as maternity leave, breastfeeding leave, and parental leave, and ensures the Collective Contract for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Female Employees at the Head Office of Bank of China was signed in 2022 to effectively protect female employees. BOC fully respects and safeguards employees rights to be informed, to participate, to be heard, and to oversee with respect to the operation and management activities of the Bank. In January 2022, BOC held its first session of the Second Workers Congress in parallel with the bank-wide working conference, which was the first attempt for the Bank to do so. The convening of the workers congress ensured that staff representatives could participate in the decision-making process on major matters across the Bank. At the same time, employees opinions and suggestions were directly made known to the Senior Management through group discussions, a move that closely combined the protection of employees legitimate rights and interests with the promotion of the overall development of the Bank. Employees and their children are expected to enhance their understanding of China s history and culture in a pleasant tour. Female staff members were organised to carry out activities such as lunchtime reading salon and family weekend with parents and children walking and reading together. All of these activities created a strong atmosphere of reading and enriched the spiritual and cultural life of employees. A gathering around it allowed young employees to increase teamwork skills, enhance communication, and feel relaxed while playing. The Tour to Chinese Cultural Heritage Sites child-parent activityThe Tour to Chinese Cultural Heritage Sites child-parent activity Reading activities for female employees to celebrate the 20th CPC National CongressReading activities for female employees to celebrate the 20th CPC National Congress A frisbee-themed youth gatheringA frisbee-themed youth gathering The BOC Smart Union digital service platform launched a host of functional modules for the Head Office, which included video medical consultation, online mall, management of inter est groups, movie and TV drama viewing, staff activities, and walking, to create a multi-angle, multi-form, and multi-channel digitalised trade union service system, making staff feel better taken care of at the Bank. BOC Smart Trade Union digital service platform BOC has actively advanced the Mutual Aid Scheme among staff members, formulated the Measures for Managing the Mutual Aid Scheme for Staff of Bank of China, provided allowances for employees in difficulties caused by major diseases, natural disasters, accidents, etc., and cared about family members of the employees working overseas by arranging medical consultations for their aging parents and help their children get access to school. In 2022, the Bank visited 2, 659 employees in difficulties, providing them with allowances worth RMB11, 649, 900. BOC advocates being happy and healthy at work and provides employees with a wide range of cultural and sporting activities. In addition, the Bank pays particular attention to the mental health of its employees. It cooperates with professional mental health service providers to render staff members in need with timely guidance and counselling. BOC Insurance holds a leather handicrafts making activity to celebrate the International Women s Day on March 8 BOC Panama Branch staff members have a team building activity outdoors BOC is committed to a path of professional public-interest development, planning philanthropic activities in a science-based manner, and linking finance with philanthropy to realise wealth growth and social development. In 2022, the platform was connected to the Featured zone and Public Welfare zone on the Life channel of the BOC app, allowing mobile banking users nationwide to make public-interest donations through the Bank of China Philanthropy platform. In the year, the platform attracted 117 social organisations as members and rolled out 221 public-benefit fundraising activities, raising RMB44, 789, 000 from 682, 600 donations. Launching innovative products that combined finance with charityLaunching innovative products that combined finance with charity Implementing charitable trustsImplementing charitable trusts To meet customers personalised needs for doing public good, though the year BOC helped private banking customers set up 38 charitable trusts, and innovatively implemented the industry s first points-based charitable trust to promote the in-depth integration of charity and private banking services. It helped 42 social practice-themed public benefit projects initiated by 32 universities raise RMB2. 29 million in funds from 77, 000 donations, effectively broadening fundraising channels for universities. The Mutual Support Time Capsule immersive community interaction app was rolled out, which brought 30 fun online tasks for helping older people. Users could donate or redeem the points earned by completing tasks, answering questions related to helping the elderly, and signing in. Promoting e-CNY for public goodPromoting e-CNY for public good E-CNY-based public donation scenarios were created in Hainan Province, and related activities, online and offline, were carried out. It contributes to the building of a better society through professional public benefit practices. In 2022, the Bank launched 91 assistance projects through external donations totaling RMB45, 749, 200. Targeted assistance for well-being enhancementTargeted assistance for well-being enhancement The annual work plan was formulated in support of the four counties in Xianyang City, Shaanxi receiving targeted assistance, that is, Yongshou, Xunyi, Chunhua, and Changwu in rural revitalisation to be pursued by building on success in poverty alleviation. In 2022, the Bank invested more than RMB79 million (donations of RMB30, 600, 600) in assistance funds and RMB700 million in credit funds in the four counties of Xianyang City, introduced RMB210 million in investment to the counties, and gave training to an attendance of over 30, 000, which consisted of community-level officials, leaders in rural revitalisation, and professional technicians. Reimbursable funds worth over RMB700 million were invested throughout the year in support of key industrial projects in the four counties, including agrivoltaic, livestock and dairy projects. Modes for investment invitation were innovated. Eight branches in economically developed regions paired with the four counties to help them attract investments. A series of activities, such as the Tour of Investors to the Four Counties of Xianyang City and the Visit of Jiangsu and Zhejiang Merchants to Xianyang City, invited corporate investments worth RMB210 million in total. A number of measures such as assisting in the construction of industrial development projects and supporting the establishment of agricultural machinery cooperatives were adopted to help collective economies of villages grow larger and stronger, create jobs, and transfer more than 1, 100 people to locations where they could find employment during the year. Assistance through industrial developmentAssistance through industrial development The Public Welfare of China consumption-based assistance platform got connected to the Mobile Banking app, as a move to broaden the consumer base. Various preferential activities were held to encourage customers to purchase agricultural products from the areas lifted out of poverty. The Apple Tree Adoption public welfare project was carried out, in which over 11, 000 apple trees were adopted in the four counties of Xianyang City throughout the year, involving a total amount of nearly RMB1. 2 million. BOC joined hands with the Quicklook broadcast room of Xinhua News Agency and Xianyang Municipal Bureau of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to hold a live-streaming activity called BOC Starts A New Journey towards the Better Countryside to advance poverty alleviation through consumption, in which high-quality agricultural products from the four counties were available for sale, attracting 530, 000 viewers. Through CCTV, online new media, high-speed train and other channels, BOC supported the four counties of Xianyang City in the promotion of special agricultural products and red culture and tourism, reaching a total of about 1 billion people. Assistance by boosting the consumption of goods produced by areas lifted out of povertyAssistance by boosting the consumption of goods produced by areas lifted out of poverty The BOC Rural Revitalisation Schools were built to provide systematic training for community-level officials, rural cooperative leaders, personnel engaged in agricultural production and operation, and other groups by combining online and offline means and through bank-university cooperation. Eleven online courses on rural revitalisation were developed for village officials, rural revitalisation leaders, and professional technicians in the four counties of Xianyang City, covering topics such as interpretation of rural revitalisation policies, featured industries of agriculture and cultivation, Internet Plus marketing of agricultural products, and animal and plant breeding techniques. Assistance in the form of personnel trainingAssistance in the form of personnel training 107 106 In 2022, BOC invested RMB3. 8 million in non-reimbursable funds to implement the Insurance against Poverty project, which covered 447, 000 rural residents in the four counties of Xianyang County. For rural households at risk of slipping back to poverty, each of which had a per capita income of less than RMB6, 000 a year due to illness, disaster, schooling, accident, or other reasons, assistance was provided through the procedures of verification and assessment, door-to-door survey, public announcement, and fund disbursement, helping local communities to ensure that people would not sink back into poverty in large numbers. The insurance against poverty was launched to guard the bottom line for rural revitalisation The selenium-rich rice planting demonstration plots project supported by BOC Heilongjiang Branch reaps a good harvest Linjiang Village, Jiangqiao Town, Tailai County, Qiqihar City is a village receiving targeted assistance from BOC Heilongjiang Branch. In order to innovate the assistance model in villages and expand the channels for their incomes increase,, the branch cooperated with local grain processing enterprises to set up an agricultural products manufacturing and marketing centre, which planted about 13. 33 hectares of selenium-rich rice as demonstration plots, giving rise to a new assistance model covering planting, acquisition, processing, and sale. In 2022, the demonstration plots produced 70 tons of selenium-rich rice, and the income of the village collective, rice growers, and households lifted out of poverty increased by RMB75, 000 compared with last year. The mode for assistance produced remarkable results. An assistance project for selenium-rich rice planting demonstration plots Over RMB10 million was invested in the four counties of Xianyang City to support campus infrastructure construction and teaching & learning environment improvement at primary and secondary schools and kindergartens. These activities had an attendance of over 2, 500. Educational assistanceEducational assistance BOC supported the areas receiving assistance in flood control and post-disaster reconstruction, by getting involved in repair of damaged houses, repair of flood-damaged roads, and purchase of relief supplies to ensure that local people could quickly return to normal life and work. A rural toilet revolution project was implemented, to effectively ease the shortage of toilets and upgrade poor facilities, which directly benefited nearly 1, 000 households. New water supply facilities were built, and rain-sewage shunting, rural drinking water purification, and other projects were carried out to improve the water quality and living environment for rural residents, directly benefiting more than 4, 000 people. Improvement of human habitatsImprovement of human habitats 1 2 3 5 4 The BOC Charity Foundation finances a new water tower and supporting facilities in Dujiazhuang Village, Ganjing Town, Yongshou County, Xianyang City, to stabilise the supply of water for production and domestic uses and ease the seasonal shortage of water for local residents 1 The English and Chinese versions of the volumes BOC in Xianyang and Apple Blossom are published in more than 50 countries and regions worldwide to tell the story of China s poverty reduction to the world 2 Adopting fruit trees to show support for farmers 3 BOC staff members market agricultural products from the rural areas receiving targeted assistance at the China International Import Expo (CIIE) 4 BOC Fujian Branch actively participates in the local public benefit programs, including the I have a land plot in the countryside farming activity 5 109 108Small dribs and drabs adding up to big loveSmall dribs and drabs adding up to big love BOC continues to explore and innovate in a number of public welfare areas, and joins hands with more partners to create greater value for society. BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects BOC Scholarship for Basic Subjects The scholarship was jointly founded with China Education Development Foundation, to reward and subsidise outstanding graduate and doctoral students who major in 30 key basic disciplines at the fist-class universities of the world in China. In 2022, a total of 60 students stood out and received the scholarship. BOC Private Enjoyment Love-Spring Bud Project BOC Private Enjoyment Love-Spring Bud Project For the nine consecutive years, the project, launched in cooperation with the China Children and Teenagers Fund as a public welfare platform for the Bank s customers and employees, has provided financial support for junior and senior high school girls in remote areas of Yunnan and Shaanxi. To date, it has donated over RMB10 million to more than 2, 600 girl students. Education donationsEducation donations Disaster reliefDisaster relief After a 6. 8-magnitude earthquake hit Luding County, Ganzi Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, BOC Sichuan Branch initiated the contingency plan, according to which makeshift service stations were set up around its outlets, a green passage for earthquake relief was opened up with donations made through special accounts exempted from remittance fees, and more credit resources were channeled towards the affected areas to fully support post-disaster reconstruction. BOC Insurance immediately launched a rapid response mechanism for claims settlement, by paying return visits to customers in key areas, opening up a green channel for claims settlement, simplifying documents required by claims settlement, and prepaying claims for customers with losses of less than RMB50, 000, with a view to providing maximum convenience for the affected people. BOC Guangdong Branch joined hands with the Guangdong Youth Development Foundation and the Shenzhen One Foundation to raise funds for flood and earthquake relief, respectively. The fundraising campaigns were intended to support the flood victims in Southern China and the earthquake victims in Luding, in which 15, 696 donations from customers and staff were made, amounting to RMB114, 423. Relying on the Bank of China Philanthropy platform, the Bank supported the China Population Welfare Foundation in carrying out the Happiness Project - Action to Help Mothers in Distress. The initiative raised funds of RMB72, 000, which would be used to provide small grants, skills training sessions, and health check- ups, with a view to raising the living standards of mothers in rural areas The BOC Charity Foundation, together with some social organisations, donated solar bathroom heaters to five schools in Chunhua County, Xianyang City, Shaanxi Province, to provide more than 1, 000 local teachers and students with affordable access to hot water and reduce the cost of electricity in schools. BOC Fujian Branch and Fujian Provincial Foundation for Disabled Persons jointly launched the Families with More Than One Handicapped Members project and put it on the Bank of China Philanthropy Platform. The funds raised would be used to help disabled people in difficult circumstances and improve the living conditions of families with more than one handicapped members. BOC Fujian Branch, in cooperation with the Fujian Anti-poverty Charity Association and other social organisations, built an audio library at the Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, by donating thousands of e-books and Beijing Winter Olympics mascots to let children feel the joy of reading in a child-friendly clinic. The Bank supports diverse forms of cultural and artistic activities, helping the Chinese culture spread all over the world. Cultural exchangeCultural exchange In 2022, a total of 547 volunteer service activities were carried out by the Communist of Youth League (CYL) organisations at all levels, involving a total of over 28, 933 CYL members, who served more than 1. 18 million people in a total of over 22, 000 hours. Volunteers were organised to provide services for important events such as the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, the China International Import Expo, the China International Fair for Trade in Services, the China International Consumer Products Expo, and the China-ASEAN Exposition. Volunteer servicesVolunteer services 111 110 In August 2022, BOC supported the Silk Road Artists Rendezvous art exhibition organised by the China International Culture Association, the UNESCO Representative Office in China, and the National Art Museum of China, among others. The exhibition brought together 193 artistic works from 112 countries regions to showcase the extraordinary charm of different cultures through the unique perspectives of artists from the countries regions joining the implementation of the BRI. Art binds people together The Melody of Orient Chamber Concert in Luxembourg From October to November 2022, the Europe Tour of the Melody of the Orient Chamber Concert, for which BOC acted as a strategic partner, took place in Belgium, France, Malta, and Luxembourg. The musicians from China and Europe performed a collection of masterpieces. The musical dialogue between the East and the West impressed the audience with the unique charm of different musical cultures, greatly promoting cultural exchanges. Melody of Orient Chamber Concert a musical dialogue between China and Europe 2022 Glimmering Programme - Astronomy Classes in the Countryside In 2022, BOC Jiangsu Branch joined hands with Netease Jiangsu and Nanjing Amateur Astronomers Association to launch the 2022 Glimmering Programme - Astronomy Classes in the Countryside in 12 cities across the province, bringing professional astronomy knowledge to rural schools in a vivid and interesting way and activity instilling a dream of attaining scientific and technological self-reliance into the minds of rural children. During the day, students assembled and launched a mock rocket with their own hands, using what they had learned from the science lectures and exhibitions. At night, under the guidance of experts, they looked up at the stars through a professional electronic telescope, exploring the glimmering light from afar. Astronomy Classes in the Countryside lighting up the space dream of rural children 113 112 1 2 3 4 BOC (Malaysia) and Chinese companies in the country donate 10 lifeboats to help with the local flood relief efforts 1 Happiness Project - Action to Help Mothers in Distress initiative 2 The launching ceremony of an online fundraising campaign to help people with disabilities on the Bank of China Philanthropy platform 3 An audio library at the Fujian Medical University Union Hospital 4 1 2 3 BOC supports the Harmonious Co-existence joint exhibition of collections from the Palace Museum and the National Museum of China and signs a strategic cooperation agreement with the two 1 As a strategic partner of Hong Kong Palace Museum, BOCHK sponsors the Hong Kong Palace Museum and the Hong Kong Gaudeamus Dunhuang Ensemble to organise A Dialogue between Dunhuang and the Palace Museum Across 2, 000 Years of Chinese Cultural Heritage concert and cultural lecture 2 BOC Luxembourg Branch and the local Confucius Institute jointly organise a calligraphy competition to showcase the charm of Chinese calligraphy 3 BOC (Djibouti) provides financial support for GX Foundation s Cataract Surgery Program 4 4 115 114 Being a Practitioner of Steady Development PerseveranceUpholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground Upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground to pursue steady and sustained progressto pursue steady and sustained progress In2022, BOC deeply integrated sustainable development into its corporate governance and daily operations, and made efforts to modernize governance system and capacity. Upholding the ESG concept, BOC continued to enhance the resilience of sustainable development through a sound corporate governance system, aiming to build momentum for high-quality development. Performance Highlights Entering a new stage of development, it is an inevitable requirement for financial institutions to better serve the real economy, constantly meet the needs of economic and social development and the people, and contribute to the high-quality economic development by maintaining the political and people-oriented role of financial work, effectively enhancing professionalism and autonomy, and actively exploring and practicing the road of financial development with Chinese characteristics. BOC firmly follows the correct political direction of financial work, unswervingly takes on the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics, takes on the responsibility bravely, works hard and steadily, and speeds up the construction of a world-class modern banking group. In 2022, BOC fully implemented the general requirements for Party building in the new era, and built a stronger political guarantee for high-quality development. By scientifically and accurately coordinating development and security, continuously strengthening the effectiveness of risk prevention and control and internal control compliance, and effectively deepening the construction of compliance culture, BOC laid a more solid foundation for high-quality development. BOC persevered in upholding integrity, discipline and anti-corruption, constantly strengthened the atmosphere of strict governance, and made the political ecology cleaner for high-quality development. As of the end of 2022, there were two female directors and six independent directors on the Board of Directors, accounting for 13. 3 and 40. 0 respectively, and all the 15 directors had working backgrounds in the economic or financial fields. BOC conducted 20 training sessions for board members throughout the year, with an average of 25. 5 hours for each member. Total profit (RMB million) Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB million) 246, 378 2, 038, 419 276, 620 2, 225, 153284, 595 2, 427, 589Net profit (RMB million) 2022 237, 5042022 237, 504 2021 227, 339 2020 205, 096 Non-performing loan ratio ( )2020 20202021 20212022 2022 1. 46 1. 33 1. 32 2020 2021 2022 2020 565, 531 2021 605, 5592022 618, 009 Operating income (RMB million) Total assets (RMB million) 2020 2021 24, 402, 659 26, 722, 40828, 913, 857 2022 119 118Party Building as A Guiding Beacon The 20th CPC National Congress was convened in 2022. Firmly implementing the important requirements of Five Firm Grasps of General Secretary Xi Jinping and with a strong sense of political responsibility, a positive mindset, and a down-to-earth work style, BOC made meticulous arrangements to comprehensively learn, understand, and implement the guiding principles conveyed in the report to the congress, and constantly unify the thoughts and actions of executives and employees across the Bank with these guiding principles. Intensifying organisational leadershipIntensifying organisational leadership Diversifying forms of learningDiversifying forms of learning Holding extensive lecturesHolding extensive lectures Conducting intensive trainingConducting intensive training Using a diversity of publicity means togetherUsing a diversity of publicity means together A bank-wide steering group for the learning, promotion, and implementation of the guiding principles conveyed at the 20th CPC National Congress was set up, with the Party Committee Secretary of the Bank as the head, the Deputy Secretaries to the Party Committee of the Bank as the deputy heads, and members of the Party Committee leadership and senior management as team members. The group formulated a bank-wide plan for learning, promotion, and implementation and coordinated all related actions as a whole. In 2022, members of the Party Committee and senior management took the lead to participate in dual organisational life 84 times. Party leaders at all levels made full use of meetings, business trips, and surveys to actively promote the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress. A special training programme was formulated. Party leadership members at all levels were organised to attend training on a rotating basis, and all Party members across the Bank were organised to learn the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress. Meanwhile, applicants for Party membership and young employees were invited to attend related training. Special columns such as Anchor of the New Mission and Learning the 20th CPC National Congress were added to the internal media platforms, to promote the learning and implementation of the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress at all levels of the Bank. Relevant learning initiatives were introduced in the Bulletin of the Central and State Organs Working Committee, and 34 pieces of work information came out in the Central and State Organs Anthology of Party Classes, Qizhi magazine, Research on Party Building in State Organs, qizhiwang. Adhering to the rules and regulations governing capital markets and relevant industries, the Bank has made constant efforts to improve its corporate governance framework, which comprises the shareholders meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the Senior Management. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby laying a solid foundation for the long-term steady operation of the Bank. Shareholders Meeting BOC continues to raise the level of corporate governance by consolidating the governance foundation, enhancing the efficiency of the Board of Directors, promoting the fulfillment of ESG responsibilities, and deepening investor communication and information disclosure. Board of Directors Board SecretariatBoard of Supervisors Board of Supervisors OfficeSenior Management Strategic Development Committee Green Finance Committee Asset Disposal Committee Connected Transactions Office Anti-money Laundering Committee FinTech Committee Audit Committee Audit Department Connected Transactions Control Committee US Risk and Management Committee Risk Policy Committee Personnel and Remuneration Committee Credit Risk Management and Decision-making Committee Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee Asset and Liability Management Committee Duty Performance and Due Diligence Supervision Committee Finance and Internal Control Supervision Committee Risk Management and Internal Control Committee Centralised Procurement Management Committee Securities Investment and Management Committee Asset Management Business Committee Consumer Protection Committee Financial Digitalisation Committee Cross-border Finance Committee 121 120 BOC strives to enhance the operation mechanism of corporate governance. Focusing on ESG compliance and supervisionFocusing on ESG compliance and supervision Enabling the Board of Directors to produce a greater effectEnabling the Board of Directors to produce a greater effect Intensifying corporate governance of overseas institutionsIntensifying corporate governance of overseas institutions In 2022, the Board of Directors of the Bank paid its attention to ESG-related topics such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection, and targeted assistance. In the year, we held a symposium for directors, supervisors, and senior management members to discuss issues related to corporate governance, green finance, and corporate culture building, taking into account their professional background, work experience, and research findings. For the next step, the Senior Management would make improvements given the comments and suggestions. The Board of Supervisors of the Bank has performed supervision responsibilities in terms of strategy, duty performance, financial management, risk management, and internal control diligently. Meanwhile, it conducted a number of themed surveys on financial services for the rural revitalisation strategy, IT management, high-standard opening up, and cross-border risk management, put forth supervision comments and recommendations on key ESG issues such as green finance, inclusive finance, consumer protection, information security, risk prevention and control, environmental and climate risk management. In summary, the Board of Supervisors played a supervisory role in making sure the Bank could fulfill its ESG responsibilities effectively. The Articles of Association of Bank of China Limited provides for the composition, powers, and meetings of the Board of Directors and its committees with legal effects to ensure the independence and effectiveness of the Board of Directors. In addition, BOC has formulated the Policy on Diversity of Board Members of Bank of China Limited, which focuses on increasing the diversity of Board members, making sure the Board members appointed should possess the skills and experience required for the good functioning of the Board as a whole, fully considering the objectives and requirements for the diversity of Board members in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional skills, and other aspects, and implementing such objectives and requirement throughout the entire process of Board member selection appointment. Renowned experts and scholars are invited to provide Board members with training on topics such as green finance, with a view to enhancing the performance of the Board of Directors in duty performance and governance. BOC has continuously standardised the corporate governance operation mechanism of its overseas subsidiaries and continued to raise the level of the corporate governance of such subsidiaries. In 2022, BOC revised the policies for overseas subsidiaries, optimised the composition of the boards of directors and the boards of supervisors of overseas institutions, enhanced the professionalism and diversity of the directors and supervisors, and helped directors and supervisors to better perform their duties. BOC maintains close communication with investors through a variety of channels and in a number of forms. The Bank carries out more than one hundred investor exchanges in various forms each year, covering thousands of institutions. The work it did with respect to investor relations has been highly recognised by different sectors of society. Prior to the results release, an announcement is made to solicit the concerns of minority shareholders, and a full response is provided at the release. Live-streaming, replay, interactive texts, and downloadable presentation materials of the release are available to fully protect the rights of small and medium-sized investors to know and participate in. A number of communication sessions were held taking into account the issues of concern to the market to actively update market participants on the progress made by BOC in key areas such as wealth management, green finance, and ESG development. BOC takes seriously the requests of minority shareholders for daily inquiry and communication, by actively responding to their visits and calls, and answering their questions in a professional and patient way. BOC effectively guarantees minority shareholders rights to participate shareholders meetings, actively serves minority shareholders present at such meetings, displays investor protection awareness material, and understands their claims and answers their questions. BOC takes an active part in investor education activities such as the May 15th National Investor Protection Publicity Day, and uses its official website and SSE E-interaction platform to promote the themes and impacts of the activities. As per the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, justice, conciseness, and clarity, BOC establishes a comprehensive set of information disclosure policies, strictly fulfills statutory disclosure obligations, actively explores best practices for voluntary disclosure, upholds the investor demand-oriented disclosure concept, and continuously enhances the relevance and effectiveness of disclosure. BOC reviews the completeness and effectiveness of existing information disclosure rules and policies in a timely manner. All disclosure documents are in strict compliance with related requirements, and the content in both English and Chinese is clear and easy to understand. BOC always discloses information from the perspective of investors and readers. BOC continuously improves the relevance, effectiveness, and transparency of information disclosure, guides investors to gain a deeper understanding of its development strategies such as one mainstay, two engines and eight priority areas for enhancing financial service capabilities, and provides investors with timely, adequate, and effective information for their value-assessing and decision-making processes in clear, simple, and easy-to-understand language. On the basis of the Comprehensive Risk Management Policy of the Bank of China Limited, BOC formulated the Plan on Improving Comprehensive Risk Management and its Effectiveness across the Bank, which aimed to continuously enhance the competitiveness and effectiveness of risk management as per the overall principle of being forward-looking, proactive, adaptive, and applicable. Major business departments establish a middle office for risk control, hire a risk director, and designate the lead department for each type of risk. BOC continues to optimise the disclosure format and content of periodic reports with a view to enhancing the reading experience. China has entered a period of development where strategic opportunities and challenges co-exist and uncertain and unpredictable factors increase. In this context, black swans and gray rhinoceros events may occur at any time. Effectively Forestalling and Mitigating Financial RisksEffectively Forestalling and Mitigating Financial Risks Assessing and identifying risks through a more systemic, standardised, Assessing and identifying risks through a more systemic, standardised, concerted, and effective mannerconcerted, and effective manner Carrying out stress testing and preparing response plans with save clause Carrying out stress testing and preparing response plans with save clause through concrete effortsthrough concrete effortsBuilding a multi-tiered and all-round risk emergency response management systemBuilding a multi-tiered and all-round risk emergency response management system Accelerating the realisation of intelligent risk control and digital transformationAccelerating the realisation of intelligent risk control and digital transformation The Senior Management closely followed up on changes in the international situation and market fluctuations through taskforce recruitment, risk assessment, and thematic research, among other methods. Eight risk assessments and two risk screenings were conducted throughout 2022. Meanwhile, special inspections were carried out from time to time in case of unexpected risk matters and various risk hazards. Three integrated stress tests were conducted, including the PBOC solvency and the recovery and resolution plan (RRP), and seven special stress tests were held in the fields of real estate, Fed rate hikes, etc. The key RRPs with save clause were updated in a timely manner, and the asset and personnel security programmes for overseas institutions were formulated. A functional blueprint was charted for intelligent risk control applications, to form a smart risk control framework with data, models, systems, and mechanisms as four pillars. BOC focused on comprehensive risk management and personnel training in the field of risk management, mapped out the areas where risk management personnel was concentrated, selected leading and expert talents, and gave proper training to persons in key positions such as heads of institutions at all levels and deputy heads in charge of risk management, so as to build a professional and dedicated team engaged in risk control within the Group. At the same time, BOC continued to promote its risk culture, conducted risk management-related training for management and front-line staff, developed all-employee courses on comprehensive risk management, intelligent risk control, and other topics, and helped staff at all levels and in different positions enhance their risk management and response capabilities. Relying on the BOC Training Institute Cloud Platform, the Bank invited middle and senior risk managers from financial institutions and large corporations to share their views through live-streaming, to share the latest development in the risk management industry as well as the explorations and experiences of Chinese and international financial institutions, and to help all employees improve their professional management and business skills. A total of 20 seminars were held throughout 2022. Eight micro-courses were developed and produced to effectively enhance the risk identification and risk response capabilities of the front-line staff, with an attendance of over 540, 000 in 2022. 127 126Ensuring Operational Compliance BOC is committed to optimising compliance risk governance mechanisms and management processes, building a comprehensive compliance management system, pressing ahead with anti- money laundering (AML) and sanctions compliance management mechanisms and AML compliance training mechanisms, strengthening the construction of a compliance culture, and making progress in the construction of a long-term compliance management mechanism for overseas institutions, so as to safeguard the Group s sound operation and sustainable development. BOC has established an AML management structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, and the Senior Management, each of which performs their assigned duties diligently, providing a solid organisational mechanism for AML management. BOC further improved the internal control working mechanism and strengthened the building of the internal control system. The Bank formulated the Internal Control Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022), a document applicable to the entire Group, in accordance with the Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks and other requirements of the CBIRC and in light of its actual working needs, which was considered and approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting. The Board of Directors, senior management and the special committees of the Bank earnestly performed their duties regarding internal control and supervision, emphasising early risk warning and prevention, so as to improve the level of compliance operation. The Bank paid close attention to fraud risk prevention and control, proactively identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating risks. The Board of Supervisors assumes the supervisory responsibility for money laundering risk management. The Senior Management assumes the implementation responsibility for money laundering risk management, and delegates the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee to set up the AML Working Committee, responsible for the coordinated management of money laundering risks across the Group. Fully implementing the risk-oriented concept and requirements, BOC strengthened risk assessment, due diligence, training, and other aspects of related work effectively to make the Group s financial crime prevention efforts more effective steadily. BOC have established a sound framework for employee conduct management, where the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the Senior Management, as well all employer units and functional departments shall jointly carry out employee conduct management according to their division of work and duties. Specifically, the Board of Directors assumes the ultimate responsibility for the conduct management of employees, the Board of Supervisors monitors and evaluates the performance of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the conduct management of employees, the Senior Management assumes the implementation responsibility for the conduct management of employees, and each employer unit assumes the first responsibility for the conduct management of employees. Meanwhile, the Bank conducts an annual evaluation of the conduct of employees across the board, summarises the work done with respect to employee management in the year, and analyses and formulates the work plan for the next year, to raise staff management standards and enhance compliance awareness among employees continuously. The Bank fosters a compliance culture through the BOC Training platform and other online and offline channels, and forwards the Group s compliance ideas and requirements to both domestic and overseas staff through various forms such as knowledge manuals, themed courses, case studies, live lectures, offline seminars, and regular briefings on cases as deterrents. Risk monitoring, analysis, and evaluationRisk monitoring, analysis, and evaluation Due diligenceDue diligence Internal trainingInternal training A set of qualitative and quantitative assessment indicators was created with reference to regulatory requirements, so as to improve the money laundering risk assessment methodology and enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of the assessment. The suspicious transaction monitoring process and models were optimised to enhance monitoring and analysis capabilities and the information value of suspicious transaction reports. A sound risk-based customer due diligence system was put in place, which could set out management standards and processes for the entire life cycle of customers, consisting of access, business duration, and exit. In line with the know your customer principle, the Bank adopted varying controls for customers, business relationships, or transactions with different money laundering risks, verified the identity of customers through reliable and independently sourced documents, information, and materials, and got informed of the purpose and nature of the business relationships established and maintained by customers. The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management attended annual AML and sanctions compliance training to further enhance their understanding and comprehension of the regulatory policies and the internal control requirements for AML and sanctions compliance. The Bank has explored a carbon accounting methodology suitable for the Bank s asset portfolios and launched a trial calculation of carbon footprints for asset portfolios in carbon-intensive industries. On the premise of ensuring energy security and industrial chain supply chain stability, it keeps reducing the carbon intensity of asset portfolios in a progressive way until they finally become carbon neutral, as a response to the dual carbon goal of the State. In 2022, the balance of domestic credit extended to green industries as a share of corporate credit continued to go down and fall below 10. In strict accordance with the Energy Conservation Law of the People s Republic of China, the Energy Conservation Management Measures for Key Energy-consuming Institutions, and the Evaluation Standards for Green Buildings, among other requirements, BOC has established an energy management system, in which building energy conservation is regarded as important reference for its construction, purchase and leasing of offices, and priority is given to energy conservation in the entire process including the approval, design, tendering, construction, and use of office building projects. As a result, the energy efficiency of the Bank s office buildings has reached the nationally advanced level. As estimated, these measures would save about 91 tons of coal equivalent. Proportion of credit to brown industries in corporate credit by the end of 2022 Proportion of loans to other industries in corporate credit exceeded 90 Chemical engineering Non-ferrous metal smelting Civil aviation Cement Thermal power Coal Petrochemical engineering Paper-making Iron & steel Proportion of loans to brown industries in corporate credit fell below 10 Proportion of loans to brown industries in Proportion of loans to brown industries in corporate credit went down year by yearcorporate credit went down year by year 2022 2022 20 15 10 5 0 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB100 million)19, 872 YoY growth of balance of green credits in the Chinese mainland ( )41 Underwriting scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)4, 539 The scale of issuance of domestic and overseas green bonds (RMB100 million)877 CO2 equivalent emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20, 410 Sulfur dioxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)3, 909 Water conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20, 969 Standard coal conservation attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)8, 920 COD emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)63 Ammonia nitrogen emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)20 Nitrogen oxide emission reduction attributed to green credit (10, 000 tons)4, 326Indicator (unit) Indicator (unit) Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Greenhouse gas emissionGreenhouse gas emissionWaste gas managementWaste gas management BOC has managed the main pollutants discharged by the Head Office building (such as oily fume, particulate matters, non-methane total hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide), and hired professional institutions to test the fumes and boiler emissions for the purpose of ensuring that the emissions could meet the provisions set out in the Law of the People s Republic of China on Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control, the Ordinance on Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control in Beijing, the Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Catering Industry, the Emission Standards of Air Pollutants for Boiler, and other pertinent laws, regulations and standards. In addition, the gas boilers burners were installed at the Head Office Building and the oil fume filters were installed in some office areas of the Head Office Building. Note 1 10 types (such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, electric power and heat) of energy were consumed by the operation of the Group during 2020-2022. Gasoline and diesel oil were mainly consumed by office vehicles, natural gas, liquefied natural gas and other types of energy by the canteens in office places, electric power by office buildings and the Data Centre, and heat by office places in the northern region. The greenhouse gas emission from the operation of the Group during 2020-2022 was mainly incurred by energy consumption and included the emissions within Scope 1 and Scope 2. Scope 1 refers to the direct emissions from combustion of fossil energy such as gasoline, diesel oil, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, coal and coke. Scope 2 refers to the indirect emissions embodied in electric power and heat consumption. The Head Office purchased 650 tons of carbon credits in total throughout the year. Total energy consumption (MWh)2, 688, 308 2, 754, 463 2, 717, 945 Energy consumption per FTE (MWh)8. 78 8. 95 8. 79 Gasoline consumption (ton)11, 049 12, 400 12, 658 Diesel oil consumption (ton)540 463 482 Natural gas consumption (10, 000 m )1, 763 1, 779 1, 638 Electrical power consumption by offices (MWh)1, 272, 768 1, 279, 768 1, 164, 930 Electric power consumption by the Data Centre (MWh)536, 492 506, 101 585, 547 Heat consumption (MkJ)1, 955, 218 2, 214, 424 2, 251, 532 Total greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e)1, 537, 546 1, 534, 060 1, 512, 554 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 174, 899 79, 309 77, 214 Greenhouse gas emission (tCO2e) within Scope 21, 462, 647 1, 454, 751 1, 435, 340 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per FTE (tCO2e FTE)5. 02 4. 99 4. 89 Indicator (unit)Direct energy consumption Indirect energy consumption 131 130 Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Note Data covered the Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing. Sewage and waste managementSewage and waste managementEnvironmental complianceEnvironmental complianceMaterials and packingMaterials and packing The Bank strictly complies with the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, the Notice on the Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in the Offices of Central State Organs in 2018, the Implementation Plan on the Mandatory Classification of Domestic Waste in the Offices of Central State Organs, and other pertinent laws, regulations, and policies. It implements the waste sorting and reduction campaign in office areas of the Head Office Building, with all trash cans replaced with waste sorting bins, food waste & garbage disposal units installed in some working areas of the Head Office Building, and a qualified agency hired to dispose of hazardous waste. Social PerformanceSocial Performance Human resources structureHuman resources structure Water resource useWater resource use The Bank complies with the requirements set out in the pertinent laws, regulations and standards including the Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People s Republic of China, the Ordinance on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Measures for the Administration of Drainage and Water Recycling in Beijing, and the Integrated Water Pollutants Discharge Standards. Water used by the Bank is sourced from municipal water supply, without its own water source. The Head Office and the institutions based in Beijing set their water consumption target and develop their water use plan and water conservancy plan each year as per the Notice on the Planned Water Use Indicator issued by the Beijing Water Conservancy Management Centre. Water consumption target for the Head Office and other three offices based in Beijing in 2022 was 350, 995 cubic meters. The Bank only produces domestic sewage from daily office operations, which is discharged into municipal sewer networks. It engages a qualified third-party testing agency to regularly monitor sewage discharge. Total water consumption (m3)322, 614 358, 887 336, 100 Total cycling use of water (m3)56, 044 54, 477 66, 188 Water consumption per FTE (m3)32. 92 Discharge of hazardous waste (tons)0 6. 34 0 Discharge of non- hazardous waste (tons)1, 071 1, 120 1, 064 Office paper consumption (tons)63. 4 65. 1 53. 4 Paper conservation (tons)1. 7 -11. 7 6. 34 Number of credit cards issued this year (10, 000)319. 39 332. 83 679. 39 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (10, 000)1, 253. 01 1, 561. 41 Paper consumption of newly issued credit card statements and envelops (tons)70. 73 88. 14 Paper consumption attributed to credit card e-bill (100 million)6. 97 3. 96 2. 57 Number of employees 306, 182 306, 322 309, 084 Number of male employees131, 164 131, 387 131, 916 Number of female employees175, 018 174, 935 177, 168 Number of employees aged 30 and below68, 054 66, 995 73, 355 Number of employees aged 31-50179, 513 185, 917 189, 454 Number of employees aged above 5058, 615 53, 410 46, 275 Number of employees divided by gender Number of employees divided by age The Bank didn t receive any punishment for violation of environmental laws and regulations in 2022. Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Number of employees receiving physical examination at the Head Office5, 250 4, 985 4, 144 Number of occupational injury cases4 3 7 Number of service- attributable death incidents0 0 0 Number of service- attributable deaths0 0 0 Ratio of service- attributable deaths ( )0 0 0 Workdays lost due to service-attributable injury120 100 Note The number of employees receiving physical examination at the Head Office did not include employees at the Software Centre and some persons dispatched by the Head Office. It firmly opposes and prohibits any employment of child labour and any form of forced labour; emphasizes employee diversity and works hard to create an inclusive and equal workplace; and bans any disrespect or discrimination based on nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, gender, colour, family background, education, etc. For any violations in the employee recruitment process, the Bank carried out accountability in strict accordance with the Measures for Handling of Employee Violations of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022) and the Measures for Management Accountability of Bank of China Limited (Version 2022). Diversity and employee protectionDiversity and employee protectionOccupational health and safety (OHS)Occupational health and safety (OHS) Employee TurnoverEmployee Turnover Number of employees divided by employment type Number of full-time employees306, 182 Number of part-time employees0 Number of employees divided by region Number of employees in the Chinese mainland281, 793 280, 908 283, 312 Number of expatriates 2, 038 2, 051 1, 956 Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan18, 439 19, 445 19, 495 Number of new hires in the year12, 695 10, 221 11, 468 Number of employees from campus recruitment12, 140 9, 610 9, 218 Number of employees from social recruitment555 611 1, 005 Number of interns accepted893 665 517 Number of employees having senior professional qualifications8, 200 6, 280 4, 308 Number of employees having intermediate and junior professional qualifications250, 000 196, 000 35, 000 Percentage of scientific and technical personnel ( )3. 32 3. 07 2. 49 Execution of employment contracts ( )100 100 100 Coverage of social insurance schemes ( )100 100 100 Percentage of female employees ( )57. 16 57. 11 57. 32 Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( )30. 59 30. 79 33. 24 Percentage of male mid-to-senior-level managers ( )69. 41 69. 21 66. 76 Number of local employees at overseas institutions23, 033 23, 992 24, 370 Number of minority employees13, 487 13, 260 13, 073 Employee turnover ( ) 1. 9 2. 5 Male employee turnover ( ) 1. 88 2. 4 Female employee turnover ( ) 1. 92 2. 6Number of employees divided by employment type Number of employees divided by regionIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 133 132MarketingMarketing Product ManagementProduct Management Loan repayment policyLoan repayment policy BOC treated credit card customers who had difficulties in repayment or were at risk of overdue repayment on a case-by-case basis. For the customers at risk of overdue repayment, the Bank encouraged them to use the existing installment products to alleviate their repayment pressure for the short term, thus reducing the default risk and protecting credit records. For the customers who were already overdue and indeed had difficulties in repayment due to special circumstances, the Bank actively provided them with personalised credit card installment services by adopting flexible interest rates, extending the maximum repayment period (up to five years), reducing exempting late fees, all of which effectively relieved the repayment pressure of related customers. In addition, BOC continued to humanise debt collection. Collection was ceased for the customers who had difficulties in repayment difficulties after signing personalised installment repayment agreements and making repayments as per the signed agreements. Collection compliance was ensured by various means such as the issuance of notices and documents, case sharing, special meetings, special training, and business inspection. Outsourced collection activities were put under intensified management, by establishing a pool of outsourcing service providers across the Bank and strengthening compliance management for service providers through regular meetings, on-site and off- site inspections, etc. BOC stipulates that the content of marketing and promotional materials must be clear and easy to understand, the wording must not violate public morality, the content is marked in a conspicuous manner as per regulatory requirements without omission, and risk reminders are complete and accurate. At the same time, the Bank continues to improve the monitoring mechanism for financial marketing and promotional activities, strengthens daily management, prioritises intensifying the monitoring of the marketing and promotional activities at business outlets and partner institutions, and rectifies in a timely manner any marketing and promotional activities that violate the laws and regulations on consumer protection and other pertinent provisions. In 2022, the Financial Digitalisation Committee under the Senior Management integrated the responsibilities of the former Innovation and Product Management Committee to strengthen the coordinated management of product innovation and digitalised development. BOC has formulated the Management Measures for Products of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Guideline for the Management of Products Sold by Proxy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2018), and other product management policies systems, to intensify holistic product planning and risk control, put in place a product management system that could run through the lifecycle, and boost product innovation and sound development. In 2022, the Bank reinforced the lifecycle product management that could cover product launch, existence, and exit; reviewed old products in 2021 and evaluated new products in 2020 in an effort to enhance the product structure; and re-checked the policies on agency sale business and the products sold by proxy, and released the catalogue of products sold by proxy in 2022. For new products, product departments shall comprehensively self-assess the R&D design and the associated risks to reveal changes in risk characteristics and formulate risk mitigation measures. Risk management departments and business departments shall identify risks associated with new products, propose risk control measures requirements, and assist in improving product design R&D. Products departments shall implement differentiated launch approval processes according to product risk levels. Risks of new products under assessment include reputational risks, legal and money laundering risks, operational risks, and consumer protection risks, among other types. For old products, product departments shall carry out reviews in light of product characteristics, market environment, customer demands, policy requirements, risk changes, and other aspects. Risk management departments shall review risk assessment results of the products launched within one year, the key old products, and the products with elevated risk levels after re- inspection, and issue comprehensive risk assessment reports. Product departments shall take follow-up measures such as product rectification, suspension of sales, and exit from the market depending on different reinspection results. From 2021, the Bank conducted training on product management policies, and in 2022, it continued to explain and answer questions on the content of the relevant policies for all branches, thus laying a solid foundation for product innovation and business development. Consumer complaint managementConsumer complaint management In strict accordance with the pertinent laws, regulations, and regulatory documents such as the Cyber Security Law of the People s Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People s Republic of China, and the Guidelines for Data Governance for Banking Financial Institutions, BOC has formulated a series of policies covering the data lifecycle, data security management, information system data security, and application system security & development, among other aspects of content. The organizational structure was further improved. The Chairman of the Bank takes primary responsibility for cybersecurity, the Financial Digitisation Committee is the leading body for cybersecurity, and the Chief Cybersecurity Officer is the highest-level person overseeing the Bank s intranet, information, and data security. The Bank incorporates the information security management into the performance appraisal system of the Group s institutions and their senior managements, to assess from such perspectives as mechanism establishment, personnel training, formulation of contingency plans and conduct of drills, and loophole screening & problem rectification. The appraisal mainly covers leakage, destruction, and tampering of sensitive information, virus infection and transmission, external penetration or attack on internal networks or systems, etc. The defense capacity was further enhanced. In response to potential network, information, and data security risk events and vulnerabilities, the Bank formulated the Working Mechanism for Reporting Cyber Threat Events (Version 2022) and the Emergency Management Measures for Data Security of Bank of China Limited, which set out clear reporting and response processes. Meanwhile, it formulated contingency plans for multiple scenarios, such as DDoS attacks, network intrusions, wireless network attacks, robot attacks, system- layer ultra-high-risk vulnerabilities, local failure, and carried out actual operational drills, simulation drills, and desktop drills on these plans annually. A cybersecurity attack and defence laboratory at the Group level was established, and a cybersecurity taskforce of over 300 people was recruited to enhance the professional capabilities for ensuring cyber and information security through routine drills. The Bank s cyber and information security systems have been certified by a number of Chinese and international standards such as ISO 20000 Information Technology Service Management System Certification, ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification, ISO 27001 Information Security Management System, and PCI-DSS Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. At the same time, the Bank conducts internal and external audits on the organisational structure, management policies and measures, and systems related to cyber and information security every year. Cybersecurity and information securityCybersecurity and information security BOC strictly complies with the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and other pertinent laws and regulations, and has established an organisational structure for data governance and customer information protection management, which covers the Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors, and Senior Management as well as its subordinate Financial Digitisation Committee, lead departments, business departments and technical departments. Under the overall framework of customer information protection, the Bank follows the principle of business necessity and minimum authorisation. It has formulated the Personal Customer Information Protection Management Measures of Bank of China Limited, which sets out management requirements and prohibited acts throughout the entire lifecycle of personal data, consisting of collection, storage, enquiry, use, transmission, deletion, and destruction. It strengthens its information protection as per the principle of fully covering personnel, systems, positions, processes, institutions, and emergency response management flows. Currently, all e-channels available to personal customers, such as Apps, applets, and PC software comply with the principles of openness and transparency. The Bank has released nine privacy policies, including the Mobile Banking Privacy Policy of Bank of China Limited and the Colorful Life Privacy Policy of Bank of China Limited, discloses the rules for processing personal information, and proactively informs customers of the purpose, manner and scope of personal information processing as well as the protection of their personal information. Individual privacy policies of the Bank do not apply to the corporate business line. Customers have the right to access, correct and update personal information through mobile banking channels; they can enable or disable permissions for location services, access to contact, or call through mobile phone settings; they can view the privacy policy or revoke consent through My- Privacy Policy on the mobile banking app. BOC will sign strict confidentiality agreements with third parties when providing customers personal information to them with the consent and authorisation of customers, to specify the purpose, manner and scope of use of customers personal information by both parties, require third parties to handle personal information in strict accordance with the agreed confidentiality and security measures, and ask them not to use the shared personal information for any other purposes. It incorporates the requirements related to personal information protection into the access requirements for partner organisations. Intensifying personal information protectionIntensifying personal information protection Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000)18. 2 14. 8 18. 8 Number of customer complaints settled (10, 000)18. 2 14. 8 Ratio of customer complaints closed ( )100 100 In 2022, the Bank did not trigger any cyber and information security incidents or privacy breaches for technical reasons. Note 2 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s management refers to the number of personal accounts with the Bank serving as the manager of the enterprise annuity accounts. Number of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence smart risk control and prevention system (the Cyber Defence system) (10, 000)122. 74 87. 90 52. 00 Amount of suspicious transactions intercepted by the Cyber Defence system (RMB100 million)223. 30 150. 70 119. 84 Investments into employee training (RMB10, 000)70, 927 81, 386 53, 804 Participation in training (person-times)2, 782, 623 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Percentage of employees trained ( )97. 52 97. 01 95. 89 Female employees trained171, 602 175, 377 174, 054 Male employees trained 123, 724 130, 847 127, 438 Senior management members trained12, 527 14, 293 15, 948 Mid-level management members trained329, 658 265, 698 321, 541 Non-management employees trained2, 440, 438 2, 383, 705 2, 161, 168 Average length of employee training (hours)48. 16 48. 32 59. 35 Average length of female employee training (hours)52. 03 51. 74 62. 10 Average length of male employee training (hours)45. 72 45. 83 55. 60 Average length of training attended by senior management members (hours)47. 62 46. 30 51. 24 Average length of training attended by mid-level management members (hours)58. 37 61. 99 87. 92 Average length of training attended by non- management employees (hours)47. 34 41. 92 58. 80 Number of registered users on the BOC training cloud platform302, 835 315, 674 314, 411 Number of average monthly active users on the BOC training cloud platform245, 656 234, 170 137, 331 Number of courses provided on the BOC training cloud platform42, 689 25, 072 14, 463 Participation in BOC training cloud platform by employees (person-times)2, 782, 623 2, 663, 696 2, 498, 657 Average length of learning on the BOC training cloud platform (hours person)44. 12 43. 55 40. 63 Donations (RMB1 million) 89. 09 98. 54 162. 28 Social contribution per share (RMB)2. 81 2. 60 1. 98 Balance of loans granted to areas lifted out of poverty (RMB100 million)4, 122. 75 3, 608. 76 3, 028. 88 Balance of government- sponsored student loansNote1 (RMB1 million)2, 317. 09 2, 138. 53 2, 190. 82 Amount of government- sponsored student loans cumulatively granted (RMB100 million)257. 46 250. 72 246. 12 Amount of pension funds in the Bank s custody (RMB100 million)1, 702. 43 1, 415. 45 1, 017. 92 Number of personal accounts of enterprise annuities under the Bank s managementNote 2 (10, 000)389. 87 367. 59 341. 36 Amount of pension funds under custody (RMB100 million)9, 066. 02 7, 835. 02 5, 928. 72 Cumulative number of financial education events for the public55, 866 59, 722 22, 211 Number of people receiving financial education (10, 000)73, 744 56, 295 9, 997 Number of anti-counterfeit money education events 11, 106 5, 600 5, 600 Number of customers receiving anti-counterfeit money education (10, 000)747 1, 225 212 Number of anti-counterfeit money materials distributed (10, 000 copies)303 277 244 Number of employees trained by gender Number of employees trained by worker type Average length of employee training by gender Average length of employee training by worker typeIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Service channelsService channels Note 1 For national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties, please refer to the list of (160) national-level rural revitalisation assistance counties released by the Office of the Central Leading Group for Rural Work and the National Rural Revitalisation Administration in August 2021. Number of mobile banking customers (10, 000)25, 441 23, 518 21, 055 Transaction amount through mobile banking (RMB1 trillion)46. 73 39. 38 32. 28 Number of monthly active users of the Mobile Banking app (10, 000)7, 620. 15 7, 104. 41 6, 031. 09 Number of operating outlets in the mainland10, 312 10, 382 10, 487 Number of intelligent outlets10, 312 10, 382 10, 487 Number of ATMs 25, 166 27, 729 33, 314 Number of smart counters33, 089 32, 367 31, 960 Coverage ratio of smart counters at outlets ( )100 100 100 Number of tablet- version smart counters13, 793 10, 853 Number of outlets in national-level rural revitalisation assistance countiesNote137 34 32 Number of county-level outlets2, 948 2, 934 2, 981 Coverage ratio of county-level institutions ( )63. 13 62. 52 62. 07 Rate of 95566 call centre arrival ( )93. 45 Satisfaction of 95566 call centre service ( )99. 50 Growth rate of loans for small and micro enterprisesNote 2 ( )39. 28 33. 60 21. 43 Balance of loans for small and micro enterprises (RMB100 million)35, 602. 15 25, 560. 85 19, 131. 77 Balance of loans for small and micro enterprises as a proportion of the total balance of all loans of the Bank ( )24. 90 19. 97 16. 77 Number of small and micro enterprises to which the Bank granted loans805, 861 644, 037 497, 300 Growth rate of small and micro enterprises to which the Bank granted loans ( )25. 13 29. 51 10. 19 Balance of loans for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)Note3 (RMB100 million)51, 044. 66 42, 935. 60 37, 417. 55 Growth rate of loans for SMEs ( )18. 89 14. 75 11. 09 Balance of personal business start-up loans (RMB100 million)34. 78 26. 32 22. 73 Number of beneficiaries of personal business start-up loans17, 602 15, 458 18, 119 Balance of loans for private enterprises (RMB1 trillion)2. 92 2. 44 1. 76 Balance of loans in support of strategic emerging industries (RMB100 million)11, 220. 73 5, 215. 78 2, 222. 43 Balance of government- subsidised housing loans (RMB100 million)1, 742. 49 1, 494. 41 1, 514. 45 Loans newly extended to a variety of transportation fields (RMB100 million)4, 834 4, 686 3, 253 Balance of agriculture- related loans (RMB100 million)20, 748 17, 408 15, 185 Liquidity support provided for core enterprises in the supply chain (RMB100 million)2. 46 2. 16 Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirementsNote 1 (RMB1 million)1, 228, 283. 09 881, 502. 25 611, 661. 62 Growth rate of the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements ( )39. 34 53. 15 48. 12 2020 Supporting economic developmentSupporting economic development Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 137 136 Note 1 Inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements By the standard of the CBIRC, they refer to the loans for small and micro enterprises with a total single-account credit amount of RMB10 million or below. Governance PerformanceGovernance Performance Value creationValue creation In 2022, taking into account all factors of the directors, three independent directors and one non-executive director were added, in a way to further enhance the Board diversity. By the end of 2022, the Board of Directors of the Bank consisted of 15 members, including two female directors, which accounted for 13. 3. Independent directors did not assume any other position at the Bank, and were not subject to the influence of the Bank s substantial shareholders, de facto controller or any other institution or individual that had a major stake in the Bank. At the same time, the Bank requires in its Articles of Association that directors, who have a stake in the enterprise involved in the matter reviewed at the Board meeting, may not vote on the matter, and that resolutions made at the Board meeting shall be passed by more than half of the directors who do not have a stake in the matterNote 1. As at the end of 2022, chairmen of special committees of the Board, such as the Audit Committee, the Personnel and Remuneration Committee, and the Connected Transactions Control Committee were assumed by independent directors. Note 1 F or details, please refer to the A rticles of Association of Bank of China Limited https www. cn investor ir6 200812 t20081222 508231. html Director independenceDirector independence On- and off-balance-sheet trade financing support provided for upstream and downstream enterprises in the supply chain (RMB100 million)2. 23 1. 70 Balance of loans in support of the marine economy (RMB100 million)1, 010 708 553 Board members 15 Executive directors 4 26. 7 Non-executive directors 5 33. 3 Independent directors 6 40. 0 Male directors 13 86. 7 Female directors 2 13. 3 Directors aged below 55 2 13. 3 Directors aged 55-60 8 53. 3 Directors aged above 70 2 13. 3 Directors from the Chinese mainland11 73. 3 Directors from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan2 13. 3 Directors from other countries regions2 13. 3 Directors with work experience in economy15 100 Directors with work experience in finance15 100Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Indicator (unit) 2022 2021 2020 Total assets (RMB1 million)28, 913, 857 26, 722, 408 24, 402, 659 Operating income (RMB1 million)618, 009 605, 559 565, 531 Operating expenses (RMB1 million)333, 313 329, 428 320, 407 Total profit before income tax (RMB1 million)284, 595 276, 620 246, 378 Profit for the year (RMB1 million)237, 504 227, 339 205, 096 Return on average total assets ( )0. 85 0. 89 0. 87 Return on average equity ( )10. 81 11. 28 10. 61 Capital adequacy ratio ( )17. 52 16. 53 16. 22 Non-performing loans to total loans ( )1. 32 1. 33 1. 46 Income tax expense (RMB1 million)47, 091 49, 281 41, 282 Capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the Bank (RMB1 million)2, 427, 589 2, 225, 153 2, 038, 419 In 2022, the Bank held eight meetings of the Board of Directors in total, during which time the average attendance rate of the Board of Directors was 92, and 70 proposals were reviewed. Meanwhile, upon authorisation, committees of the Board of Directors vigorously assisted the Board of Directors in duty performance. Meetings were held in the form of onsite meeting or via written proposal. Attendance of Board meetingsAttendance of Board meetings Number of meetings attended in person number of meetings convened during term of office In 2022, the Bank organised 20 director training courses, with 63 attendees and 25. 5 hours of training per Board member. Director trainingDirector training The Bank continued to improve the information disclosure management policy system. BOC asks employees to comply with business ethics and organises learning sessions on the Code of Conduct and Measures for Handling of Employee Violations and other pertinent policies to inform staff of related management norms constantly. Meanwhile, the Bank screens abnormal behaviour of employees regularly to eliminate case risks in a timely manner. Information discourse and communication with Information discourse and communication with investorsinvestors Compliance and business ethicsCompliance and business ethics Special CommitteesDirector Chairman of CommitteeShareholders MeetingsMeetings of the Board of Directors (including meetings held via written resolutions) Incumbent Directors Liu Liange 3 3 8 8 Liu Jin 3 3 8 8 Wang Wei 3 3 7 8 Lin Jingzhen 3 3 8 8 Xiao Lihong 3 3 8 8 Wang Xiaoya 3 3 8 8 Zhang Jiangang 3 3 8 8 Chen Jianbo 3 3 8 8 Huang Binghua 2 2 6 6 Jiang Guohua 3 3 7 8 Martin Cheung Kong Liao3 3 7 8 Chui Sai Peng Jose 3 3 8 8 Ekra Jean Louis 1 2 5 5 E Weinan 1 1 4 4 Giovanni Tria 1 1 4 4 Former Directors Zhao Jie 1 1 1 1 Wang Changyun 2 2 4 4 Angela Chao 2 2 3 4 Chen Chunhua 2 2 4 4 Strategic Development CommitteeLiu Liange Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection CommitteeHuang Binghua Audit Committee Jiang Guohua Risk Policy Committee Xiao Lihong Personnel and Remuneration CommitteeChui Sai Peng Jose Connected Transactions Control CommitteeMartin Cheung Kong Liao Number of publicly disclosed documents389 388 Including Documents issued at A share market123 126 Including Chinese documents issued at H share market139 132 Including English documents issued at H share market127 130 Number of events for communication with investors405 419 Including Investor conferences held179 178 Including Investor hotlines answered125 111 Including Responses to enquiries posted on e-interaction online platform run by the SSE27 57 Including Responses to emails through the IR mailbox74 73Incumbent Directors Former DirectorsIndicator (unit) 2022 2021 139 138 BOC works hard to prevent integrity risks, resolutely punishes corruption, keeps close eyes on key areas such as credit management, non-performing loan disposal, and centralised procurement, and puts in place a sound supervision and restraint mechanism. In short, it cracks down on corruption rigorously. The Bank makes headway in the construction of a long-term anti-corruption mechanism, in which no one would dare to corrupt, is able to corrupt, or is willing to corrupt, launches the full-scale crackdown on violations of laws and disciplines, improves checks on the exercise on powers, and further enforces strict discipline. Building and spreading its excellent integrity culture that advocates aspiration, integrity, and resolution, the Bank works out concrete measures, continues to carry out warning education, holds warning education conferences that cover tier-2 institutions, announces 22 typical cases (including the serious case of He Xingxiang and other cases investigated in the Bank), and compiles and publishes typical positive and negative cases, getting all employees ideologically ready for anti-corruption. The Bank attaches great importance to the integrity building and anti-corruption supervision of overseas institutions, improving a leading mechanism for the prevention and control of integrity risks and corruption management. Overseas institutions are required to strengthen their anti- corruption efforts and risk prevention and control measures given the actual conditions in the countries and regions where they are located, while enhancing related education and supervision to promote a strong atmosphere of operational integrity and compliance. Meanwhile, the Bank also improves the integrity supervision system for overseas Clean office and anti-corruptionClean office and anti-corruption The Bank has formulated and revised the Guidelines of Bank of China Limited for Managing Letter-or-visit Matters to further improve the related working mechanism. Citizens, legal persons or other organisations can report facts and give opinions through phone calls, letters, visits, etc. All those efforts are to process letters, phone calls and visits received and listen to opinions, suggestions and appeals of related customers. The Bank also accepts letter-or-visit matters reflected by stakeholders in a real-name or anonymous way, safeguards the privacy and safety of whistleblowers, and disallows retaliation against whistleblowers in any form by anyone. In 2022, the Bank launched a series of initiatives to solidify the foundation of the letter-or-visit work. The Party committees at all levels were arranged to learn and implement the Letter-or-visit Work Rules; continuous headway was made in reducing the backlog of cases, with the timing brought forward, and moves were taken to intensify territorial management and prevent cases from the source; the internal letter-or-visit management system was put into full use, which supported information sharing, early warning against incidents and other functions, thus further digitalizing letter-or-visit management and better controlling related risk events. Safeguarding intellectual property rights (IPRs)Safeguarding intellectual property rights (IPRs) In accordance with the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People s Republic of China, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Anti-Money Laundering and Counter- Terrorist Financing by Financial Institutions, the Administrative Measures for Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing of Financial Institutions in the Banking Sector, and other AML laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, as well as with reference to the industry guidelines issued by the United Nations (the UN), the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and other international organisations, the Bank has established a set of AML policies and systems in which the Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2020) provides the guiding principles, with the Measures for Managing Institutional Self-Assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks at Bank of China Limited (Version 2021), the Measures of Bank of China Limited for Managing the Risk-oriented Customer Due Diligence (Revision 2018), the Measures of Bank of China Limited for the Management of Reporting Large-amount and Suspicious Transactions (Version 2021), and the Measures of Bank of China Limited for Sanctions Compliance Management (Version 2020) at the core. Of these, the Anti-Money Laundering, Counter- Terrorist Financing and Sanctions Compliance Policy of Bank of China Limited (Version 2020) is approved by the Board of Directors and other policies are approved by the Anti-Money Laundering Committee and bank leaders in charge. Anti-money laundering (AML)Anti-money laundering (AML) institutions, allocates more supervision resources, develops guidelines for performance of supervisions duties, increases supervision and discipline efforts, and implements various requirements for integrity building. The Bank ensures that the procurement work can follow the principle of openness, fairness, impartiality, good faith and effectiveness to assume social responsibility proactively through a host of rules and policies such as the Charter of the Centralised Procurement Management Committee of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021) and the Procurement Management Measures of Bank of China Limited (Version 2021). The selection of procurement methods shall follow the principle of being lawful, compliant, competitive and merit-based. Public tendering shall be prioritised, and the selection of single- source procurement should be adopted with prudence. The Centralised Procurement Centre takes the lead in managing green and sustainable procurement across the Bank. Specifically, it revised a host of related policies such as the Measures for Managing Challenges and Complaints from Suppliers, and the Procurement Management Measures for Overseas Institutions, and formulated a number of new documents including the Notice on Including in the Negative List the Bribers Found under the Centralised Procurement Business and the Suppliers Identified with Corruption and Other Bad Behaviors and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management of E-commerce Procurement Compliance Risk, in an effort to further streamline procurement flows, enhance procurement efficiency, strengthen procurement compliance management, and prevent control integrity risk. In this way, the black list could act as a deterrent and misbehaving suppliers could be punished more severely. In 2022, many suppliers were prohibited from participating in purchases made by the Bank. The Bank has formulated the Standards of Bank of China Limited for Integrity in Practice of Suppliers (Version 2017), which stringently bans commercial bribery, interference in procurement, secrets leakage, willful default, and other corrupt behaviors. The document is attached to the cooperation agreements signed with suppliers. Procurement practicesProcurement practices The Bank keeps improving the procurement complaints handling mechanism. Suppliers could directly send their challenge documents to the Centralised Procurement Centre of the Bank or get these documents forwarded by the disciplinary inspection and supervision departments of the Bank. The centralised procurement departments of the Bank build question response teams to take questions, investigate facts, handle related matters, and give replies regarding the matters in question. This close-looped mechanism is aimed to ensure the projects in question can be handled properly. The Bank implemented the national policies such as the Regulations on Ensuring Timely Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises and the Notices on Strengthening Support to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises, formulated the Management Measures for Payments to Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers of Bank of China (Version 2020), the Special Agreement between Bank of China Limited and Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Suppliers and the Notice on Further Strengthening the Management on Payments to Private Enterprises and Small and Medium- sized Enterprises, and concluded special agreements with SME suppliers, in a bid to optimise payment conditions and processes and ensure timely payments to SMEs. At the same time, it safeguarded the right of SME suppliers to equally participate in bids. Public or online invitation of tenders was adopted for procurement projects, in which small and micro enterprises meeting requirements all have eligibility and opportunities to bid. While proposing requirements on the basic eligibilities of qualified suppliers, the Bank did not have any requirement on the registered capital or scale of the enterprises except for a few projects with special requirements. The Bank enhances its examination of suppliers in environmental protection and social responsibility, and steps up management of suppliers in qualification, procurement, evaluation, supplier management and other links. The Bank evaluates suppliers commitments to environmental protection and social responsibility during supplier inspection and project review. In addition to the written commitments of suppliers, the Bank also investigates their environmental protection equipment and measures, labour contract signing, social security payment, office environment, labour protection measures and other conditions during the investigation of specific projects, and considers these factors in the process of review. Advance digitalised transition 17. Employee rights and benefits Core issues Important issues Core Degree of impact on stakeholders Average Core Degree of impact on BOC 12 17 16 11 10 4 1 2 3 5 6 8 9 7 22 14 13 21 19 23 20 18 15 Materiality AnalysisMateriality Analysis BOC Conducts an annual materiality analysis to understand the extent to which CSR issues of the Bank influence different stakeholder groups as well as these stakeholder groups suggestions and expectations for the Bank in performing CSRs. Step 1 Identification Step 2 Assessment Step 3 Reporting BOC identified 23 CSR issues that could impact it and its stakeholders, given its development strategies and plans with reference to industry hotspots and development trends, major national policies, as well as major CSR standards and mainstream ESG rating systems available at home and abroad, including but not limited to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards Version 2021), the MSCI ESG Ratings, and the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). Internal and external stakeholders were invited to assess CSR issues by means of filling in online questionnaires from two dimensions, that is, degree of impact on BOC and degree of impact on stakeholders. The statistics and analysis of the assessment results were used to generate a materiality analysis matrix where issues could be ranked by materiality, thus specifying key disclosures in this report. Charitable activities Field surveys and visits Community exchange activities Communication with media Regular reports and interim reports Shareholders Meeting Investor surveys Business results release Awards ceremony Regular training Corporate culture activities Web portal, WeChat official account, and microblog, etc. In 2022, BOC effectively fulfilled its responsibility as a major state-owned bank. BOC will excellently fulfill the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements in 2021-2025. In 2021-2025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB2 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. Such loans grew by 39. 34 Such customers grew by 20. 87 The balance of such loans totaled RMB1. 23 trillion BOC focused on inclusive financial needs of small and micro enterprises. The Bank propelled the development of the real economy by offering quality and efficient inclusive financial services, optimised the supply of financial services for small and micro enterprises, and supported new citizens diverse financial needs in a wide range of areas such as business startup, employment, housing, and consumption. Meanwhile, it improved agriculture-related products and services, developed county finance, expedited digitalised operation of inclusive finance, and enriched the lineup of online inclusive financial products. The BOC e-Enterprise cross-border matchmaking service platform was established to help small and micro enterprises well integrate into the pattern of development featuring the positive interplay between domestic and international flows, as part of its efforts to make financial services more inclusive and accessible. Green financeGreen finance BOC will provide no less than RMB1 trillion of financial support for green industries in 2021-2025, with the balance of green creditNote 1 going up year by year. BOC will tighten credit control over the brown industriesNote 2 in 2021-2025. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. The periodic target was overfulfilled, and the balance of green credit exceeded RMB1, 987. 2 billion (by the standard of the CBIRC) in 2022, including new credit of RMB578. 6 billion and representing an increase of RMB1, 090. 4 billion from the end of the 13th Five- Year Plan period YoY growth rate of domestic green credit balance across the Bank (by the standard of the CBIRC) reached 41. 08 YoY growth rate exceeded 60 The proportion of credit to brown industries in corporate loans kept going down and fell below 10 No new financing for new coal mining projects and new coal power projects outside of China BOC implemented the strategy of green development, aimed to become the preferred bank for green financial services, optimised the green finance governance framework, improved policy support for green finance, and promoted the sound and rapid development of green finance businesses such as stock, bond, loan, investment, insurance and leasing. While integrating the green development concept into its risk management and daily operations, the Bank got actively involved in international cooperation for green development, and marched towards the realisation of the dual carbon goal. Spearheaded by the green concepts, BOC will be dedicated to developing green finance. BOC will better balance development and security, step up efforts to transmit comprehensive risk management concepts, policies, and systems, intensify the closed-loop risk management that involves research and assessment, investigation, stress testing, contingency plan, risk disposal, and post-evaluation, build a safety net for comprehensive risk management, and improve the risk management system that is aligned with the Group s strategies continuously. BOC will focus on improving the matching degree between financial supply and the real economy, and better supporting key areas and weak links. Aligned with the regional development strategies of the State, the Bank will better play a leading role in key regions, promote the sharing of resources such as customers, talents, projects, and experiences, and help solve the problems of unbalanced and inadequate development. BOC will build a customer-centric management service system, put in place a customer satisfaction feedback mechanism, examine its work by taking into account what customers think and need and how they experience, and optimise its products and services in a timely manner. Focused on areas closely related to people s well-being such as social security, medical care, and housing, the Bank will promote the integration of financial and non-financial development, accelerate the construction of four strategic scenarios, that is, cross-border business, education, sports, and elderly care, in an effort to improve people s sense of fulfillment and happiness. Enthusiastic about public-interest undertakings, it will cooperate with more stakeholders to participate in and support public benefit activities. About the Report About the ReportAbout the Report The Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited ( BOC, the Bank, or we ) and all its members warrant that this report contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and jointly and severally accept full responsibility for the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information in this notice. This is the 16th CSR report released by BOC consecutively. This report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Guide of the Shanghai Stock Exchange to Self-discipline Regulation of Companies Listed on SSE by Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Opinions on Strengthening the Corporate Social Responsibility of Banking Institutions, the Guidelines of China Banking Association on the Corporate Social Responsibility, as well as the Guidance of International Organisation for Standardisation on Social Responsibility (ISO 26000), the Sustainability Reporting Guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards 2021 version), the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures and the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations. This report follows the reporting principles set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Materiality This report discloses the materiality assessment made in 2022 in the section of Responsibility Management, which includes the processes and methods used to identify environment, social, and corporate governance (ESG) topics; the stakeholder surveys; the materiality matrix of ESG topics generated given the surveying findings; the stakeholders identified and their engagement and expectations for the Bank. The materiality analysis processes and results, along with other parts of this report, are submitted to the Board of Directors of the Bank for hearing, review, and adoption. Quantitative The standards and sources of conversion factors used in the calculation of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and energy consumption are disclosed in the Environmental Performance section of the ESG Key Performance part in this report. Consistency The methodology used to measure KPIs in this report is consistent with that adopted in previous years. Data basisData basis GuaranteeGuarantee Disclosure formatDisclosure format Reader s feedbackReader s feedback The financial data contained in the report is based on the 2022 financial report independently audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP. Other data is based on the reports of 2022 and the reports of previous years as well. The monetary amount mentioned herein is denominated in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP assumes the liability for qualified assurance services on selected key data disclosed in the report and issues an independent assurance report. The report will be issued in printed and electronic formats. Assurance StatementAssurance Statement 2023 SH -0164 (Page1 3) English Translation for Reference Only Independent practitioner s assurance report To the Board of Directors of Bank of China Limited We have been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the selected 2022 key data as defined below in the 2022 Social Responsibility Report ( SR Report ) of Bank of China Limited (the Bank ). Criteria The criteria used by the Bank to prepar e the selected key data in the 2022 SR R eport is set out in the basis of reporting of the key data (the basis of reporting ) after this assurance report. SH -0164 (Page2 3) Management s Responsibilities The Management of the B ank is responsible for the preparation of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report in accordance with the basis of reporting. This responsibility includes designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the prepar ation of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Our Independence and Quality Management We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirement of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, impleme nt and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Practitioner s Responsibilities It is our responsibili ty to express a conclusion on the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report based on our work. We conducted our work in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. This standard requires that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion. The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance en gagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our work involves assessing the risks of material misstatement of the selected key data in the 2022 SR Report, whether due to fraud 151 150 Assurance Statement Number of employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Number of female employees (person) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of female employees in the Bank (excluding non-financial institutions) at the end of the reporting period, including contract employees and dispatched employees. Percentage of female mid-to-senior-level managers ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of middle and senior female management to the total number of middle and senior management in the Head Office and branches of the Bank at the end of the reporting period. Execution of employment contracts ( ) The term disclosed herein refers to the proportion of employees who signed employment contracts with the Bank as a percentage of the total number of employees employed at the end of the reporting period. Number of occupational injury cases (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the number of occupational injury cases that occurred in the Head office of the Bank and directly affiliated institutions in Beijing without independent licenses during the reporting period. Participation in training (person-times) The term disclosed herein refers to the total person-times of employees of the Head Office, domestic branches and domestic comprehensive operations of the Bank who participated in training during the reporting period. Balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements (RMB1 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of small and micro enterprise loans counted by the Bank according to the caliber of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission at the end of the reporting period, that is, the balance of small and micro enterprise loans with a total credit line of less than 10 million yuan (inclusive) (including the balance of small and micro enterprise loans, the balance of individual industrial and commercial loans, and the balance of small and micro business owners, excluding the balance of bill discounting and rediscounting business). Balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (RMB 100 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated at the end of the reporting period invested by the Bank in industries, including energy conservation and environmental protection, clean production, clean energy industry, ecological environment, green upgrading of infrastructure, green services, overseas projects adopting international practices or standards, green trade financing and green consumption financing. Balance of government-sponsored student loans (RMB1 million) The term disclosed herein refers to the balance of loans by the end of the reporting period granted by the Bank to eligible students from low-income families in universities affiliated to the central government (including branch campuses) and local universities to pay the basic expenses of their study and living in school. Donations (RMB1 million) TThe term disclosed herein refers to the total amount of donations made by the Group through government departments, legally established charities and other public charitable organizations eligible for pre-tax deduction of philanthropic contributions. Total water consumption (m3) The term disclosed herein refers to the total water consumption of the Head Office of the Bank in Beijing during the reporting period, including the water consumption of the Head Office Building, Heishanhu Office Area, Haiying Building Office Area, Xijiaominxiang Office Area and Shangdi Office Area. Number of video conferences (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of video meetings held by the Head Office and institutions in Beijing of the Bank during the reporting period. Paper conservation (tons) The term disclosed herein refers to the amount of paper saved by the Head Office of the Bank, data center and office in Beijing during the reporting period. Number of operating outlets in the mainland (number) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of operating institutions in the Bank (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas branches) that had been approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, including head offices, primary branches, directly affiliated branches, secondary branches, sub-branches and branches at the end of the reporting period. Customer complaints throughout the year (10, 000) The term disclosed herein refers to the total number of omni- channel complaints obtained by the Head Office of the Bank, branches and credit card centers (excluding integrated operating companies) through official websites, mobile banking and credit card mobile clients, business outlets, government agencies, regulatory authorities and other channels at the end of the reporting period. The extent of procedures selected depends on our judgment and assessment of the engagement risk. Within the scope of our work, we have performed the following procedures in the Head Offic e of the Bank. We have not conducted work in other branches. Interviews with relevant departments of the Bank involved in providing information for the selected key data within the SR Report; and 2) Analytical procedure s; 3) Examination, on a test basis, of documentary evidence relating to the selected key data on which we report; 4) Recalculation; and 5) Other procedures deemed necessary. Inherent Limitation The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non -financial information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between entities. Conclusion Based on the procedures performed and evidence obtained, nothing has come t o our attention that causes us to believe that the 2022 selected key data in the 2022 SR Report is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the basis of reporting. Restriction on Use Our report has been prepared for and only for the board of directors of the Bank and for no other purpose. PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP Shanghai, China March 28, 2023 153 Indexes 152 General DisclosuresGeneral Disclosures GRI 2 General Disclosures 2021Disclosure 2-1 Organizational details 10 146-147 Disclosure 2-2 Entities included in the organization s sustainability reporting146 Disclosure 2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point146-147 Disclosure 2-4 Restatements of information 146-147 Disclosure 2-5 External assurance 148-152 Disclosure 2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships10 141 Disclosure 2-7 Employees 130-131 Disclosure 2-8 Workers who are not employees 94 131 Disclosure 2-9 Governance structure and composition 119 136-137 Disclosure 2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body119-120 136-137 Disclosure 2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts48 120 Disclosure 2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts48-49 119-120 Disclosure 2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting120 Disclosure 2-15 Conflicts of interest Please refer to the Annual Report Disclosure 2-16 Communication of critical concerns 48-49 56 120-123 Disclosure 2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body64 127 137 Disclosure 2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance bodyPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-19 Remuneration policies95, Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-20 Process to determine remuneration95, Please refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-21 Annual total compensation ratioPlease refer to the Annual Report and the Articles of Association Disclosure 2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategyPreface, 11 Disclosure 2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts53-57 90 138 Disclosure 2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns90 138 147 Disclosure 2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations 100 128-133 138 Disclosure 2-28 Membership associations 63 Disclosure 2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement 140-141 Disclosure 2-30 Collective bargaining agreements 100 IndexesIndexes Statement of Use GRI 1 used The Bank of China has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2022 (with some exceptions) with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI 1 Foundation 2021 GRI Standard Disclosure Location Global Reporting Initiative Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Reporting Guidelines Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI Universal Standards 2021)(GRI Universal Standards 2021) Statement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental DataStatement of Greenhouse Gas and Environmental Data 155 154 Indexes Material TopicsMaterial Topics GRI 3 Material Topics 2021Disclosure 3-1 Process to determine material topics 140-141 Disclosure 3-2 List of material topics 140 Economic PerformanceEconomic Performance GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 53-57 100 116-127 GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016Disclosure 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed135-136 142-143 Disclosure 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change53-57 Disclosure 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans100-102 Indirect Economic ImpactsIndirect Economic Impacts GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 16-43 GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016Disclosure 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported16-43 58-62 Disclosure 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 16-43 58-62 Procurement PracticesProcurement Practices GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 204 Procurement Practices 2016Disclosure 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 139 Anti-corruptionAnti-corruption GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 118 126-127 138 GRI 205 Anti-corruption 2016Disclosure 205-2 Communication and training about anti- corruption policies and procedures138 Disclosure 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken138 MaterialsMaterials GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 GRI 301 Materials 2016Disclosure 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 130 Disclosure 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials130 EnergyEnergy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 128-129 GRI 302 Energy 2016Disclosure 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization128-129 Disclosure 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization128-129 Disclosure 302-3 Energy intensity 129 Disclosure 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 128-129 Disclosure 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services128-129 Water and EffluentsWater and Effluents GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 130 GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018Disclosure 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource130 Disclosure 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts130 Disclosure 303-5 Water consumption 130 GRI Standard Disclosure Location BiodiversityBiodiversity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 57 GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016Disclosure 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity57 EmissionsEmissions GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 GRI 305 Emissions 2016Disclosure 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 129 Disclosure 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 129 Disclosure 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 129 Disclosure 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 67 129 WasteWaste GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 66-67 130 GRI 306 Waste 2020Disclosure 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste- related impacts130 Disclosure 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impact130 Disclosure 306-3 Waste generated 130 Supplier Environmental AssessmentSupplier Environmental Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016Disclosure 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken139 EmploymentEmployment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 94-95 100-101 GRI 401 Employment 2016Disclosure 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 130-131 Disclosure 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or parttime employees100-102 Occupational Health and SafetyOccupational Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 100-102 GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018Disclosure 403-3 Occupational health services 100-102 Disclosure 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety100-102 Disclosure 403-6 Promotion of worker health 100-102 Disclosure 403-9 Work-related injuries 131 Disclosure 403-10 Work-related ill health 100-102 Training and EducationTraining and Education GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 95-99 GRI 404 Training and Education 2016Disclosure 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee134 Disclosure 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs95-99 Diversity and Equal OpportunityDiversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 120 131 GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016Disclosure 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees121 130-131 136 GRI Standard Disclosure Location 157 156 Indexes GRI Standard Disclosure Location Non-discriminationNon-discrimination GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 94 131 GRI 406 Non-discrimination 2016Disclosure 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken94 131 Child LaborChild Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 131 Forced or Compulsory LaborForced or Compulsory Labor GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 131 Local Communities Local Communities GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 28-30 103-113 GRI 413 Local Communities 2016Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs28-30 103-113 Supplier Social AssessmentSupplier Social Assessment GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 139 GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment 2016Disclosure 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria139 Disclosure 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken139 Customer Health and SafetyCustomer Health and Safety GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 84-88 Marketing and LabelingMarketing and Labeling GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 88-89 132 GRI 417 Marketing and Labeling 2016Disclosure 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling132 Customer PrivacyCustomer Privacy GRI 3 Material Topics 2021 Disclosure 3-3 Management of material topics 88-90 133 Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting GuideEnvironmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchangeof Hong Kong Stock Exchange Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location of Disclosure A. Environment Aspect A1 Emissions General Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. KPI A1. 5Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A1. 6Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 3Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 4Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. KPI A2. 5Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. KPI A4. 1Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social Employment and Labour Practices Employment and Labour Practices Aspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti- discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. KPI B2. 1Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. KPI B2. 3Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. KPI B5. 2Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 3Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. KPI B5. 4Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B6 Product ResponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. Not applicable KPI B6. 2Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. KPI B6. 5Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Aspect B7 Anti- corruptionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. KPI B7. 2Description of preventive measures and whistle- blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. CommunityCommunity Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. KPI B8. 2Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Location of Disclosure 161 160 Indexes TCFD Recommended Disclosures Location of Disclosure or Direct Explanation Governance Disclosure of the organization s governance around climate-related risks and opportunitiesGovernance Disclosure of the organization s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities a) Description of board s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities48 b) Description of management s role in assessing and managing climate- related risks and opportunities48 Strategy Disclosure of the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s Strategy Disclosure of the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy, and financial planningbusinesses, strategy, and financial planning a) Description of climate-related risks and opportunities identified by the organization over the short, medium and long term53-55 b) Description of impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization s businesses, strategy and financial planning50-67 128-130 143 c) Description of the resilience of the organization s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios50-67 143 Risk management Disclosure of the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related Risk management Disclosure of the processes used by the organization to identify, assess, and manage climate-related risksrisks a) Description of the organization s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks53-57 b) Description of the organization s processes for managing climate- related risks53-57 c) Description of how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization s overall risk management53-57 Metrics and Targets Disclosure of the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and Metrics and Targets Disclosure of the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunitiesopportunities a) Disclosure of the metrics used by the organization to assess climate- related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process53-57 128-130 b) Disclosure of Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks129 c) Description of the targets used by the organization to manage climate- related risks and opportunities and performance against targets48-67 Task Force on Climate-Related Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Index Financial Disclosure (TCFD) IndexTCFD Recommended Disclosures Location of Disclosure or Direct Explanation Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) Principle 1 AlignmentPrinciple 1 Alignment We will align our business strategy to be consistent with and contribute to individuals needs and society s goals, as expressed in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks. Business Model Describe (high-level) your bank s business model, including the main customer segments served, types of products and services provided, the main sectors and types of activities, and where relevant the technologies financed across the main geographies in which your bank has operations or provides products and services. As China s most globalized and integrated bank, Bank of China has institutions across the Chinese mainland as well as 62 countries and regions. By the end of 2022, the Bank had established 10, 312 outlets in China, and overseas institutions in 62 countries and regions all over the world, including 42 countries under the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). The Bank recorded mobile banking customers of 254 million. The balance of green credit in the Chinese mainland denominated (according to CBIRC standard) was equivalent to RMB1, 987. 2 billion, up 41. 08 year-on-year. Green bond business remained in a leading position in the market. RMB25. 746 billion of national student loans was granted to help over 1. 8 million students in financial difficulties to complete their studies. Nearly 56, 000 special education and publicity activities on consumer protection were held in 2022, reaching 737 million consumers. More than 220 public-benefit fundraising activities were held through the BOC Philanthropy platform, raising RMB44, 789, 000 from 682, 600 donations More than RMB79 million in assistance funds and RMB700 million in credit funds were invested in the four counties of Xianyang City, and the Bank introduced RMB210 million in investment to the counties in 2022. In 2022, a total of RMB187 million of agricultural products from the areas lifted out of poverty was purchased and sold, directly benefiting nearly 500, 000 people. Strategic consistency In your bank s corporate strategy, will sustainability be identified as a strategic priority and indicated? The sustainable development philosophy was fully integrated into a series of policies such as the Outline of Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Long-range Objectives through the Year 2035 of Bank of China, Green Finance Programme of Bank of China for the 14th Five-Year Plan Period and Action Plan of Bank of China for Serving CO2 Emissions Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Goals, with the aim to contributing more to the high-quality development of national economy, society and environment. The Bank participated in green and ESG initiatives and mechanisms such as PRB and TCFD and actively supported the implementation of the UN s SDGs and the Paris Climate Agreement. Principle 2 Impact & Target SettingPrinciple 2 Impact & Target Setting We will continuously increase our positive impacts while reducing the negative impacts on, and managing the risks to, people and environment resulting from our activities, products and services. To this end, we will set and publish targets where we can have the most significant impacts. Impact Analysis Show that your bank has conducted an impact analysis on investment portfolios, and identified the areas of most significant impact and the areas for which objectives are set on a priority basis. Reporting and Self-assessment Requirements Reporting and Self-assessment Requirements for the UN s for the UN s Principles for Responsible BankingPrinciples for Responsible Banking Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response 163 162 Indexes Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) 2. 2 Target Setting Show that your bank has set and published a minimum of two targets, which address at least two of the identified areas of most significant impact in the impact analysis. BOC will excellently fulfill the balance of inclusive financial loans meeting the two increases and two controls assessment requirements in 2021-2025. 2. In 2021-2025, the growth rate of inclusive financial loans and customers will meet the relevant regulatory requirements. The balance of inclusive loans for small and micro enterprises will cross the RMB2 trillion mark by 2025. BOC will become the mainstay of serving inclusive financial customer groups. BOC will provide no less than RMB1 trillion of financial support for green industries in 2021-2025, with the balance of green credit going up year by year. BOC will tighten credit control over the brown industries in 2021- 2025. 4. BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. In 2022, the balance of inclusive finance loans for small and micro enterprises grew by 39. 34. The number of the loan customers rose by 20. 87. Their balance stood at RMB1. 23 trillion, meeting annual expectations. The balance of green credit was RMB1, 987. 2 billion (by the standard of the CBIRC) in 2022, overfulfilling the target. The green consumer credit balance in the Chinese mainland grew at a YoY pace faster than 60. The proportion of corporate credit to brown industries continued to drop below 10. Throughout the year, no financing was provided for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China, meeting expectations. Principle 3 Clients & CustomersPrinciple 3 Clients & Customers We will work responsibly with our clients and our customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future generations. Customer participation Describe how your bank has worked with and or is planning to work with its clients and customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable sustainable economic activities. In 2022, the Bank compiled the BOC Green Handbook of Financial Products and Services in both English and Chinese, further publicized green finance products and services and better served the diversified needs of customers. The Bank integrated green and environmental protection philosophies into daily service and operation, created green lobbies, and installed smart LED screens to support the unified release of publicity information in outlets and intelligent display. As the only official banking partner of the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, BOC became carbon neutral in providing financial services for the event. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) 3. 2 Business opportunities Describe the strategic business opportunities identified by your bank to increase positive impacts and reduce negative impacts and or how to tackle them during the reporting period. In terms of inclusive finance, the Bank continuously enriched the lineup of online inclusive financial products, launched the integrated service platform for inclusive financial customers, and innovated the overall plan of I SMART-Digital Inclusive Finance Service. The Agriculture, Culture and Tourism Loan inclusive financial services programme was created to promote the integrated development of primary, secondary, and tertiary industries in rural areas. The Seed Industry Loan, Agricultural Machinery Loan, and other service schemes were rolled out to increase financing support for key areas such as the grain industry chain and agricultural modernization. In terms of green finance, the Bank created the One Mainstay, Two Engines pattern with domestic commercial banking services as the business mainstay, gave full play to the Group s advantages in globalized and integrated operation, and promoted the sound and rapid development of green finance businesses such as stock, bond, loan, investment, insurance and leasing. At the same time, the Bank kept optimizing the structure of brown industries, and followed the one-ballot veto rule for environmental protection. It didn t provide credit support for the projects failing to pass relevant standards such as national environmental impact assessment standard, and the customers and projects engaging in deforestation of natural forests against regulations, causing damage to biodiversity and poaching wildlife. Local environmental protection laws and regulations were strictly observed during project construction. It strictly fulfilled its commitment that BOC will no longer provide financing for new coal mining and coal power projects outside of China from the fourth quarter of 2021 onwards, except for the projects already contracted. Principle 4 StakeholdersPrinciple 4 Stakeholders We will proactively and responsibly consult, engage and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve society s goals. Identification of and consultation with stakeholders Describe which stakeholders (or groups types of stakeholders) your bank has consulted, engaged, collaborated or partnered with for the purpose of implementing these Principles and improving your bank s impacts. The Bank maintained unobstructed channels for communication with stakeholders in different areas and categories such as the state, customers, shareholders, environment, communities and employees, regularly conducted materiality analysis, invited internal and external stakeholders to assess the social responsibility topics identified through online questionnaires, and understood the extent to which CSR issues of the Bank influence different stakeholder groups as well as their suggestions and expectations for the Bank in performing CSRs. The Bank strengthened communication and better maintained relations with key investment institutions and actively communicated its investment value. Governance Structure for Implementing the Principles for Responsible Banking Describe the relevant governance structures, policies and procedures your bank has in place is planning to put in place to manage significant positive and negative (potential) impacts and support effective implementation of the Principles. This framework operates smoothly owing to a clear division of duties. All special committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors have performed their duties and functioned effectively, thereby laying a solid foundation for the long-term steady operation of the Bank. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response 165 164 Indexes Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) The Bank gives full play to the organizational management role of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management in the field of green finance, maintains the three-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors, the Senior Management and professional teams. The Board of Directors (or its special committee) is responsible for reviewing and approving the green finance development plan as well as the green finance targets set by the Senior Management and the green finance reports submitted by it. At the same time, it also supervises and evaluates the implementation of the green finance development plan at the Bank. The Green Finance Committee is responsible for the overall management and professional decision-making of the Group s green financial work, and is chaired by the bank leader in charge of the risk management department. The Bank has further improved the personnel appraisal mechanism for green finance, introduced green finance indicators to the senior management personnel appraisal and linked appraisal results with salary distribution. The Strategic Development Committee regularly reviewed green finance strategies and their implementation. The Corporate Culture and Consumer Protection Committee regularly reviewed the Bank s ESG-related development plans, policies and reports. The Bank conducted 20 training sessions for board members throughout the year, with directors participation of 63 person-times and an average of 25. 5 hours for each member. In terms of green finance, the Bank constantly ramped up team building efforts, cultivated professionals, and conducted research on green finance subject. It also participated in the formulation of green finance standards, raised all employees awareness of green finance subjects, laid an intelligent foundation for green development and built a responsible banking culture covering all employees. Policies and Due Diligence Process Describe the due diligence process that your bank has to identify and manage the environmental and social risks in investment portfolios. The due diligence covered 13 aspects such as ESG risk assessment and management system, labor and working conditions, and pollution prevention & control. The Bank terminated the approval process relating to the customers or projects for which no due diligence on ESG risks was conducted. It reviewed ESG compliance risks. The Bank focused on review of customers with medium and high risks during credit review and approval. For the customers (projects) that may have significant impacts on social stability and public interest, the Bank conducted adequate assessment of the ESG risks associated with them. Contents Reference(s) Link(s) High-level summary of bank s response Contents High-level summary of bank s response Reference(s) Link(s) In the aspects of risk monitoring and reporting, the Bank regularly monitored the risk exposure to the brown industries and its share given the preset portfolio and industry-level indicators, and sent the assessment results to the Risk Policy Committee under the Board of Directors through the group-wide risk report. Principle 6 Transparency & AccountabilityPrinciple 6 Transparency & Accountability We will periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent about and accountable for our positive and negative impacts and our contribution to society s goals. AssuranceEvery year, the Bank invites a professional third-party assurance agency to conduct independent assurance of some key data (ESG) in the CSR report, enhancing the credibility and reliability of information in the report. Focused on areas closely related to people s well-being such as social security, medical care, and housing, the Bank will promote the integration of financial and non-financial development, accelerate the construction of four strategic scenarios, that is, cross-border business, education, sports, and elderly care, in an effort to improve people s sense of fulfillment and happiness. Spearheaded by the green concepts, BOC will be dedicated to developing green finance. BOC will better balance development and security, step up efforts to transmit comprehensive risk management concepts, policies, and systems, and improve the risk management system that is aligned with the Group s strategies continuously. 