Incorpor ated in Hong Kong with limit ed liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportEnvironmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j8 52-2360-9722 j8 52-2874-0280 jwww. cn CONTENTS About this Report 2 Foreword 4 Overview of 2023 sustainable development 6 Major awards and honors 9 ESG ESG management structure and the board statement 11 Water resources management 14 Targets setting and review mechanism 15 Communication with stakeholders 17 Identification of material issues 19 (I) Product health and food safety 21 (II) Product and technological innovation 28 (III) Advocating rational drinking and responsible marketing and promotion 31 (IV) Customer services and privacy protection 35 (V) Supply chain management 42 (VI) Promoting governance and integrity 48 (I) Equal employment 56 (II) Staff remuneration and benefit 57 (III) Staff management 59 (IV) Staff communication and care 63 (V) Staff training and development 67 (VI) Occupational health and safety production 75 (I) Supervision system on environmental governance 83 (II) Green and low-carbon development 89 (III) Risks and opportunities of climate change 106 (IV) Water resources management and sewage treatment 110 (V) Packaging material and waste treatment 116 (VI) Protection of ecosystem and biodiversity 125 (VII) Education of environmental protection 126 (I) Supporting employment and revitalizing rural areas 127 (II) Dedication to community investment and education promotion 128 (III) Building CR Hope Town 129 (IV) Green Finance 129 Verification Statement 130 C2 Index of contents according to the ESG reporting guide of Hong Kong Stock Exchange set out in the appendix C2 of the main board rules governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited132 About this Report Foreword Environmental, Social and Governance System Chapter 1 Products and Operating Practices Verification Statement Appendix Chapter 2 Care for Staff Chapter 3 Environmental Protection Chapter 4 Social Responsibility ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT2 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED C2 (Global Reporting Initiative, GRI) GRI 2021 The Group has commenced materiality assessment during the reporting period, under which our report preparation team works with key stakeholders to identify material issues so as to confirm the disclosable information and details of each issue. The identification process and updated analysis results have been presented in the section headed Identification of Material Issues. Each department of the Group coordinates to collect and record the key performance data regarding the environment and the society in hope of presenting the Group s performance in the environmental and social key performance indicators ( KPIs ) through quantified data. Part of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented, as the figures presented are rounded, but the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. The Group describes each issue in an accurate, objective and fair manner and discloses both positive and negative information of the Group during the reporting period to ensure balance of the content and help readers to reasonably assess the overall performance of the Group. Materiality Balance Quantitative Consistency ABOUT THIS REPORT OVERVIEW OF THE REPORT This report is the annual environmental, social and governance report (the Report ) published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (the Company or CR Beer, and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the disclosure of relevant information of the Group from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (the reporting period, FY2023, or 2023 ). BASIS OF PREPARATION The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide under Appendix C2 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and with reference to the Sustainable Development Report Guide of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) (the GRI standards 2021 ). cn SCOPE OF THE REPORT Unless otherwise specified, the policies, cases and data of the Report mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. This year s ESG report covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2023. On 10 January 2023 (the Completion Date ), the Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ), and Guizhou Jinsha has become an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group since the Completion Date and was under the management of CRWH s baijiu business segment. As a result, the information of Guizhou Jinsha in 2023 has been collected, reviewed and included in the reporting scope of this year s ESG report in accordance with the relevant systems, but the information for the same period in 2022 cannot be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. PURPOSE OF THE REPORT This is the eighth annual Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG ) report officially published by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited. The purpose of our Report is to communicate transparently with stakeholders about the Company s commitment to fulfill its social responsibilities, and focuses on disclosing the relevant content of the Group s performance on sustainable ESG development in 2023 in responses to material issues concerned by stakeholders. PROCESS OF PREPARATION The Report has established systematic reporting procedures with reference to the Listing Rules. Relevant information is then collected and reviewed from various departments. All information comes from formal documents, statistical reports, financial reports and Shared Service Centers of the Company for statistical analysis and preparation of the Report. VERSIONS OF THE REPORT The Report is available in Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese and English versions on our website www. FEEDBACK If you have any questions or suggestions on the Report and its contents, please feel free to contact us via the following. cn For identification purpose(s) only 4 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG FOREWORD ESG MANAGEMENT APPROACH AND STRATEGIES The Group has always upheld the mission of leading industrial development, brewing a better life and committed to provide consumers with products and experiences which exceed expectation, to help build career and family for our employees, to empower our co- operative partners and to generate long-term returns to our shareholders. In the future, the Company will focus on product premiumization, brand diversification and internationalization and will strive to become an industrial-leading, international and green brewery enterprise which has earned consumers trust and is the pride of our staff. CR Beer proactively advances the strategic development of Winning at Premiumization, firmly implements the vision of becoming the leader of the new world of the beer industry, continuously consolidates core competitiveness, and promotes product premiumization. The Group also explores the baijiu market and firmly promotes the dual empowerment model of beer baijiu businesses and baijiu baijiu mutual growth. As the saying goes, never forget the source when you drink water, we are deeply aware that every progress and achievement of the Group is closely related to our sense of responsibility to our stakeholders, which has gradually become the cornerstone for the healthy development of our businesses. The Group s beer business actively diversifies its product portfolio of domestic brands international brands, offering high-quality beer, and advocates rational drinking, green consumption and healthy lifestyle. In addition, the Group maintains its investment in brand building that is above the industry level, constructs various beer consumption scenarios, attracts more young consumers by providing creative consumption experiences, to enhance premium beer brand image. The Group cares about the physical and mental health as well as career development of our employees, and strives to create conditions to build a happy, harmonious and warm working environment. The Group attaches great importance to safe production, always adheres to the occupational health and safety work management concept of people-oriented, safe development, and pursues the direction of zero injury, zero accident to implement management details. The Group is committed to promoting the healthy development of China s beer and baijiu industrial chain. For this purpose, we have been actively empowering upstream suppliers and downstream channel partners. Through strategic actions such as establishing star- rated supplier system, revitalizing domestic barley cultivation and supporting Jinsha red sorghum cultivation, and building premium key customers platform, we lead suppliers and channel partners to grow together and build a new world of the industries. The Group incorporates green and low-carbon development into its corporate development strategy and continues to promote the development of green factories. In 2023, the Group officially initiated the construction of Carbon-neutral Plant and expected to complete the construction for at least two Carbon-neutral Plants and obtained the certification by the end of 2024, to respond to the state s carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality policy. As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group cares about the society and is enthusiastic about public welfare. The sense of responsibility and mission of Brewing a Better Life has been integrated into our corporate culture and into every detail of our work. ESG ESG On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Non-executive Directors and two Non-executive Directors of the Group visited Dongguan Factory, the ESG management of which was highly recognized. ESG 26 ESG ESG More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders were invited to rank the materiality of ESG areas for the year, with 26 ESG topics being selected as most relevant to the Company's ESG management. ESG Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency has performed a limited assurance engagement on the disclosures stated in the ESG Report of CR Beer for the second consecutive year. Commission for Discipline Inspection held two company-wide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 management-level employees; held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. Social FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 The quality and food safety management system of the Group passed a total of 95 international systems certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, HACCP, etc. The research and development investment has amounted to RMB214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 people, and the number of invention patents recorded a year-on- year increase of 175. 11 87 Benefiting from the continuous improvement of product quality, the number of complaints received about defective beer products decreased significantly by 11 year-on-year; the customer satisfaction survey score for defective product complaint handling improved to 87 points. All beer and baijiu products passed both ex-factory quality tests and the spot tests under national supervision. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Social 266. 5 During the reporting period, the Group s total funds for social welfare undertakings (including equivalent amount of donation in-kind) amounted to RMB2. 665 million. The Group actively supports green finance and participated Mitsubishi UFJ Bank s Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB120, 000, 000 during the reporting period. The Group takes Zero Injury, Zero Incident as its management target and has set up a safe production target of zero work-related fatalities, and the number of work-related fatalities has been zero for four consecutive years. ISO45001 61 plants have passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety Standardization, and 27 plants have obtained ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system certification. Approximately 426 thousand hours of safety education and training were provided, covering 53, 215 employees and 23, 799 suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related parties. suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as non-compliance with social responsibilities. Cooperations with 44 suppliers were proactively terminated and blacklisted by the Group after review. ISO45001 18001 424 HACCP ISO 9001 547 core suppliers of production materials have been reviewed, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certifications in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO45001 18001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certifications in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO9001 or equivalent standards. Digital coverage rate increased to 56, the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources ticketing service improved by 37. Environmental 9 5 9 plants were awarded with the title of Provincial Green Plant, of which 5 plants were also awarded with the title of National Green Plant. TCFD 1 2 A climate scenario analysis was conducted in accordance based on TCFD recommendation and two most significant physical risks were identified, including 1) water scarcity; 2) extreme heat, which help integrate climate-related opportunities and risk factors into the Group s overall strategy. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Environmental 1 2 806 5. 2 1 2 13 The total greenhouse gas emission (scope 1 2) was 806 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent, decreasing by 5. 2 year-on-year. Regardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group s beer business recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2). The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit of beer business was 0. 0193 tonnes of standard coal per kilolitre output (or 157. 4 kWh per kilolitre output), decreasing by 0. 6 year-on-year. EHS Two indicators were added into the EHS Responsibility Statement carbon emissions (Scope 1 Scope 2) per unit of output, and the ratio of clean energy to total electricity consumption. plants participated in the purchase of green electricity, and some of which have achieved 100 green electricity usage. The cumulative use of green electricity in the beer business accounted for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption, and the long-term goal thereof is to exceed 15. 38 13. 2 3, 517 38 plants have equipped with biogas boilers, converting about 132, 000 tonnes of steam for production energy use in plants and saving about RMB35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. plants have set up photovoltaic power generation and energy storage which are of a total installed capacity of 22. 5 megawatt and the Group has recorded usage of approximately 8. 69 million kWh during the year. The Group is promoting photovoltaic project cooperation with the first batch of 24 plants. Green logistics increased the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in long-distance freight transportation, achieving emission reduction of 11, 940 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent. Green office replaced 104, 938 meetings from offline to online and reduced number offline reimbursement bills by 15, 538. 100 Circular economy 100 recycling rate of spent grains, spent yeasts and spent yeast grass. Green packaging Among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials, and the green packaging procurement rate of bottles caps and cartons has reached 100. 5. 97 106. 9 4, 488 New glass bottles procured by the Group decreased by 5. 97 year-on-year, while 10. 69 billion glass bottles were recycled, with a decrease in use of glass of approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes throughout the year. SO 2) (NOX) 8. 6 10. 2 Sulphur dioxide (SO2) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) emission decreased by 8. 6 and 10. 2, respectively, over last year. plants were awarded with the title of provincial Water-saving Benchmarking Enterprise, and Wuhan Plant was awarded with the title of national Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, which marks the highest honor in domestic manufacturing sector. The amount of new water used and groundwater withdrawal decreased by 1. 9 and 27. 8 year-on-year, respectively, and the groundwater consumption intensity per unit decreased by 24. 1 year-on-year. plants had implemented negotiated discharging limit with municipal sewage treatment facilities. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report MAJOR AWARDS AND HONORS Award and Recognition Awarded OrganizationIssuing AuthorityNature 2023 Environmental Social and Governance Awards 2023 China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited CAPITAL Market performance 2023 ESG 2023 Forbes China ESG Innovative Enterprise Selection China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited Forbes China Market performance The 20th China Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Star-level Workplace China Resources Snow Breweries (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. China Association for Quality Food quality and food safety Tibet Quality Award China Resources Snow Breweries (Tibet) Co., Ltd. Market Supervision Department of the Autonomous Region Food quality and food safety 53 vol Wine Body Design Award (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China Alcoholic Drinks Association Food quality and food safety 53 vol Iconic Products of Flavor Food with Chinese Characteristics (53 vol Zhaiyao (Treasure)) Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. China National Food Industry Association Food quality and food safety 2022 23 Caring Company Scheme 2022 23 Certificate for the Caring Company Logo China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited The Hong Kong Council of Social Service Social responsibilities State-owned Enterprise Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Investment Co., Ltd. State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council Technological innovation National Green Plant Plants in Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Qiannan, Xindu and Heilongjiang Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People s Republic of China Green and environmental protection 10 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Award and Recognition Awarded OrganizationIssuing AuthorityNature Provincial Green Plant Plants in Hebei, Neijiang, Qiandongnan and Baoshan Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology Green and environmental protection National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise Plant in Wuhan China Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry of Water Resources, General Administration of Market Regulation Green and environmental protection Provincial Water-saving Benchmarking Enterprise Plants in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan Provincial Department of Water Resources, Provincial Development and Reform Commission, Provincial Department of Transportation, Provincial Government Offices Administration, etc. Talent training Excellent Case of National Healthy Enterprise Development Plant in Songshanhu General Office of the National Health Commission Occupational Health Provincial Healthy Enterprise Plant in Qinghuangdao Provincial Health Commission Occupational Health 11 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report e ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS ESG ESG ESG ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE SYSTEM The Group believes that sustainable development is the cornerstone of business success. Therefore, the Group consolidates the concept of sustainable development into corporate strategy, major decisions and daily operations, continuously improves its own management standard, strive to provide high-quality products to and creates value for customers, and promotes corporate sustainable development. ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE AND THE BOARD STATEMENT To meet stakeholders expectations regarding corporate ESG management, the Group continues to improve ESG management by strengthening board leadership and accountability on the ESG matters. The Board assumes overall responsibility for the Group s ESG strategy and the results presented in this report. The board of directors hold semi-annual meetings with the senior management regularly or special meetings when necessary, to achieve the following ESG management matters The Board is responsible for supervising and approving the sustainable development strategy of the Group, including the 14th Five-Year Plan for EHS management, the Carbon Peak Action Plan, water resource management objectives, etc., to ensure that the Group is moving towards sustainable development. The Board supervises the Group s annual assessment of the impact of potential ESG issues on the Business and related risks. The Board oversees and reviews the Group s communication with stakeholders and the identification and assessment results of ESG material issues. The Board monitors and reviews the progress of the Group s ESG targets and environmental management policies and strategies. The Board supervises the Group and its various work levels (decision-making level, supervision level and execution level) to implement various actions according to the work plan. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, at the committee level, the Audit Committee hold semi- annual meetings, in which ESG-related business risks would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. Through the Group s three lines of defense risk management structure, the Audit Committee supervises the ESG risk management of the business as well as the implementation of related actions with timely guidance and suggestions provided. On 5 June 2023, an ESG management delegation comprising four Independent Non-executive Directors and two Non-executive Directors of the Group visited our factory in Dongguan. Accompanied by the frontline staff and management for ESG management of the factory, the delegation visited production and key management areas for environmental protection such as sewage outlets, saccharification workshop and brewing centralized control room. The ESG management of the factory was highly recognized by the delegation. The Group regards environment, health and safety ( EHS ) as one of the cores of its business. The EHS Department of the Group clarifies management responsibilities, strengthen the management effectiveness on specific projects, as well as establishes comprehensive EHS management component system. The ESG Task Force is mainly responsible for participating in the formulation of medium- and long- term ESG goals in line with the Company s strategy and specifying the implementation approaches, implementation steps and resource investment; undertaking ESG projects involved multi-departmental efforts, training and research and learning related to ESG and carbon management; specifying the ESG management plans; and participating in ESG information disclosure, report compilation and the annual management meeting of ESG for listed companies. ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG ESG 13 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities The highest accountable level The board To monitor the Company s assessment on the environmental and social impacts ESG To understand the potential impacts and relevant risk of ESG issue on the Company s business model To strengthen materiality assessment and reporting process to ensure accurate and persistent execution and implementation of the policies ESG To review progress based on ESG-related targets and indicators To review and monitor environmental management policies and strategies Decision- making level The senior management ESG To discuss major ESG issues, formulate management approach and future development To identify relevant risks To ensure effective operation of internal control system To formulate and prioritise strategies and targets To review working results To assess effectiveness of overall working mechanism ESG To facilitate top-down ESG integration and to assign relevant duties and responsibilities to various functional departments and branchesSet out below is the functional settings, specific duties and responsibilities of the Group s ESG management 14 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Work level Functions Specific duties and responsibilities Supervision level Responsible persons from various functional departments and branches To implement resolutions and report working situation to the decision-making level ESG To conduct researches on actual tasks according to the overall ESG strategy and direction To assign relevant working groups to implement the tasks To suggest work improvement for the coming year to the decision making level Execution level Working groups of various functional departments and regional companies To complete assigned tasks within own functions in accordance with the direction set by the supervision level To collect, organize and report relevant information on a regular basis To make timely feedback of practical working situation and make recommendations on the implementation of tasks To be responsible for dissemination of internal information EHS WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT The President and Vice-President of the Company is responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management, including CRB Institute of Technology, Procurement Management Center, Operation Center, Production Center, EHS Department, Risk Management and Internal Control Department, etc. Upon the gradual adjustment of organizational structure, it is clarified that the Group s water resources management strategy and performance have been directly responsible and coordinated by the Production Center in Headquarters, and the results are regularly reported to the President of the Company. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTARGETS SETTING AND REVIEW MECHANISM Considering the policy background of the Chinese government striving to achieve 2030 Carbon Emission Peak, 2060 Carbon Neutrality targets, and the latest requirements of the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group had formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into its development strategies since 2021. By reference to the practices adopted by the international leading enterprises in the industry and its actual business conditions, the Group had formulated its EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan. Departments such as the EHS Department, the Human Resources Department, Operation Center, Production Center of the Group are responsible for the execution of the relevant ESG targets, convening of regular meetings and reporting of progress to the President. The relevant ESG results and material ESG issues have been reported regularly to the Board for target review and effective supervision of the Board. The scope of assessment and evaluation includes production safety, environmental protection, occupational health, carbon emission management, food quality and safety, etc. The relevant ESG performance of the Group has been linked to the compensation of the management team. By establishing an EHS incentive mechanisms, formulating assessment methods with rewards and punishments specified, the Group is able to achieve and decompose EHS indicators for better implementation. The Group regularly assesses and evaluates the EHS work of business units as well as the completion of target tasks, the assessment results of which are included in the performance contract. The Group commends and rewards organizations and individuals that have achieved outstanding EHS performance or that have made important contributions to the improvement of EHS management standards. C2 EHS ESG 12 EHS ESG ESG ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 16 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report EHS Unit2025 Targets (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)2023 (including Guizhou Jinsha)2020 BaselineChanges in 2023 vs. 2020 (excluding Guizhou Jinsha)Changes in 2023 vs. 2020 (including Guizhou Jinsha) 8 Environmental (8 items) 1 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit1Tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output 0. 019 0. 019 0. 021 0. 021 8 0 3 Water consumption intensity per unit3Cubic metres kilolitre output 2. 68 2. 77 2. 80 2. 69 3 4 2 Total greenhouse gas emissions21, 000 tonnes CO2 equivalent 825 740 806 914 19 12 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity2Tonnes of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output 0. 075 0. 068 0. 074 0. 084 18 11 (SO2) Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes 20 8 8 23 65 64 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 100 60 60 117 49 49 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 100 100 100 100 Recycling rate of dried spent yeast 100 100 100 100 4 Social (4 items) Average training hours per employee Hours 36. 1 39. 5 35. 5 29. 3 35 21 Total training hours of employees Thousand hours 866 938 966 779 20 24 Average training cost per employee RMB 426 1, 020 890 341 199 161 Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 0 Targets set in the Group s EHS management 14th Five-Year Plan are as below 17 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report1. The consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit is presented with the unit of tonnes of standard coal kilolitre output, which is calculated with reference to the General principles for calculation of the comprehensive energy consumption of National Standards of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines of CR Beer. From 2021 onwards, the Group voluntarily discloses more information in relation to carbon emission that the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. Due to the Company's rapid premiumization development, changing consumer demand and adjusting process technology of premium product, the Group has moderated its 2025 target on water consumption intensity per unit of its beer business to 2. 68 cubic metres kilolitre output, which is lower than the baseline of 2. 69 cubic metres kilolitre output in 2020. COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS The Group understands the significant importance of stakeholders to the Group s business management and development. ESG 18 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Major stakeholders Means of communication Government and regulatory authorities Regular exchange Study of policy documents Response to consultation processes Shareholders Regular publication of financial reports Convening of general meetings Investor relations communication Consumers Customer service hotline and online smart customer service system Product labels Mail and social media Employees Employee mailbox and opinion survey Company intranet Staff activities Suppliers and partners Regular exchange Examination and assessment Information sharing Industry associations Regular exchange Reciprocal visits Active involvement in association affairs The community Building of community culture Aid for underprivileged groups Community services 19 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG ESG Relevant Requirements of Domestic and International Social Responsibility Standards Corporate Strategies and Operating Highlights Corporate Social Responsibility Management Requirements Stakeholders Analysis Agenda of Social Responsibility 1, 000 ESG (SASB) ESG ESG 26 ESG IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL ISSUES With the continuous communication with stakeholders through the aforementioned means, the Group understands and identifies the ESG issues concerned by each stakeholder group. In compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Listing Rules and based on key performance indicators, taking into account its own strategy and operating focus, with reference to the best practices in the industry and domestic and international social responsibility standards, the Group analyzed and prioritized all ESG issues based on the two dimensions of Materiality to CR Beer s Financial Position and Enterprise Value and Materiality to CR Beer s Environmental and Social Impact, and identified the material issues as shown in the matrix of material issues, with which the Group formulated the framework of disclosure and information to be disclosed. During the year, the Group engaged an independent third-party consultant team to review, analyze and present a list of material topics through communication with stakeholders via questionnaires. More than 1, 000 internal and external stakeholders participated to rank the materiality of ESG topics. During the materiality analysis, after referring to the Sustainability Accounting Standard for the Alcoholic Beverages industry prepared by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the ESG disclosure by beer and baijiu peers, the communication with the Group s management and ESG related department, 26 ESG topics were selected as the most relevant to the Group s ESG management, presenting a more accurate classification. In the following chapters of the Report, we will elaborate on the policies, measures and performance in relation to each material topic in detail, in order to respond to the expectations of stakeholders towards us, and to further adjust future sustainable development strategies, internal risk assessment and monitoring. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1 Employee Remuneration and Bene f its 2 Labour Sta ndards an d Labour Relat ions 3 Product Quality and Food Sa fety Management 4 Corporate Governance and Risk Management 5 Integrit y, Compliance & Business Ethics 6 Employee Training and Developm ent 7 Employee Com municatio n 8 Human right, Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 9 Occupa tional Health and Safety10 Empowering Retailers & Distributors 11 Supply Chain Management 12 Increasing Revenue and Return 19111082 913 Materiality to CR Beer s Environmental and Social Impact Materiality to CR Beer s Financial Position and Enterprise Value High Materiality Mod erate Materiality Low Mat eriality 13 Product and Technologica l Innovation 14 Environmental Compliance 15 Customer Services 16 Data Security and Privacy Protection 17 Water & Wastewater Management 18 Waste & Hazardous Materials Management19 Energy Management 20 Responsible Marketing 21 Circular Economy 22 Advoca ting Local Sourcing, Production and Sales 23 Green Packaging 24 Mitigating or Adapting to Climate Change 25 GHG Emissions 26 Advocating Rational Drinking4 5 6712 1314 151617 18 2021 22 23 262425Materiality Matrix and Table of All Stakeholders 21 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHAPTER 1 PRODUCTS AND OPERATING PRACTICES As a member of the food industry, the Group deeply understands that quality products and services are fundamental to an enterprise s success. The Group strictly controls the safety and quality of food to provide beer and baijiu products of the best quality in the market to customers. The Group makes innovation actively, protects intellectual property rights, and leads the industry to meet evolving market needs. The Group also encourages consumers to drink rationally to promote a healthy and civilized lifestyle together with the industry associations. The Group observes strict compliance with the laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of the People s Republic of China on product quality, food safety, food labelling standards, consumer rights protection, etc., such as the Product Quality Law of the People s Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Consumer Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the Provisions on the Administration of Food Labeling, the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Food-related Products, the Import and Export Food Safety Management Measures, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Product Anti-counterfeiting, the National Food Safety Standards General Principles for the Labeling of Prepackaged Food, etc. To this end, the Group formulated and issued the internal Food Safety Management Regulations, Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents, Food Recall Management Measures and Food Safety Risk Control Guidelines for CR Beer, as well as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents and the CRWH Measures on the Management of Selfinspection on Food Safety for the baijiu business, further enhancing its responsibility system and system construction to ensure food safety and quality compliance management. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group established the CR Beer Food Safety Risk Assessment Working Group, organizing all assessed units of CRSB to carry out self-assessment of food safety risk management and control, and conducted random checks on the units of Shenyang Plant, Liaoning Marketing Center, Hebei Plant, Tianjin Marketing Center, Chengdu Plant, Sichuan Marketing Center, Nanjing Plant, Jiangsu Marketing Center, Zhengzhou Plant, Henan Marketing Center, Wuhan Plant, and Hubei Marketing Center. In addition, the Group launched the evaluation of food safety risk control. On the basis of 24 elements of Snow MS QFS System, the Group established a unified system maturity evaluation model that combined with the quality management requirements of CRSB, consolidating the quality and food safety management system through internal audit, pre-examination assistance, supervision and certification audit, etc. In 2023, Snow MS QFS System has passed 95 international system certifications such as FSSC22000, ISO, and HACCP. Guizhou Jinsha, a subsidiary of China Resources Wine Holdings Co., Ltd. ( CRWH ), has also made significant progress in quality management, and has successfully passed the certifications of Quality Management System (ISO9000), Environmental Management System (ISO14001), Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP), Occupational Health and Safety Management System (ISO145001), Energy Management System (ISO15001), and Measurement Management System (GB T19022- 2003 ISO10012), which are all certified by the CQA Quality Assurance Center. In order to further enhance the management of the Group s baijiu business, we followed the national standards and industry regulations for baijiu and issued internal policies and management systems for the baijiu business, such as the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Recall, the CRWH Regulations on the Management of Food Safety, and the CRWH Emergency Response Plan for Food Safety Incidents. SnowMS QFS SnowMS QFS 24 FSSC22000 ISO HACCP 95 (ISO9000) (ISO14001) (HACCP) (ISO145001) (ISO15001) (GB T19022-2003 ISO10012) 23 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportMoreover, the Group has established a comprehensive database of quality and food safety regulations which is updated timely. Regular interpretation of relevant regulatory documents is also conducted to benchmark against national standards and industry standards intensively. In 2023, 105 standards were revised and 136 standards were formulated for the beer business, while 35 new quality standards were added and 12 food safety management systems were revised for the baijiu business. At the same time, the Group also conducted training, assessment, and spot checks on relevant personnel to ensure the effective implementation of the standards. The Group completed the training of the State Administration of Market Supervision on the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises (Decree No. 60 of the State Administration of Market Supervision) and the Interpretation of the Administrative Measures for Food Business Licensing and Filing (Decree No. 79 of the State Administration of Market Supervision), issued a supplementary notice on the implementation of the Provisions on the Supervision and Administration of the Implementation of Main Responsibility for Food Safety by Enterprises to further standardize the appointment of food safety directors and food safety officers, as well as the format and filing requirements of the daily control, weekly investigation and monthly adjustment records of food safety. The Group issued the Notice on the Publication of Typical Food Safety Violations and Launching of Alert Activities, providing training for all employees on learning from food safety warning cases. employees from CR Beer passed the examination and were awarded the food safety management capability certificate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportProduction Material and Raw Material Security In order to cope with the risks in the supply chain of imported beer barley, ensure the safety of beer raw materials, and revitalize China s beer barley industry, the Group has launched an inter-departmental project entitled Research on Quality Improvement of Domestic Beer Barley and Quality Assurance System for Planting and Production. Through in-depth communication with government departments, industry associations, scientific research institutes, universities and colleges, upstream and downstream enterprises, as well as on-site investigation and analysis of the breeding, planting, and production sites of domestic beer barley, the Group was able to carry out relevant exploration and practice in terms of supply chain strategic cooperation, new variety research and development testing, and application and promotion of national barley, and was awarded the China Alcoholic Drinks ESG 2022 Excellent Social Welfare Case by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association. In order to strengthen the supply of baijiu raw materials, the Group officially launched a Red Sorghum Planting Project in the end of 2023. By establishing strategic cooperation with the Jinsha County Government, we shall build an exclusive planting base, procure raw materials locally, and set up QR code monitoring, to achieve 100 traceability of the source of raw materials for sauce-flavored baijiu and manage full-process food safety risks of baijiu product. In addition, the Group has set relevant requirements from seed selection to field management, and has imposed restrictions on the use of pesticides in pursuit of natural, organic, and healthy raw materials to improve the quality of its baijiu products at source. Quality Management of Incoming Raw Materials At the sourcing stage, in order to ensure that the purchased materials meet the quality standards, the Group s beer business has set up a three-gate system, whereby the headquarters, regions, and factories jointly conduct management and control. The headquarters assesses the risk of suppliers and stops supplying goods when there is a risk to ensure that the standards are met; before the suppliers deliver the goods, the regions carry out on-site potential inspections to ensure that unqualified products will not be delivered; and the factories carry out inspections at the time of the materials entering the factory. The materials are also checked when entering the factory in the baijiu business. ESG 2022 100 25 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group has continued to carry out food safety risk assessment on the cooperative production and marketing business between factories and distributors and organized the CRSB Purchasing Center and the Production Center to hold a thematic seminar on the supplier type inspection report, so as to set out standard requirements for the quality of the supplier type inspection. In terms of Baijiu business, Guizhou Jinsha employs a professional third-party organization with laboratory qualifications, such as the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) every year to rigorously spot check the procured materials for baijiu production according to the destinated food safety indexes. In 2023, the beer business sampled 190 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, food additives, bottle washing agents, and beer packaging materials, with 233 samples and 7, 741 test indexes; Guizhou Jinsha sampled 63 suppliers of raw and auxiliary materials, and baijiu packaging materials were sampled, with 70 samples and 846 test indexes. The test results all met the requirements of national standards on food safety, effectively ensuring the food safety of the production materials used in the Group s beer and baijiu businesses. Quality Management in the Production Process CRSB has formulated the 4ACCP technical specification, unified the analysis steps and methods of key control points in quality and food safety, standardized the steps and methodologies for the analysis of critical control points of quality and food safety, and regulated the standards of risk hierarchies, hazard exposure, and possibilities. A special food safety team was formed to carry out hazard analysis based on the technical specifications. The 4ACCP Control Plan is a control plan developed for the key control points of quality and food safety, which analyzes from the four aspects, i. e. food safety, food fraud, food threat and quality risk, determines key control points and critical limits, develops a control plan, and regularly monitors the implementation of control plan. CNAS) 190 233 7, 741 63 70 846 4ACCP 4ACCP 26 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTo maintain quality control, the Group has been persistently enhancing the accreditation and testing capabilities. During 2023, the verification and benchmark of Snow Star embraced beer, malt and hops, and a total of 68 subordinate laboratories and 24 supplier laboratories were verified to improve the inspection and testing capabilities. In addition, the Group formulated and strictly followed the internal Management Regulations on Control of Production Quality, while a three-tier inspection system comprising self-inspection, mutual inspection, and inspection by comparing downstream processes against upstream processes had been adopted for the production process. By implementing and building of STTS (Snow track and trace system), the Group completed one product two codes, Quick Response (QR) Code and Data Matrix (DM) Code, tracking management system, which allows better digital management of beer on the production line through collecting and connecting three codes on bottles, cartons, and trays respectively. Nevertheless, online product tracking had been adopted through stepwise delivery and signing for acceptance of end products from factory to distributors, thereby enhancing the level of convenience of food tracking. As of the end of 2023, the Group has a first-class team of beer tasters in China with a total of 37 national-level judges, 4 of which are lifetime honorary judges; 2 national-level judges and 8 provincial-level judges for the baijiu business, 5 of which were awarded provincial Technical Masters. In addition, Guizhou Jinsha has set up a baijiu tasting committee and has realized sensory quality control over the entire production process of semi-finished and finished products. Quality Management of Products on the Market In 2023, all beer products of the Group passed both the ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all beer products were in compliance with the industrial and national standards of Beer. The total oxygen content of the product was controlled below 40 parts per billion (40 ppb), achieving the leading level in the industry. In addition, all baijiu products of the Group have passed both the ex-factory quality test and the spot tests under national supervision, and all baijiu products were in compliance with the industrial and national standard of GB T 26760-2011 sauce-flavored Baijiu. All the test indicators of the finished products conformed to the standard of excellent sauce-flavored baijiu. The Group sets up three lines of defense approach at the product result stage, i. e. stringent quality control when products leave the factory, stringent protection checks on products, and support from quality personnel in the event of quality complaints in the market. The Group always pursues quality stability throughout the supply chain, from supplier evaluation to product delivery, with high standards of food safety and quality management to drive the high-quality development of beer and baijiu. The Group also extends its quality management to downstream by organizing regular training for logistics providers and distributors of its beer and baijiu businesses, empowering them with quality protection of finished alcoholic drinks and reducing transportation damages. In addition, the EHS Department and the Snow Production Technology Center jointly launched the Food Safety Management Audit for the year, which mainly inspected fresh beer, PET bottles, keg beers, and other types of beers, and set up and assessed production qualifications, contracting methods, raw material procurement, health of personnel, external inspection of products and information publicity, etc., and followed up on rectification and implementation of rectification, to ensure that the main responsibility for food safety of the enterprise was fulfilled. The Group not only adheres to strict self-discipline and requires employees to implement relevant food safety systems with high standards, but also extends risk management and control to suppliers, on-site related parties, outsourced business partners, etc. Through real-time intelligent monitoring, on-site random inspection, special training, strict assessment, warning conference and other methods, we are able to raise food safety awareness of employees, suppliers, related parties and outsourcers. EHS PET 28 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(II) PRODUCT AND TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION To satisfy the ever-changing needs of consumers, the Group has been actively innovating while striving to maintain intellectual property rights. Under the guidance of the laws and regulations of the PRC such as the Trademark Law, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Trademark Law, the Patent Law, the Regulation for the Implementation of the Patent Law, the Copyright Law and the Regulations for the Implementation of the Copyright Law, the Group has carried out intellectual property application, maintenance and rights protection work. Each plant and Jinsha Jiuye has formulated its own Measures for the Management of R&D Projects, covering innovation elements such as outcomes, standards, archives, incentives, talents, experts, and projects. In 2023, China Resources Snow Breweries (China) Co., Ltd. conducted supervision and review of its intellectual property management concerning beer packaging design, beer production process research and development, and beer sales within its qualification scope, ensuring continuous compliance with the national standard GB T 29490-2013. The Group conducted multiple sessions of patent mining training and guidance in 2023, resulting in a 175 increase in the number of invention patents compared to 2022, thereby facilitating the development of high-value patents. GB T 29490-2013 175 29 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 214, 774, 484 588 4R1D 4 4 207 650 The CRB Institute of Technology of the Group actively organized innovation and empowerment training. In 2023, the Product Quality Innovation Workshop a thematic seminar titled Product Quality Stability and Consistency Enhancement was held. Through quality control empowerment and group discussions, solutions were developed to address pain points and challenges affecting product quality in R&D, procurement, production, operations, and marketing. Cutting-edge technology empowerment system training activities were held periodically, such as Patent Application Training, CRSB Dual Carbon Policy and Application Scenario of CR Beer, Knowledge Service and Open Source Intelligence Service, Intelligent Factory Construction under the Background of Digital Transformation, Invention and Patent Writing, Analysis of Patent Trend and Patent Mining Theme Training in the Brewing Industry, Specialized Training on Deduction for R&D, and Specialized Training on Management of R&D Projects, etc., to foster a culture of technological innovation. In 2023, the Group actively promoted independent research and development projects such as new product development, sustainable development, smart factory project, research on key flavor substances, brewing technology upgrades, and packaging diversification. The Group s research and development investment on these projects has amounted to RMB214, 774, 484 million with a scientific research team of 588 professionals. In respect of the establishment of a green and low-carbon product development mechanism, the Group actively promoted research on packaging weight reduction and carbon reduction. During the year, it completed 4 surveys and published 4 publications of the Green Innovative Packaging Report, completed the formulation of the standards for the 207mL and 650mL light-weight bottles, started to carry out equipment modification, and launched feasibility studies and economic estimations on the activation of the lightweight bottles of Chinese branded products. At the same time, the Group proactively promoted the substitution of low-carbon raw materials for beer production. Currently, it has completed simulated production tests, simulated circulation tests, summarized evaluation experience, visited suppliers, and summarized analysis. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of new product development, the Group s beer business officially launched the new product Heineken 0. 0 beer in China in May 2023. Heineken 0. 0 is a pure 0. 0 vol beer for young people. It is brewed with a unique formula, with an alcohol content of less than 0. 03 vol, but innovatively retains the signature Heineken whole barley taste, providing an additional healthy choice for young people who prefer the taste of pure beer and pursue a healthy and balanced lifestyle. The Group s baijiu business has also continued to promote product iteration and brand image enhancement and launched the product Zhaiyao Jingzhi for corporate customers, as well as the differentiated small and unpackaged product Jinsha Xiaojiang, to cultivate a sauce-flavored taste among young consumers. The Group has always been committed to new product development to better meet the dual needs of consumers for health and quality, bringing more healthy and tasty choices to the market. In 2023, the Group s Snow and Jinsha were both recognized as Chinese Time-honored Brand by the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, the Administration for Market Regulation, the China National Intellectual Property Administration and the National Cultural Heritage Administration, which effectively increased the value of the Company s intangible assets. In addition, as of December 2023, the Group had a total of 2, 518 internationally registered trademarks covering more than 150 countries and regions, of which the core brands of SNOW, Brave the World and Opera Mask basically achieved global coverage. New brands such as Marrsgreen, Brave the World superX, New Opera Mask and Craftsmanship have already covered major economically developed countries and regions in the world. In 2023, the Group promoted the transfer and centralization of regional intellectual property management functions to the headquarters, completed the handover of information and files on intellectual property affairs in 13 regions, and comprehensively commenced the collection of evidence and annual renewal of registered trademarks in respect of pending cases, key brand use and registration in the regions, so as to ensure orderly convergence and to strengthen the Group s intellectual property protection collaboration and sharing of service management resources. vol 0. 03 vol 2, 518 150 (SNOW) superX 13 31 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) ADVOCATING RATIONAL DRINKING AND RESPONSIBLE MARKETING AND PROMOTION As a beer manufacturer with a strong sense of social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the national advocation of rational drinking and promotes a healthy and edified lifestyle, ensuring fair, reliable, and responsible marketing information. The Group implements a strict review system for content used in advertisement and the rules of prize-attached sales, to ensure the legality and compliance of marketing content and to prevent legal risks in advertising and prize-attached sales, while avoiding infringing on other people s rights. In addition, the Group has established a top-down management mechanism to supervise responsible marketing activities in all regions. In the meantime, employees are also responsible for the supervision of responsible marketing that once any employee found false advertisement to be forwarded, he or she should report the false advertisement in time. The Group regularly reviews all product marketing and promotion contents on yearly basis to ensure that the contents disseminated are legal and compliant as well as conform to the Group s concept of responsible marketing and to eliminate false marketing from the source. When the Group releases new advertisements, the group s legal compliance team will be involved in the advertising review process to ensure that the content of the advertisement does not violate relevant regulations. Additionally, various departments within the Group collect feedback and opinions from the Internet and customer communication, which may contain comments, suggestions, or corrections on the content of the advertisement, and the Group will modify the content of the advertisement according to the factual situation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportAdvocate Rational Drinking The Group has collaborated with China Alcoholic Drinks Association for 9 consecutive years and has been a member of its Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee. The Group regularly organizes events such as National Rational Drinking Publicity Week every year to promote the concept of Drink Moderately, Live Happily to the entire industry and society. In 2023, the Group attended the press conference of the National Rational Drinking Publicity Week organized by the China Alcoholic Drinks Association s Alcohol and Social Responsibility Promotion Committee, as well as the launch ceremony of the 2023 National Rational Drinking Publicity Week and the 2023 China Alcoholic Drinks Industry ESG Forum. As a member of the China Alcoholic Drinks Association, the Group actively fulfills its social responsibility to promote the sustainable and healthy development of China s beverage industry, and takes the lead in advocating rational drinking. All of our alcoholic beverages carry a logo related to responsible drinking on their outer packaging. In addition, the Group and its strategic cooperation brand Heineken beer jointly advocate and support the commitment to responsible drinking. The brand invests about 10 of its yearly media budget in promoting rational drinking and responsible drinking. In our management and operation practice, employees from senior level to grass roots are not allowed to offer alcoholic drink products to those who are under the legal drinking age, and are forbidden from overstating the effect of our products on the environment and society in marketing campaigns, as well as advertising to consumers about selling points based on facts unproven by science. ChinaSAO) ESG 10 33 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group emphasizes the importance of promoting rational drinking by establishing an internal management system of responsible marketing to further ensure legal compliance. It is stipulated that the encouraging or inductive contents such as unrestrained drinking or drinking excessively are prohibited in the advertisements of alcoholic products. The communication contents and content review mechanism are also clearly stipulated in the related guidelines, requiring personnel at all levels to conduct a comprehensive review of the enterprise advertising contents to be released soon, guiding consumers correctly from the root. In addition, the Group has always adhered to the principle of honesty and integrity, and strictly prohibits the dissemination of false information about competitors products to customers in product advertisements and other marketing practices, in order to maintain a fair and regulated market. The Group publicizes internally the special prohibitions on alcohol advertising and strictly implements them, including but not limited to No induction or encouragement on drinking or promotion of unrestrained drinking. No unscientific expression or implication that drinking has the effect of eliminating tension and anxiety, increasing physical strength, and others. Apart from clearly indicating ingredients and alcohol content on product packages, the Group also prompts persuasive signs and words such as Excessive alcohol consumption is harmful to health in print, television, film, and digital advertisements as well as in product labels, taking the initiative to give potential risk warnings. Target group of responsible marketing Targeting people who have reached the legal drinking age. The marketing and promotion should aim to steer clear of those who under the legal drinking age (for example, objects, images, styles, symbols, colors, music and characters including cartoon characters that appeal to children or adolescent should not be used in marketing campaigns and commercial publicity). Avoiding using false information (e. g., not implying or claiming that beer has therapeutic or health benefits). Ensuring that employees are knowledgeable about the rules pertaining to responsible marketing. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) CUSTOMER SERVICES AND PRIVACY PROTECTION Customer Services Upholding the operating philosophy of Prioritizing Customer Experience, the Group has been striving to improve customer satisfaction and build good and long-term customer relationships. During the reporting period, the Group continued to improve its customer service system and optimized its rapid response system for client complaints. Upon receiving such work order, the customer service consultant must contact the consumer within 30 minutes to understand details and strive to resolve the issue right away to avoid worsening the problem. For complaints about defective product, it is necessary to reply to the customers in the customer service system within 72 hours, maintain the progress of processing, upload photos of physical alcohol drinks, etc. System upgrade through system upgrade, all product and service complaint processes are recorded online, which enables the customer service center to conduct effective tracking and regular reporting of consolidated case data, thereby supervising relevant departments to improve. At the end of 2022, the Group launched a smart customer service system, which adopts a parallel service mode of robots and manual seats. Robots can provide 24-hour uninterrupted service and continuously improve customer experience. Rectification the Group s customer service team conducts real- time and online monitoring of the progress of complaint handling, provides professional guidelines internally, submits complaint report to management of all levels and urges rectification of those plants involved in complaints. The plant should analyze and rectify each bottle or can of beer. As of the end of 2023, the return-to-plant rate of complained beer reached 99. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(5) Business linkage the business operation departments need to acknowledge customer complaints. By upgrading the customer service system, the service complaints are set to be reviewed by the superior management personnel, so that the business operation departments could gain a better understanding the nature of customer complaints and rectify correspondingly, building a customer-oriented beer enterprise. In terms of customer service construction for the newly acquired baijiu business, Jinsha Jiuye has formulated and implemented the Jinsha Jiuye Customer Service Management Measures and Jinsha Jiuye Damaged Alcohol Drinks Management Measures to set up a 400-0851-999 service hotline, whereby the dedicated customer service staff of the Operations Department receives complaint information, and answers on-site the information that can be handled, and immediately edits the work order for information that needs to be handled by the professional departments to be dispatched to the professional departments. Professional department customer service counterparts need to respond to the work order within 30 minutes, contact consumers to understand the situation, and strive for the first time for customers to solve the problem. For product complaints, information about the product (pictures of the physical alcohol drinks anti-counterfeit labels, etc.) is fed back to the Operations Department and the Technology and Quality Department in the first instance to provide expert advice on how to handle the complaint. Benefiting from the continuous improvement of beer product quality, the number of complaints about defective beer products received by the Group in 2023 decreased significantly by 11 year-on-year, and the complaint rate of defective beer products decreased from 4. 4 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output to 4. 1 cases 10, 000 kilolitre output. Complaint rate of defective products number of complaints about defective products total output)(5) 400-0851- 999 30 19. 5 11 4. 4 4. 1 87 37 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe table below shows the customer service indicator for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Unit 2023 2022 Number of complaint received Cases 22, 058 20, 607 Number of complaints about defective product Cases 4, 580 4, 992 Number of complaints about poor service Cases 17, 478 15, 615 Customer complaint settlement rate 97. 0 96. 0 Re-visit rate of customer complaints 89. 8 90. 0 Effective communication rate of call center 99. 7 99. 6 15 Proportion of phone calls answered within 15 seconds 99. 6 99. 5 Responsive time after receiving complaint Minutes30 Within 30 minutes30 Within 30 minutes Survey score of customer satisfaction on complaints handling Points 87. 0 87. 0 38 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Personal Information Protection The Group attaches great importance to the protection of personal information and strictly complies with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People s Republic of China, the The Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People s Republic of China and other laws and regulations, and enforces the regulatory norms and requirements of the relevant standards to carry out the governance of the protection of personal information. In terms of governance system, the Group has formulated relevant systems such as CR Beer s Information Security Management Measures, Personal Information Protection Compliance Guidelines, Employee Personal Information Protection Management Measures, as well as Personal Information Protection Policy and Personal Information Protection Impact Assessment and other templates, and follow the personal information processing principles of legality, legitimacy, necessity, integrity, clear purpose, minimal processing, and openness and transparency to carry out personal information protection and management. In terms of implementation management, in order to standardize the Group s legal and compliance work related to personal information protection, the Group conducts comprehensive personal information protection compliance reviews in all aspects of personal information processing, continuously improves its ability to identify and handle compliance risks, implements the responsibilities and requirements for the protection of personal information, and endeavors to ensure that issues relating to the protection of personal information are managed and controlled comprehensively and effectively to protect the interests and privacy of customers and users. In terms of its business, The Group is in strict compliance with the customer information confidentiality principle managed through combining uniform management and differential management and hierarchical management, and all levels can only view complaints and consumer information within their authority. Staff is forbidden to obtain contact numbers of consumers who initiated the complaint and can only contact consumers through call center platform. When customers file complaint details to the relevant department, our customer service officers must delete their relevant personal information. The Group also extends its management to its upstream suppliers, requiring all suppliers who possess customers privacy information to comply with relevant laws and regulations, so as to maximize the protection of consumers privacy and information security. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of strengthening staff awareness, the Group has continued to enhance staff awareness of personal information protection by launching personal information protection related training and special activities such as the Special Topic on Data Security and Personal Information Protection Compliance. Information Security In 2023, the Group issued the Management Measures for the Protection of Employees Personal Information to establish a system for the protection of employees personal information. The Group follows the principles of rationalization and minimization of impact in the collection of employees personal information, and specifies the scope of use, process, and confidentiality requirements for employees personal information, so as to enhance the security of employees personal information and fulfill the Company s obligations in respect of the protection of employees personal information. At the same time, training on the employee personal information protection system was launched to enhance the understanding and importance of the protection of personal information by departments and employees at all levels. In 2023, the Group s Intelligence and Digitization Department compiled the 2023 Cyber Security Awareness Handbook, which covers publicity on topics such as the Personal Information Protection Law, compliance regulations when sending email information, third- party personnel information security management, the use of genuine software, e-mail security, prevention of malware, prevention of e-mails fraud, and office security, and organized the handbook promotion and training. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group focused on the enhancement of employees security awareness by organizing regular information security trainings covering awareness overview, types of cybersecurity threats, typical cases of cybersecurity and cybersecurity threat prevention, etc. The Group promotes online videos through the online platform Runjiu Academy and regularly publishes articles on information security on the Run Work Platform to provide employees with daily drip training to improve employees awareness of information security protection. Throughout the year, the Group organized a total of 4 online and offline security awareness trainings covering all employees, with the training time being no less than one hour. In addition, as a member of China Resources Group, CR Beer fully cooperated with China Resources Group in carrying out the 2023 national-level cybersecurity attack and defense exercise, assisted the Group in achieving excellent results, and was awarded collective second-class merit and nine individual awards by the Group. During the reporting period, the Group did not receive any substantiated complaints about infringement of customers privacy and theft, leakage, and loss of customers data or important information. In the course of its operations, the Group also requires its confidential staff to strictly comply with national laws and regulations on confidentiality and the Group s Confidentiality Management System, and customer service staff signed the Confidentiality Commitment before taking up their posts, so as to implement the confidentiality responsibility system, fulfill their confidentiality obligations and safeguard the security of information in a practical manner., 1 5 9 41 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDigital Transformation In order to meet the needs of CR Beer s second organizational transformation and the development of the Company in the coming years, the Group has established the CR Beer Digitization Committee in 2023 on the basis of the former Information Technology Upgrading Committee to make digitization one of the Company s core strategies, to promote the Company s digitization construction and operation, and to enhance the Company s production and operational efficiency by using digitization. As the leadership, the Digitalization Committee assumes the overall responsibility for leading the transformation. A permanent project management office has been set up in the Intelligence and Digitalization Department, which is specifically responsible for the daily work of the Committee. Leadership Group of the Digitalization Committee Project Management Of f ice Smart Purchasing Special Committee Intelligent Manufacturing Special Committee Supply Chain Control Tower Special Committee Marketing Digitization Special Committee Shared Operations Special Committee Baijiu Special Committee Leadership Special Committee 42 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group achieved good results in its digital transformation, with the Company s digital coverage rate increasing from 44 at the beginning of the year to 56. Relying on the digital system, the efficiency of business processing in key business segments such as procurement, production, sales and operation has been greatly improved, especially the efficiency of procurement order execution has been increased by 90, thus giving full play to the effectiveness of digitization. The shared operation construction for human resources and finance has also achieved significant results, with the efficiency of the financial reporting process improved by 6. 4 and the efficiency of human resources work order service improved by 37. The Group s outstanding digitization efforts have been recognized by China Resources Group as the Smart and Digitized Demonstration Unit 2022-2023. Its shared operation and beer manufacturing production management digital industrial internet platform application project won the State-owned Enterprises Digital Scene Innovation Professional Competition Award rewarded by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. V) SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Adhering to integrity operation, the Group strengthens management in procurement, work disciplines, sunshine undertaking, tendering and bidding process and rules, etc. In addition, the Group advances the priority of quality and extension and co- creation of the industrial chain through optimizing the inspection plan and procedure and ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve a win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. The Group actively responds to national policies, strictly abides by laws and regulations on tendering and bidding, standardizes the bidding and procurement processes, actively responds to the national policy call for optimizing the business environment, and prevents any restrictions or exclusion of suppliers on the basis of unreasonable conditions. The Group pursues responsible procurement, formulates and implements second third-level special supplier management systems such as CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers, CRWH Procurement Management System and CRWH Rules on Supplier Qualification Review Management for Procurement Projects in a bid to advance the priority of quality and extension and co-creation of the industrial chain through ensuring the management and control of procurement quality risks, which help to achieve win-win situation with strong suppliers through agreements on strategic cooperation. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 44 The Group s two business lines of beer and baijiu, both implement procurement processes such as supplier introduction, bidding, public procurement and price inquiry, and follows three key principles of fairness, openness and impartiality, with a responsible procurement ratio of 100. By formulating standards of supplier screening and on- site accreditation as well as urging suppliers to sign the Supplier Commitment, the Group advocates suppliers to devote themselves to environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption, full recycling of resources, human rights assessment, etc. In order to fulfil our social responsibility with respect to supply chain management and to strengthen the consideration and management in environmental, social and governance aspects of its suppliers, we require suppliers to read out and affix seals to the Supplier Commitment in both the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers and CRWH Administrative Measures on Suppliers. During the on-site certification of suppliers, we will verify the total number of employees and registered insured persons of the supplier, and advocate the protection of employee rights to the supplier. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report In addition, the Group has developed the Supplier Evaluation Scoring Sheet, which covers the basic requirements that suppliers should meet in environmental protection, including Waste discharge permit; Environmental impact assessment report; Current quarterly environmental monitoring report; Waste water, solid waste treatment equipment, etc. Besides, the Group requires all suppliers for beer operations and baijiu businesses to sign the Supplier Commitment which covers the following requirements Ethical procurement; Adopting safety protection measures in the working environment to ensure the occupational health of employees; Using effectively existing resources and minimizing negative effects on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; Advocating to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, developing and promoting environment-related technological application; Strictly complying with all applicable national laws and regulations; Respecting the human rights of employees, guaranteeing basic employee rights and working hours of employees, and guaranteeing equal employment; Not using child labour and forced or debt-paying employees, and abiding by the relevant provisions of the Labour Contract Law of the PRC; Carrying out knowledge and compliance tests of suppliers and emphasizing on the social responsibility and obligations such as integrity and self-discipline they should perform. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total selected suppliers Suppliers 4, 752 4, 300 Circulation dynamics management of suppliers Number of suppliers reviewed Suppliers 547 347 Number of suppliers whose cooperation was terminated due to noncompliance Suppliers 44 19 Number of potential suppliers rejected due to noncompliance Suppliers 92 0 Breakdown by geographical location Mainland China 99. 9 99. 7 Other regions 0. 1 0. 3 (1) SRM 117 The following table summarizes the information of suppliers of the Group for the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The Group carries out dynamic circulatory management of suppliers list in beer operation and baijiu business and implemented a supplier management system featuring institutionalization, standardization and specialization, based on core areas covering introduction, screening, accreditation, assessment, evaluation, elimination, etc. The relevant management decision report shall be reviewed and approved by the supplier management committee and procurement committee in accordance with the relevant regulations. The Group issued a public solicitation and sourcing announcement for bulk production materials such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials on the CRH Integrity Electronic Bidding Platform (hereinafter referred to as Integrity Platform ), and publicized the supplier access standards on Integrity Platform and SRM System. In 2023, 117 suppliers failed in screening due to reasons such as noncompliance with social responsibilities. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report(2) Supplier certification The procurement department of each unit of the Group determines the scope of supplier certification according to the industry characteristics, supply and demand relationship and material characteristics of actual categories. On- site certification is carried out for bulk materials or services such as raw and auxiliary materials and packaging materials with special requirements for subject matter quality, supply guarantee, food safety and asset safety. New suppliers who fail to pass the on-site certification were given a rectification period within 6 months. If they are still unqualified in the second certification, their application for on-site certification will be rejected within 2 years. Supplier cooperation assessment The suppliers cooperating with the Group in the year shall be assessed annually. The Group conducts monthly assessments on the cooperation with suppliers to ensure the effective performance of the suppliers in terms of seven indicators quality, timeliness, accuracy, declined orders, returned goods, violations and flawed products. The application of process assessment results includes warning, interview, deduction of supply, suspension of supply, direct elimination, etc. Unqualified suppliers shall be eliminated and prohibited from use within 3 years. Dishonest suppliers would be included in the blacklist of suppliers after approval, with a period of no less than 5 years for cooperation cease. In 2023, the Group reviewed a total of 3, 741 suppliers, and proactively terminated cooperation with 44 suppliers and added them to the Supplier Blacklist. Supplier empowerment The Group has formulated the Implementation Details regarding CRSB Management on Star- rated Suppliers of Productive Materials to carry out star rating of suppliers. In addition, after on-site certification, we urged rectification, promoted the timely application of new technologies, new equipment and new methods in the industry at special meetings, and organized training, benchmarking, mutual exchanges and other activities to help suppliers tackle problems and upgrade their skills. Dynamic management of supplier list CRSB supplier list is prepared according to the comprehensive assessment and hierarchical management of suppliers and the circulation dynamics management has been implemented. Guizhou Jinsha launched the supplier collaborative management system in November 2023 to collect information about suppliers in the original Supplier Qualified List of Guizhou Jinsha. Suppliers on the list that do respond to information collection or participate in training will be eliminated and excluded from the supplier collaborative management system. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, there were 547 core suppliers of production materials reviewed by the Procurement Management Center of the Group, of which, 118 suppliers have obtained international certification in environmental, occupational safety such as ISO4500 118001, and 424 suppliers have obtained widely recognized certification in product safety or quality standard such as HACCP, ISO9001 or equivalent standards. We encouraged the suppliers to implement environmental protection, reduction of energy consumption and full utilization and recycling of resources. When conducting on-site accreditation of suppliers, the Group also organized training and test regarding what should be understood and followed for the relevant business personnel of the suppliers. A unified test regarding what should be understood and followed for the existing suppliers will be carried out every three years to intensify the governance and transparency of the suppliers. Companies who fail to meet the standard or response will be eliminated from the list of suppliers of the Group and the cooperation will be ceased for two years. the Group conducted a test regarding What Should Be Understood and Followed for newly-joint suppliers only, so the number presented above does not include suppliers who had previously completed relevant tests. ISO45001 18001 424 HACCP, ISO 9001 69 400 Unit 2023 2022 Number of suppliers participated in the test regarding what should be understood and followedSuppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers passed the test Suppliers 69 23 Number of suppliers failed the test or failed to response Suppliers 0 0 Pass rate 100 100 Elimination rate 0 0 48 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 (VI) PROMOTING GOVERNANCE AND INTEGRITY Business Ethics and Integrity Compliance The Group strictly obeys national laws and regulations pertaining to anti-bribery, extortion, fraud and money-laundering, including the Constitution, the Supervision Law and the Criminal Procedure Law of the People's Republic of China and implements thoroughly and consistently the relevant provisions pertaining to commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering under the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law. As a subsidiary of CRH, the Group strictly complies with and executes relevant systems of its parent company in its production and operation and earnestly carries out the system regulations such as the CRH s Business Code of Practice, the Guidance for the Handling of Complaint Letters and Visits and Discipline Execution and Examination of CRH, the Guidance on Big Supervision System Work of China Resources Company Limited, and the Ten Directives of China Resources. In active response to the requirements of the Measures for Compliance Management of Central Enterprises issued by the State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the Group strictly follows the relevant norms on compliance management, participates in the decision-making of major issues about the Company, strictly conducts 100 legal review of the contracts, systems and major business decisions required by the State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, so as to effectively prevent and control compliance-related risks, and keep a good line of defense against compliance. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group clearly combats commercial bribery, offering or taking bribes, extortion, fraud, money-laundering and other office crimes, and prevents and severely punishes corruption. All employees of CR Beer signed a confidentiality pledge, promising to abide by confidentiality obligations and business ethics. In addition, the Group has organized the setting of a professional and rigorous legal, auditing and discipline inspection team to provide support for the implementation, execution and promotion of various businesses, and give full play to the supporting role of the law, audit and discipline inspection. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn accordance with the instructions and regulatory requirements at all levels, the audit team of the Group prepares a three-year audit work plan around the audit orientation every three years. In order to effectively prevent and resolve major risks, in 2023, the Group revised the CR Beer Measures for the Implementation of Accountability for Investment in Illegal Operation, and newly established the CR Beer Guidelines for Handling Investment Problems and Clues in Illegal Operation, strengthening the supervision of departments and posts with concentrated power, intensive capital, rich resources and concentrated assets of enterprises, and strictly investigating clues of illegal problems in equity investment, engineering construction and fund management to promote compliance operation and high-quality development of the enterprise. The Group focuses on controlling corruption, bribery and other delinquencies from the source to radically reform and concentrate on nipping the bud, and enhances precaution control of major areas such as bidding, procurement, construction, operation and capital management as well as key positions. In 2023, the audit department of the Group carried out the establishment and continuous optimization and update of the approval procedures in operating to facilitate the second-time organizational transformation, and thus to further strengthen the control and the operational efficiency. No material problem concerning the above issues was identified by the Group based on the audit results 18 51 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn respect of disciplinary inspection and monitoring, the Group has identified and controlled integrity risks in relation to bidding and procurement, marketing, and construction of major projects to ensure the legal compliance of its operation. The Group insists that power shall go with responsibility, responsibility must be taken, discipline must be pursued, and failure must be accountable; and the disciplinary inspection department of the Group resolutely punishes corruption without wavering, and handles letters and cases in strict accordance with rules, disciplines and laws. In 2023, for the sake of regulating and preventing corruption risks and promoting business transactions to be conducted in an honest and clean manner, the Group formulated and implemented two systems, namely, the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy and the Whistleblowing Policy, aiming at further improving the compliance system. The Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy clarifies the prohibited behaviors to prevent bribery, and regulates behaviors involving offering benefits, entertainment and souvenirs, charitable donations and sponsorships. The Whistleblowing Policy applies to all employees, management, directors and external third parties with business dealings, clarifies the following aspects in reporting the suspected behaviors, the protection of whistleblowers, confidentiality, reporting channels, anonymous report, investigation, false report and so on. During the reporting period, the Group tracked 100 of cases with the reported clues. The Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Group has also created a column entitled Integrity and Original Aspiration, which focuses on promoting the construction of integrity culture, takes Integrity as the theme and Original Aspiration as the main line, and sets up four sections, namely, Integrity Information, Warning and Vigilance, Ethics and Law Lecture, and Greater Supervision, to publicize the clean culture of CR Beer. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group held two company-wide warning education conferences, covering more than 25, 000 employees, including management-level staff, to continually build up employees awareness of rules. Subordinate secondary units held 171 special warning education conferences in a hierarchical and targeted manner for key areas such as operation, sales and procurement, and covered 18, 000 enrolments in key positions. At the same time, more than 30 people participated in the integrity education on the theme of family style for newly promoted, externally introduced and young cadres. In addition, more than 600 people attended the special meeting of publicizing the integrity culture of the marketing system, operation system and major engineering projects and discussing and co- constructing with partners such as distributors, carriers and contractors, which promoted the construction of integrity cooperation atmosphere and effectively prevented integrity risks. The Group strictly complies with relevant national laws, regulations and internal management systems, and severely handles employees violations of discipline and law. In 2023, a total of 10 employees of the Group committed corruption-related violations of regulations and disciplines and were sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment. The Group has terminated the employment relationship with the above employees in accordance with relevant systems and established a case review mechanism to prevent similar types of cases from happening again. The above cases have not had a significant impact on the Group s business. Procurement Integrity The Group, following compliance operation, is committed to creating a culture of integrity work by promoting integrity culture to its partners, while informing its partners of the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations, etc. The Group clearly prohibits violations of regulations, disciplines and laws, such as illegal connected transactions, taking benefits with power, rent setting and seeking, corruption and bribery, operating enterprises by specific associates through business, and receipt of gifts. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group allocates the procurement approval process to each unit, and accurately divides the list of procurement items and the main responsibility authority. It also carries out hierarchical license management in accordance with procurement category authority and approval limit. It actively adopts the Integrity Platform, promotes the deep integration of bidding and purchasing work with the Internet, and finally realizes efficient, professional, standardized, safe and low- cost bidding management. In the CR Beer Procurement Management System and the CRWH Procurement Management System, the Group clearly stipulates that suppliers must include Sunshine Undertaking as an annex in the preparation of procurement documents and contracts, requiring suppliers to cooperate in good faith; at the same time, it is clearly stipulated that the working group personnel and reviewers involved in procurement activities should sign the Commitment Letter of Integrity and Self-discipline of Procurement Personnel before participating in procurement, know the relevant regulations of the company on integrity and self-discipline of procurement, and ensure strict implementation of all commitments. In addition, we stipulate in the CR Snow Measures for the Administration of Suppliers and the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers that it is necessary to strengthen the publicity of integrity during the on-site certification of suppliers, require suppliers to read out and seal the Supplier Commitment, promising to support CR Snow to establish an open, fair and competitive business environment and respect the values and management principles of CR Snow, and at the same time putting an end to corruption and win over, so as to form a good cooperation atmosphere with a clean and positive atmosphere. During the first meeting about on-site certification of suppliers, the Group focused on promoting the culture of integrity procurement to its suppliers, creating a clean working atmosphere, and positively conveying the prohibitions, work disciplines, rules and regulations that such suppliers should know and follow, so as to promote anti- corruption and integrity to a deeper extent. In 2023, the publicity coverage of the Group towards centralized materials and suppliers of sizeable materials reached 100. 100 100 100 54 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group, taking into account the practical business, resolved to promote and implement compliance management system in the field of bidding and procurement coming with high compliance risks, organized the proposed compliance officers involved in the field of bidding and procurement to participate in the compliance training camp, actively promoted the certified compliance officers in the field to take up the post, and advanced the implement of compliance management system. In 2023, the Procurement Management Center of the Group in beer operation and baijiu business adhered to the multi-level education and publicity of business ethics, integrity warnings and anti- corruption for core members such as employees, supplier management and sales personnel at all levels through various means, such as the procurement system as the key link, supplemented by the annual central business meeting of the Procurement Center, the supplier conference, the first meeting of on-site certification, and the holiday integrity notice. Tax Risk Management In terms of tax-related financial matters, in 2023, the Group s beer business as a whole was taxed in accordance with the statutory corporate income tax rate of 25, except for companies in Sichuan, Tibet and other regions enjoying a preferential tax rate of 15 for the development of the western region, and companies in Tibet enjoying partial exemption in ethnic autonomous areas. The Group s tax risk events in 2023 have been properly handled and no significant disputes have arisen. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportAnti-monopoly and Anti-unfair Competition The Group has fully implemented the arrangements of antimonopoly and anti-unfair competition. In 2022, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group followed up the revision of the Anti- Monopoly Law real time, discussed the possible major impacts on the Company s business, made risk warnings and gave corresponding control suggestions. The Group drafted and issued the Notice on Legal Risk Alert in Anti-Monopoly Law Enforcement Cases, and analyzed the first antimonopoly punishment case of the General Administration of Market Regulation next year, so as to provide a reference for the Company s business compliance. With regard to the daily operations of the Company, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group reviewed the newly launched information system, packaging, product manual, promotion plan, channel construction and other links that might involve unfair competition, and made preventive suggestions. In addition, it carried out professional training on themes such as brand compliance system management, brand endorsement risk prevention, distribution rebate and marketing criminal warning line. In terms of risk management for marketing and anti-dumping and countervailing duty, the Legal Compliance Department of the Group conducted anti-monopoly legal risk training for the Company s senior leaders and professional training on internet business law for the company's legal team in 2023. During contract review and other business document reviews, the Group paid attention to anti-unfair competition, anti-monopoly, commercial bribery and other issues to ensure business compliance. The Group formulated model marketing contracts and model beer distribution contracts to escort business compliance. In addition, the Group formulated personal information protection compliance, data compliance and other systems to prevent relevant legal risks. In 2023, the Group has not been punished by government regulatory authorities due to monopoly or unfair competition. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 2 CARE FOR STAFF The Group has been adhering to a people-oriented management and operation principle for many years. The Group not only strictly complies with the employment laws and regulations, such as the Labour Law of the People s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People s Republic of China, the Social Insurance Law of the People s Republic of China, the Regulations on Insurance for Work- related Injury, the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Protection of Women s Rights and Interests, the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China, the Law of the People s Republic of China on the Promotion of Basic Medical and Health Care, the Prohibition on Child Labor and the Law on the Protection of Minors, but also established human resources management system and management regime, continuously improving and upgrading to properly and effectively manage all employment matters. The Group respects the rights of employees, protects their legitimate rights and interests according to law, provides comprehensive rights and interests protection services for employees, pursues an equal and non-discriminatory labor employment policy, opposes forced labor, eliminates the use of child labor, respects freedom of association, strives to provide employees with a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment, and understands and meets their various needs on work and life. The Group deeply recognizes that the staff is critical to the development of the Group s business, and is of great significance to our product quality, food safety and service reputation. Therefore, the Group has considerable investments in cultivating employees professional skills and encourages career development. I) EQUAL EMPLOYMENT The Group safeguards the employment principle of equality. Hiring information system was adopted to restrict hiring any persons below 18 years old in the recruitment and employment condition and ensure the staff join the work or labor force on a voluntary basis during the site interview and other scenarios. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDuring the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations and internal policies, and was not aware of any illegal hiring of child or forced labor. In term of human rights management, the Procurement Management Center of the Group stipulates in the Supplier Commitment of the CRSB Administrative Measures on Suppliers that all suppliers must respect the human rights of employees, protect the basic rights of employees and the working hours of employees, etc., and require suppliers to read and sign the Supplier Commitment. As the Group s business presence is across the country, the Group adopted a localized employment policy and introduced management trainee and school enrollment system to promote school-enterprise cooperation and employment. Moreover, the Group also encourages employee diversity, cares for women, advocates equal employment rights for people with disabilities, and provides employment opportunities for retired military personnel. Over 46. 9 of the staff had obtained a bachelor s degree. The Group is also employing more than 50 people with disabilities. II) STAFF REMUNERATION AND BENEFIT The Group continued to follow its well-established internal systems and guidelines, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Remuneration Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System, the Manager s Performance Entitlements and Business Expenses Management System, the Recruitment Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, safeguarding the staff s rights and interests. At the same time, the Group continuously improves and enhances the career development channels of employees, with a comprehensive remuneration and benefit system established that combines internal fairness and market competitiveness. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn terms of the management remuneration system, the Group provides long-term incentives such as deferred cash for employees to the President and Vice President, the chief and deputy heads of headquarters departments, the general managers of provincial marketing centers, the directors of core plants, and the sales general managers of provincial capitals and first-line core regions to enhance their work momentum. In respect of the arrangement on staff working hours and holidays, in addition to strictly complying with the national and local laws and regulations, the Group also follow its internal policies on staff package and benefits, including the Attendance and Leave Management System, the Staff Benefit Management System and the Staff Career Development Management Regulations, to protect the rights and interests of employees. The Group s business units have established the management regulations on staff holidays, regulating the arrangement of various staff holidays and application process properly, such as statutory holidays, annual leave, maternity leave, work injury leave, marriage leave, funeral leave, sick leave and other leaves. OA) 59 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) STAFF MANAGEMENT The Group held annual employment inspections and management at the three levels comprising the headquarters, regional companies and business units, and continuously promoted the improvement to ensure the proper execution of the requirements of the aforementioned regulations. The Group has designated the manager in charge of labor policies to act as coordinator during employment. Whenever breaches are identified, they shall be raised to the coordinator immediately. The cases would then be delegated to be investigated and reported relevant personnel on labor policies. The coordinator shall report and make recommendation to the director of human resources department for approval after conducting the analysis. After the above process, the coordinator will confirm the results. Overall, the Group conducts a systematic internal and external risk assessment of the human resources management system on an annual basis and formulates mitigation measures. When abnormal risks occur, the relevant subsidiaries will sort out the risk-related information, including but not limited to the situation of the incident unit, the cause and nature of the incident, the basic process, the scope of influence, the development trend of the incident, the requested items and the disposal suggestions. Within 24 hours, it s necessary to report to CR Snow by telephone and CR working platform in time. At the same time, the Group has established a reflection mechanism for disputes, reflected on labor disputes in the previous year annually, formulated and implemented rectification plans, extracted excellent experiences and examined employment management risks. Typical cases were recorded in the Employment Case Archive for reference and learning to raise HR personnel s awareness of the risk of labor employment disputes. During the reporting period, the Group did not encounter any violation of laws and regulations in relation to human rights and labor rights, which will have significant impact to our business operation, results, financial status and reputation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees People 27, 232 24, 027 Total number of employees by gender Male People 19, 490 17, 456 Female People 7, 742 6, 571 Total number of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below People 7, 266 5, 457 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 People 10, 815 10, 473 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 People 6, 874 6, 189 50 Employees with age 50 or above People 2, 277 1, 908 Total number of employees by region Mainland China People 27, 179 23, 984 Hong Kong People 53 43 Total number of employees with special care Total number of employees with disabilities People 55 83 The scope of the Group s human resources related data mainly involve in the Group s headquarters as well as holding companies and subsidiaries ultimately controlled by its subordinates. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees by grade 514 809 Senior management People 466 687 Male People 48 122 Female People 2, 365 2, 379 Middle-level employees People 1, 961 1, 970 Male People 404 409 Female People 24, 353 20, 839 Junior employees People 17, 063 14, 799 Male People 7, 290 6, 040 Female People The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Voluntary turnover rate of employees 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by gender Male 11. 5 9. 3 Female 6. 4 5. 3 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by age group 29 Employees with age 29 or below 26. 9 26. 4 30 39 Employees with age between 30 and 39 5. 5 4. 2 40 49 Employees with age between 40 and 49 2. 1 1. 3 50 Employees with age 50 or above 1. 8 0. 5 Voluntary turnover rate of employees by region Mainland China and Hong Kong 10. 0 8. 2 Voluntary turnover rate Number of employees in that category who voluntarily propose to leave (resignation, contract expiration, etc.) Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) STAFF COMMUNICATION AND CARE The Group understands various needs and demands from staff proactively through maintaining intimate and positive communications with them and safeguarding their legitimate rights and interests to create an equal and harmonious working environment. The Group keeps a thorough internal communication system through various channels like visits to frontline operation, communication with the general manager and mail box. The Group holds regular meetings with staff representatives to listen to their appeals, and establishes and promotes their sense of ownership. By clarifying the functional positioning, power and responsibility boundaries and operation specifications of multi-level staff representative meetings such as group, company and business meetings, the Group effectively promotes the full play of staff representative meetings at all levels, which is conducive to promoting the all-round and multi-level participation of employees in the democratic management of the Group, promoting the cohesion and consultation between enterprises and employees, safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of employees, and stimulating a strong endogenous driving force for the healthy development of enterprises. The Group respects staff s rights to participate, establish, and refusal of participation in a labor union, striving to ensure that the labor union is a qualified and exemplary home for employees. In 2023, the Group had been in full compliance with the requirements under Section 11 of the Trade Union Law of the People s Republic of China to establish union with 100 rate on staff participation in the union. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTo consider and facilitate communications between staff, the Group has set up work guidance about staff care and realizes the all-round care to staff s safety, emotion and self-realization through the construction of effective and smooth internal communication regulations, as well as the thorough implementation of the regulations on the guidance to build up teamwork and other methods. The Group encouraged the staff to express opinions and demands through annual research on corporate culture recognition and various channels, such as interview days with corporate leaders, survey of staff satisfaction, and mailbox of the general manager, so as to understand the staff s satisfaction with their roles and responsibilities. Since 2018, the Group has conducted employee surveys on corporate culture identity every year for five consecutive years. In 2023, 84 staff of CRSB participated in the survey, with an overall improved score of 81 on job satisfaction and respect. staff of Guizhou Jinsha participated in the 2023 survey, the results of which showed that the employees of Guizhou Jinsha generally recognized the company s strategic development goals and corporate culture, with an overall satisfaction score of 89. 49. The Group is dedicated to promoting the work-life balance and ensuring the physical health, safety, and well-being of its staff by providing various non-monetary benefits to motivate and encourage them. These benefits include the provision of care for female employees, parental leave, learning and training opportunities, career counselling, free body examinations, occupational disease prevention examination services, etc., which contribute to the physical and mental health and career development of employees, and ensure the long-term stable performance of employees at all levels. In terms of mental health, the Group launched psychological counselling services for employees in 2023 and established a feedback mechanism of employee voice to take care of the mental health of employees and conduct corresponding reviews. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d 200 f Case The labor union of China Resources Beer Headquarters organized employees in Beijing to carry out a team building activity with the theme of Riding the Winds and Waves for a Bright Future, and nearly 200 employees in Beijing participated in this activity. j f fCase Miss Liu Yueqin, Director of Beer Products of CRB Institute of Technology, was awarded the title of National women's Meritorious Model by the All-China Women's Feberation. The awarding ceremony of Liu Yueqin Innovation Studio was successfully held in Hebei Plant. In October, emergency rescue (AHA certification) training was held in Beijing and Chengdu, and 24 employees participated in the training and obtained the International First Aid Certificate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j FUNd f e e d 140 e f Case The networking event, Youth Gala Day, with the theme of Summer FUN, Camping Party were successfully held. Through organizing relaxed and interesting outdoor camping and youthful and active game interaction, a trendy social platform has been built for young employees with 140 young people participated in this unique thematic party. j d d 30 f Case On 16 December 2023, the Group held Snow Day event as scheduled to celebrate the 30th anniversary of China Resources Beer. In this regard, the Group has been adhering to the development strategy of building a strong enterprise through talents and is committed to offering diverse training and development opportunities to our staff. The Group has a mature and systematic team of trainers, professional learning design and training operation team, and innovatively refined the organizational learning methodology and talent training mechanism with the characteristics of CR Beer and adapted to the corporate strategy, to create a number of outstanding talent training programmes that are in line with the Group s strategy and business development. The Group reaches leading level in the industry in terms of course quality, quantity and trainer quality. The Group s self- explored talent training methodology has been registered as a copyright by the National Copyright Administration, and has won series of Best Practice Award for Talent Training by Training magazine, CSTD and other well-known enterprise training platforms in China. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, CR Beer Learning and Innovation Center took the CR Beer 3 3 3 Strategy in the New Era as the starting point, the strategic management theme of Excellent Development for Success in Premiumization and the human resources strategy of Leading Change for Success in Talents, practiced the learning concept of From Business to Business and organized all functional lines, sales divisions, regional production departments and Baijiu project company of CR Beer as a whole to carry out the talent training work by category, classification and comprehensive coverage around team construction, beer and baijiu empowerment, digital learning and training management. Under the background of organizational reshaping, transformation and upgrading, the Group fully utilizes the resources of online learning platform of CR Beer Academy of Beer & Baijiu and offline training programs and workshops, to achieve the goal of strengthening the talent team, dual empowerment, online expansion and excellent management to improve the learning management mechanism, enhance the quality of talents, improve organizational efficiency, create business value, and promote premiumization development. Relevant training data contains online and offline training programs. The online training programs were carried out through the Group s self-developed online learning platform Runjiu Academy. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Strengthening the talent team 100 454 270 200 140 270 228 Leading Talent 100The Group has developed a team of senior command talents who can cope with challenges and help the Group to succeed, introduced business education with in-depth Chinese and global educational content, and built a young, professional, market-oriented and international leadership talent pool oriented to the future. The classes of 2022 and 2023 covered about 454 person-times. In 2023, about 270 person- times were covered. Purchasing talent training project It aimed to take insight into external industry trends and implement purchasing strategic intentions; absorbed external frontier practice, and improved purchasing ability by benchmarking. In 2023, about 200 person-times were covered. High-performance middle-level project in the production system It aimed to meet the needs of production system business development and intelligent transformation, effectively improve the management ability of high-performance middle-level management in the production system, and build a high-quality talent echelon for the production system. In 2023, about 140 person-times were covered. Management trainee training program of Fearless Trainees and Future Stars training camp It aimed to establish a comprehensive supporting management talent echelon to meet the training needs of the Company s business development for middle-level management. In 2023, 270 and 228 person-times were covered, respectively. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Dual Empowerment 4 ITBP ITBP 160 1 1 1 1 360 105 72 Terminal Integrated Operation Workshop Referring to terminal cost input modes of national excellent marketing centers, the Group summarized and explored a set of terminal integrated operation modes suitable for the whole country. Four workshops were held in 2023. In 2023, about 160 person-times were covered. White Bone Demon Backbone Talents Training Project of Baijiu SalesThe Group created a platform combining training with practice, trained a group of excellent middle-level personnel, developed a set of skills and knowledge maps, and established a set of experience-sharing mechanisms. In 2023, about 360 person-times were covered. Baijiu Empowering Beauty Internal Trainer Training Project Adhering to the principle of being useful and educated, putting use first, the Group helped to develop baijiu trainer sessions. In 2023, about 105 person-times were covered. Baijiu as White as Jade Baijiu Trainers Ability Improvement ProjectIt aimed to improve the training professional ability of baijiu trainers, and help baijiu project companies to carry out talent development. In 2023, about 72 person-times were covered. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Online extension 5 3 HRBP HRBP 13 35 17 200 13 Snow Lecture Hall It aimed to transform the practical experience of the leaders of each business unit into the experience and capabilities of the organization. In 2023, three business case courses were developed. CR Snow HRBP Micro-course Competition It aimed to precipitate learning resources, increase learning convenience and build a solid HRBP team. In 2023, a total of 13 professional courses and 35 video micro-courses were produced. Development of Micro-course Series on Baijiu s General Knowledge It aimed to develop micro-courses of baijiu general knowledge, start employees learning and growth, tell baijiu product stories well, and spread baijiu brand voices. In 2023, 17 micro-course series on Baijiu s general knowledge were produced, with a total learning time of 200 minutes. In 2023, 13 case courses on the best organizational experience of channel marketing were produced. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Optimizing the management Learning System Construction It aimed to improve the training system to help the training business. In 2023, 14 system optimizations of China Resources Beer were completed, including 1 first-level management system, 6 second-level management methods and 7 third-level training technology and operation guidelines. In 2023, more than 1, 000 video courseware were added to the platform, and 25 functions of three modules were optimized and developed. Learner Conference Through the sharing of internal and external experts, project competitions, and the co-creation of sub-venue topics, it broadened the innovative thinking mode of beer baijiu dual empowerment, and formed a set of excellent project design cases to help each unit carry out talent empowerment. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Total number of employees trained People 27, 232 24, 027 Training coverage rate of employees 100 100 Training coverage rate by gender Male 100 100 Female 100 100 Training coverage rate by grade Senior management 100 100 Middle-level employees 100 100 Junior employees 100 100 Training coverage rate Number of employees trained in that category Number of employees in that category The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The data for 2022 has been corrected and is no longer presented with rounding. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022 Training cost Total training cost of employees RMB 24, 222, 603 15, 736, 000 Average training cost per employee RMB 890 655 Training hours Total training hours of employees Hours 966, 066 761, 500 Average training hours per employee Hours 35. 5 31. 7 Average training hours by gender Male Hours 35. 7 32. 0 Female Hours 34. 9 30. 7 Average training hours by grade Senior management Hours 37. 6 28. 4 Middle-level employees Hours 36. 8 30. 2 Junior employees Hours 35. 3 32. 0 45 38 11 6 92 ESG Among the training, approximately 45 is for industry-related professional training, approximately 38 is for occupational general training, approximately 11 is for corporate culture training, and approximately 6 is for leadership training. Among the training, approximately 92 is related to ESG management improvement. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Average training time per employee (Total training hours of employees Proportion of employees trained in that category) Number of employees in that category 75 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 100 In order to motivate talents and ensure the stable development of the Group, the Group has formulated a comprehensive and well- developed talent team-building plan and management and leadership development training programs for employees at all levels to enhance the upward mobility of employees within the Company. The Group constantly optimizes the talent promotion system and ladder, and modifies the performance assessment system to promote the career development of the staff. In 2023, the Group actively implemented the three-year talent planning standard by continuously improving the manager management system and daily supervision system under the structure of the listed company CR Beer, so as to meet the needs of the organization, take into account the career development of employees, and continue to build up the advantages of beer talents. In addition, we continued to improve talent standards, used a variety of assessment tools to carry out talent assessment, and improved talent standards and evaluation systems. At the same time, we improved the management measures for employee career development, promote the evaluation and recruitment management of professional directors, improved the promotion path, built a strong dual channel for career development, and enhanced the skill level of talents. VI) OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY PRODUCTION The Group has been continuously adhering to the work management philosophy of people oriented and safe development, regarding the safeguarding staff health and safety as primary task for its safety management and pursuing zero injuries and zero incidents. The Group strictly implemented the national laws and regulations pertaining to production safety and occupational health, complied with relevant laws and regulation and safety standards and specifications of the industry such as the Production Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, the Fire Protection Law of the People s Republic of China and the Law of the People s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, including the Regulations on Safety Training of Production Operation Units and the Information Report and Treatment of Production Safety Incidents, and acted in diligence based on the safety-first management principle. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportUnder the guidance of relevant laws and regulations, the Group strictly carried out main responsibility for corporate safety, production and occupational health, and established a sound safety, production and occupational health management system with CRH characteristics and CRSB s features. Through the establishment and improvement of a responsibility system, oversight security, education training, risk control and other systems, we ensured the implementation of policies and enhanced continuously the corporate s safety management level. With Zero Injuries and Zero Incidents as its management direction, the Group has set a safety production target of zero work-related fatalities. Statistics on work-related fatalities in the past two years The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 and 2021 does not. In addition, the Group continued to control injuries of minor injuries and below with a non-zero control target of keeping the injury rate per thousand employees of less than 1. 65. In 2023, the Group recorded 30 employees with work-related injuries and the number of working days lost due to work-related injuries was 906 days. The injury rate per thousand employees was 0. 84 (injury rate per thousand employees No. of employees with work-related injuries No. of employees in the company 1, 000). Unit 2023 2022 2021 Number of work-related fatalities People 0 0 0 1. 65 30 906 0. 84 1, 000 77 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 14 400 EHS EHS EHS EHS During the reporting period, there were 14 traffic accidents among employees of the marketing system, resulting in 400 working days lost. In order to strictly control the marketing safety risks, the Group subsequently launched a three-year special campaign on marketing safety, determined the management process and standard requirements of traffic safety, and promoted and implemented it in all units within the Group. In addition, in term of the safety infrastructure of the marketing system, the Group issued a number of systems, such as the Comprehensive Management Measures for Marketing EHS (Trial), the EHS Management Guidelines for Marketing Leased Office Space, the Safety Management Guidelines for Marketing System Team- building Activities, the Traffic Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System, the Fire Safety Management Guidelines for China Resources Beer Marketing System and the Notice on Implementing Job Responsibilities of Part-time Safety Administrators in Sales Regions, in a bid to standardize the EHS management of marketing centers of CR Snow, CRWH Marketing Management Center and marketing centers of subordinate project companies in provinces, and clarified the work requirements and workflow of safety management for marketing rented office space and team-building activities as well as daily EHS comprehensive management. j d EHS d e d 30 55 f Case In June, 2023, the Group held a three-day marketing system EHS seminar and exchange meeting in Wuhan, which discussed and summarized in combination with the pain points and difficulties in the current stage of marketing safety management, and was attended by 55 marketing system principals and full-time safety managers from 30 provincial marketing units of China Resources Beer. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report External certifications Unit 2023 2022 Number of plants that passed the assessment and review by the National Production Safety StandardizationPlants 61 59 Certification breakdown Number of plants that recognized as the second-class enterprise Plants 29 24 Number of plants that recognized as the third-class enterprise Plants 32 35 ISO45001 Number of plants that obtained ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system certificationPlants 27 16 EHS The Group are committed to improving our management systems related to occupational health and safety management so that the Group s safety management standards meet national certification standards and are recognized internationally. The statistics of the number of plants of the Group that have passed external certification are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The Group insisted on the supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors while realizing the systematic, standardized and professional management of the company s business. Through re-identifying and re-evaluating EHS risks, the Group takes targeted risk control measures to strengthen the safety management of related parties. In the CRWH Measures for the Administration of Suppliers, the Group specifies that the working environment of suppliers and employees shall be subjected to safety precautions and protection of employees occupational health. The Group strictly controls the entry and review gates in accordance with the principle of whoever reviews is the gatekeeper and whoever approves is responsible, and carries out comprehensive supervision and management of the occupational safety and health of suppliers and subcontractors (contractors) in terms of pre-qualification, pre-service preparation, inspection and supervision during operation, products, technical services, performance evaluation and renewal. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group s requirements for safe production management are also applicable to the supply chain to ensure that workers in the supply chain are protected in terms of health and safety during the production process. For example, the Group controlled its suppliers in accordance with the four unified principle, requiring them to comply with the Group s safety guidelines and report to the Group according to the control indicators such as serious injuries and above, fire accidents and onsite traffic accidents with serious injuries and above. j Case Intelligent Personnel Violation Warning System of Xindu Plant Xindu Plant installs personnel identification and monitoring system in the palletizer fence of the packaging department. If personnel enter the area illegally, it will send out sound and light alarm prompts, and at the same time, the on-site and office monitoring videos will receive alarm information until the personnel leave the dangerous area, thus realizing the man-machine linkage function. The Group also adopts the emergency management principle of preventive-oriented and constant preparedness to strengthen the preparation, evaluation, training and drills of emergency plans and the construction of emergency rescue teams, to implement the responsibilities of the plans and emergency rescue equipment, devices and materials, and to improve the emergency management capability of the enterprise. The Group also arranged for staff to participate in safety activities, continuously carried out safety observation activities for hazard source and hazard factor identification and behaviour with full participation, focused on process control, regulated staff s safety behavior as well as innovated safety inspection methods. EHS inspection teams were set up by the EHS Department. In the third quarter, 46 production plants and 6 marketing centers of CR Snow were inspected on site, and a total of 1, 677 and 35 hidden problems were inspected respectively, most of which were rectified. The Group required all units to draw inferences from others, continuously strengthen the safety awareness of all employees, discover and eliminate EHS hidden dangers in time, and prevent various EHS accidents. In 2023, the Group comprehensively revised the hazardous operations safety management system, launched remediation projects on hot work operations, hoisting work operations, working at heights and fall protection, established an information system for hazardous operations safety management, and promoted the establishment of a full-process supervision mechanism for hazardous operations from application, approval, supervision, and acceptance to consolidate the foundation for safety management. For example, in September, the Group organized a kick-off meeting the launch of CR Beer Remediation Projects on Working-at-Heights and Fall Protection, organized training at its factories to give detail explanation on the standards, processes and management requirements for high-altitude operation and fall protection operation, and clarified the subsequent transformation of various facilities, etc. In order to enhance the safety awareness of employees, the Group has carried out a number of projects and activities on occupational health and safety, including the 100-Day Campaign for Related Parties and Hazardous Operations, the China Resources Beer Safety Production Month, the Special Training on First Aid Knowledge of Jinsha Wine Industry, etc., in order to investigate major risks related to occupational safety and deal with potential crises through training and equipment renewal. In 2023, in view of the hidden dangers that may cause major accidents in safety and environmental protection, such as fire protection, ammonia refrigeration, dust and sewage management, the Group increased the number of inspections, strengthened investment in safety production funds, and ensured the bottom line of safety production. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe relevant data on occupational health and safety management of the Group's beer business in the past two years are as follows. The data of baijiu business shall be collected and disclosed on the same basis in the next year The Group encouraged EHS managers at all levels to improve their business level, and arranged continuing education and training for those with registered safety engineer qualification certificates. In 2023, all corporate officers and safety management personnel at all levels of the Group obtained safety management certificates, 115 of them are dedicated security management staff, and 90 of them are registered safety engineers. Besides, all specialties employees hold valid qualification certificates. Unit 2023 2022 Safety check-up times Times 3, 070 1, 053 Exclusive funds for safe production purposes RMB0 000 9, 287 5, 285 Safety education and training hours Hours 425, 700 642, 000 Safety training times to employees Times 53, 215 55, 304 Safety training times to suppliers, subcontractors, contractors and other related partiesTimes 23, 799 24, 975 Safety and Emergency drills Times 604 600 Participants 11, 683 11, 800 Safety education training rate 100 100 Occupational disease-related health check-up rate 100 100 Coverage rate of occupational hazard notification and warning sign placement in the workplace 100 100 EHS 115 90 82 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOCCUPATIONAL HEALTH The Group pays attention to the occupational health management of employees and improves management by setting up occupational health management institutions and allocate occupational health management personnel. The Group monitors occupational hazards in the workplace and formulate occupational disease prevention and control plans and implementation plans accordingly. In terms of the occupational health management of employees, the Group has compiled the Administrative Regulations on Occupational Health Checklist. The Group promoted health activities for all employees, advocated a healthy lifestyle, carried out employee health education, created a corporate culture that incorporates health considerations, and coordinated corporate development with employee health; built a good working environment for employees, vigorously implemented 5S on-site management, and created a comfortable and pleasant working environment for employees as much as possible. In terms of improving the working environment, the Group has implemented standards such as the Regulations on the Administration of Occupational Health in the Workplace, strengthened the management of occupational disease prevention facilities, and effectively improved the working environment. In particular, scientific measures have been taken to strengthen the treatment and control of occupational disease hazards such as noise and dust. In addition, the Group also regularly organizes employees to participate in Registered Occupational Health Specialist training and encourages employees to obtain the certificate. S 80dB(A) 1 1 7 83 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 3 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The Group takes environmental protection as its own responsibility, and adheres to environmental protection and ensure the sustainability of resources during its management and operation process. The Group strictly follows the national and local laws and regulations on environmental protection, including the Environmental Protection Law, the Law on Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes and the Law on Prevention and Control of Soil Pollution, as well as the relevant pollutant discharge standards, such as the Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry, the Discharge Standard of Water pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, the Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boiler and the Standard for Pollution Control on the Storage and Disposal Site for General Industrial Solid Wastes. I) SUPERVISION SYSTEM ON ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE In conjunction with the business needs, the Group set up a comprehensive environmental protection management system and established an ecological environmental protection system optimization working group to discuss the optimization of the environmental protection system framework. In 2023, the Group completed the revision of rules and regulations for water pollution prevention and control, air pollution prevention and control, solid waste management, noise pollution prevention and control, and pollutant (sewage) management measures, which covered the EHS management of the baijiu business, and unified the management standards and templates. As of 2023, the Group implemented a total of 67 EHS systems, including 40 fire safety management systems, 20 food safety management systems and 7 environmental protection systems. EHS 67 EHS 40 20 7 84 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportDuring the period under review, the Group issued the CRB Six Prohibitions on Ecological Environmental Protection and included non-compliance in the judgement of significant environmental protection risks. The Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, CRWH EHS Responsibility Management Measures, Guizhou Jinsha EHS Responsibility Management System, CR Beer Three-Year Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and other rules and regulations. For the first time, it established a comprehensive EHS management system in conjunction with the construction projects in progress, and issued the Draft for Comments of EHS Management System for Construction Projects, which marked the beginning of a new phase of specialized EHS management of CR Beer construction projects in progress. The Group completed the revision and issuance of the CR Beer Measures for Supervision and Management of Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Inspection Standards for Ecological Environmental Protection, the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System and the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges to promote the systematic and standardized management of environmental protection. In 2023, the Group promoted ecological environment protection, energy conservation and emission reduction work in a solid and effective manner in accordance with the working mechanism of overall planning by the headquarters, overall responsibility by the region, and implementation by plants. The Group focused on 9 key tasks including the compliance of pollutant discharge permits, the whole process management of solid waste, strengthening environmental protection supervision and inspection, strengthening sewage source control, prevention and control of noises, environmental protection supervision of plants to be optimized. In order to actively change the EHS work situation and systematically improve the Company s EHS risk control and management capability, the Group set up an EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team in 2023, headed by Mr Hou Xiaohai, Chairman of the Board, which is responsible for researching and laying out the planning of the Company s EHS risk management and control and regularly reviewing the implementation of medium- and long-term risk control planning, accident and incident management and response to public opinion, EHS funding and implementation of work requirements of the higher level, and carrying out EHS risk management and control. CRSB, its production plants and marketing centers also set up corresponding EHS committees in accordance with the requirements. EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 8 EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 85 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group regularly organizes EHS meetings to summarize EHS work and deploy EHS tasks. In 2023, the Group held the ESG Task Force meeting and the carbon management thematic seminar for the first time and has respectively held the EHS Committee (Enlarged) meeting, the EHS quarterly working meeting, the EHS work summary and business seminar in the first half of 2023, the stage meeting of the EHS Risk Management and Control Governance Team, and the summary meeting for the implementation status of the CRB Carbon Peak Action Plan for the first half of 2023. The Group s President and senior management team, the heads and EHS functional personnel from each functional department center in the headquarters, from each region and each plant participated in the meetings through offline and online forms. The Group s EHS department prepares CRSB EHS Management Monthly Report every month to convey work requirements, reflect business trends, share work experience, and communicate information from top to bottom. In terms of EHS management of project companies, the Group organized and held a meeting to re-emphasize the EHS inspection and rectification of CRWH project companies in 2023, and put forward specific requirements for the rectification measures made by CRWH based on the content of the Notice on EHS Inspection Report of CRWH Project Companies, so as to rapidly promote the rectification of EHS hazards, consolidate the EHS management, and control the EHS risks of CRWH project companies. The EHS department coordinates the Production Center and its lower-level organizations (such as production zones, plants, etc.) to set annual carbon emission intensity assessment targets based on the company s overall carbon emission intensity annual plan. The assessment covers all production systems, including the head of regional production centers, regional production directors, plant leaders, EHS managers and all plant employees. The assessment also covers the Company s management team, which includes the Chairman of the board and president. In terms of environmental protection training, in 2023, the Group organized a total of 8 training and publicity sessions on environmental protection, water, air, solid waste, noise and other related systems, ecological and environmental protection statistical reporting in the Group s direct reporting system, and key inspection points of ecological environment, with a total of 1, 199 personnel from all units participating in the training and examinations. EHS EHS EHS ESG EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS EHS 100 8 1, 199 86 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOn 26 September 2023, CR Beer organized the online training on Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, focusing on the formation, principles and important requirements of Xi Jinping s Thought on ecological civilization, the latest policies and requirements of the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, as well as the enterprise s paths and ways to achieve green, low-carbon and high-quality development. Meanwhile, in light of the requirements of the upcoming third round of the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection, CR Beer introduced matters that the enterprise should pay attention to in meeting the central inspection of ecological and environmental protection. A total of 413 personnel participated in the training. In order to give full play to the role of talents in the supervision and management of ecological and environmental protection work, in 2023, the Group issued the Notice on the Entry of CR Beer Environmental Protection Experts into the Talent Pool, forming the CR Beer Environmental Protection Expert Pool, which consists of three expert groups Compliance Management, Wastewater System Management and Comprehensive Management. Through multi- dimensional evaluation of qualifications, professional skills and comprehensive ability, the first batch of 5 sewage experts, 3 compliance experts and 3 comprehensive experts were introduced in the talent pool. With the full implementation of the second transformation of the organization, in order to better eliminate the blind spots of EHS management and prevent and resolve major EHS risks, combined with the need for responsible interaction, the environmental protection experts provided assistance and business guidance on the risk issues raised by more than 10 production plants in Qiannan, Dongguan, Lanzhou, Hefei, Shangqiu and Hainan. In 2023, the Group issued the Notice on Further Clarifying Reporting Standards and Reporting Requirements for Environmental Protection Incidents, further clarifying the reporting standards, reporting time limits, reporting methods and reporting processes for environmental protection incidents in combination with the CR Beer Measures on EHS Accident and Incident Management. In 2023, the Group was not aware of any major incident relating to environmental protection. EHS EHS 10 EHS 87 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group promoted the inspection of ecological and environmental protection in units at all levels by means of plant self-inspection, regional inspection, headquarters random inspection, and look-back projects to achieve full coverage of all plants. In 2023, the Group issued investigation work requirements including Notice on Forwarding the Group s Warn to Effectively Strengthen Solid Waste Management, Forwarding Group s Notice on Carrying out Special Investigation and Rectification of Compliance Issues of Sewage and Drainage Permit Management, Notice on conducting Self-Investigation and Self-Correction of Ecological and Environmental Protection Project Inspections, and Notice on Further Strengthening Compliance Management of Environmental Protection Work. In addition, the regular verification of original accounting documents and materials on discharge data of sewage, air, solid waste was carried out in 8 plants, with Qiannan Plant being one of them. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Step 1 Formulation of inspection standards and engagement of collaborating manufacturers for inspection Step 2 Establishment of system for data inspection and direct reporting of internal data Step 3 On-site environmental checks The Group develops and implements inspection and testing standards for pollutant discharge. Each production plant establishes an online monitoring system according to the national standards or corporate standards, conducts self- monitoring on pollutants on a daily basis, and shares data with the local ecological environmental supervision platform. Meanwhile, the Group regularly entrusts third-party agencies with professional qualifications to carry out inspections on each production unit. The inspection scope covers water pollutants, air pollutants, noise, etc., and the relevant environmental information and the environmental performance of the plants subject to key supervision would be publicly disclosed. Units at all levels of the Group inspect various environmental data regularly. By utilizing the environmental data reporting system, primary-level units (plants) report the data directly, which is subject to the review and statistical analysis by the departments, plants, regional companies and the headquarters to ensure its accuracy. The plants conducted regular on-site environmental checks to check and review the truthfulness, accuracy and consistency of internal inspected data, online monitored data, results of entrusted inspection, and environmental data reported to the government. On-site checks have been conducted in all plants. Three-step management procedures for environmental data of CR Beer 89 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report ESG Unless otherwise indicated, the scope of the Group s environmental data mainly covers China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited and the production plants of subordinate units at all levels. The Group completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) on 10 January 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for management. The data of Guizhou Jinsha for the year 2023 has been collected, audited and included in the ESG reporting scope of the year in accordance with the relevant system, but the information for the same period in 2022 could not be collected and disclosed since Guizhou Jinsha had not yet joined as a subsidiary of the Group. The environmental impacts of the non-production departments (including the headquarters and regional companies, sales centers, business departments, etc.) are not material to that of the overall operation of the Group, thus are excluded from the data scope. The scope of environmental data (II) GREEN AND LOW-CARBON DEVELOPMENT Green and low-carbon operation Since 2021, the Group formally incorporated green and low-carbon development into the Company s development strategy, clarified its carbon emission management functions and responsibilities, organized a special study on carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality, collected, organized and analyzed the Group s historical carbon emission base data, combined with the Company s development strategy, benchmarked the carbon emission targets of international top-tier beer groups, and initially formulated the carbon reduction targets and corresponding carbon reduction technology plans for the 14th Five-Year. The Group improved the comprehensive evaluation standard system for production capacity optimization, and viewed pollutant emissions, carbon emission intensity and environmental sensitivity as important indicators for screening optimized plants. Meanwhile, carbon emission standards for relocated and newly-built plants were strictly controlled, and the carbon emission intensity of newly-built plants was required to pass the environmental impact assessment implemented by the local Ecology and Environment Bureau, so as to promote the green transformation and upgrading of bases and major plants. During the year under review, the Group ceased the operation of two breweries and established a new intelligent chemical plant in Bengbu, Anhui Province. At the end of 2023, the Group s beer business operated 62 breweries in 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in Mainland China, and 2 baijiu production plants in Guizhou Province in Mainland China. The Group promoted process upgrades to reduce carbon emissions in the production process. In 2023, the Group promoted a study on the CIP (Clean-In-Place) cold cleaning technology and formally implemented process adjustments in the fourth quarter, with process upgrades implemented in 90 of breweries. The Group promoted the transformation of equipment to reduce carbon emissions and steadily phased out high-emission equipment. In 2023, the Group replaced all high-emission equipment, all transmission devices were configured in accordance with the standards of Grade I energy efficiency, and plant- wide heat energy balance planning and layout was carried out in all of its Grade I and Grade II plants. In 2023, eight of the Group s plants successfully launched the SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition), with 26. 7 of the overall project target achieved. With respect to the intelligent upgrading of production equipment, in 2023, 10 of the Group s plants completed the implementation of the equipment intelligent upgrading project, and 14 plants have signed contracts. In terms of promoting the construction of intelligent systems, in 2023, the Group completed the system construction of intelligent projects in Zhengzhou Plant, which has been formally put into operation. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group strictly controls building energy efficiency standards and carries out building energy efficiency renovation. The Group advocates a low-carbon administrative office. In 2023, 104, 938 offline meetings were replaced by online meetings, and offline reimbursements were reduced by 15, 538 sheets year-on-year. As of January 2024, 9 of the Group s plants have been awarded the title of provincial Green Plant, among which 5 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu, Qiannan and Wuhan have been awarded the title of national Green Plant. During the period under review, the Group has completed the project approval, expert review, bidding, and invited third party organizations to complete the preliminary on-site investigation of 11 plants, and some of the plants have completed the confirmation of the Carbon-neutral Plant construction plan. Green and Low-carbon Supply Chain The Group encourages suppliers to produce in a green way and assume environmental responsibility. In the Supplier Commitment, suppliers are expressly required to use effectively existing resources and minimize negative effect on the environment in the process of production and supply chain; and to advocate to shoulder environmental protection responsibility, develop and promote environment-related technological application. The Group also encourages green logistics by actively promoting the use of multimodal transport such as railways and cargo ships in long-distance freight transportation to reduce the proportion of trucks used in long-distance transportation. In 2023, the Group completed the construction of the platform for the national warehouse network planning project and put it into operation. ISO 14068-1 (PAS 2060) 2 11 (2022) 11, 940 1, 650 10, 290 92 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case Lanzhou sales region promoted the reform of the bottle recycling channel 17 13 62 Currently, the participation rate of distributors in bottle recycling is low, and the market is mostly dominated by social channels (e. g. scavengers, bottle recyclers, etc.) that recycle waste bottles in sacks and return them to the plant, with high bottle damage and poor quality. In August 2023, the Group launched a bottle recycling channel reconstruction project to flatten the bottle recycling structure, shorten the intermediate links, promote palletising of recycled bottles and improve the quality of recycled bottles. In Lanzhou sales region, a pilot region, 13 out of 17 distributors have set out for bottle recycling, 62 of the distributors have fully implemented the palletised bottle recycling mode. With the gradual follow-up of the marketing centers and sales regions, the Group will lead the beer bottle recycling industry to bid farewell to the old era of bottle recycling in sacks and cartons, and fully usher in the new era of distributor-based palletised bottle recycling. The Group optimized the glass bottle recycling model by reducing the intermediate stages such as bottle handling and washing from the design of logistics and transportation routes and the integration of shipping capacity, so as to increase the turnover rate and the recycling rate of glass bottles, and to reduce the procurement of new bottles and the impact of carbon emissions from packaging materials. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, the Group recruited experts in the field of product carbon footprint, completed the launch, approval and expert verification of the value chain synergistic carbon reduction path research project, and initially completed the business planning for product carbon footprint. The Group promoted supply chain coupling and collaborative carbon reduction, and actively understood the carbon emission management and ESG report situation and preparation status of star-rated suppliers and group-type suppliers, and formed a research and statistical table. The Group is studying the adoption of on-site theoretical calculation methods to comprehensively sort out the total amount of Scope 3 carbon emissions and carbon emission intensity, and gradually promote the statistics on Scope 3 carbon emission data. The Group considers the risks and opportunities of low-carbon transformation from a long-term perspective, divides responsibilities by department, establishes supplier management documents at each level, and issues third-party certified CFP (Carbon Footprint of Product) and EPD (Environmental Product Declaration). In 2023, 8 of the Group s plants in Lu'an, Jilin, Harbin, Heilongjiang, Xing an, Binhai, Hebei and Ningbo were awarded the Energy Management System Certification. In terms of energy metering, the Group has achieved a complete configuration of three-level metering instruments (master meter, secondary meter and tertiary meter). In 2023, the Group initiated the construction of an intelligent plant project with a total investment of RMB53. 95 million to promote the implementation of an intelligent energy management system module for the automatic collection and analysis of energy consumption data. At the end of 2023, 25 breweries affiliated to the Group implemented automatic collection of energy data and it is planned to achieve full coverage by 2026. ESG LCA CFP EPD 8 5, 395 25 94 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance Report Steam decoding Electricity consumption decoding Carbon dioxide recycling Saccharification steam consumption decoding; Biogas-generated steam decoding; Glass bottle packaging line decoding. Glass bottle packaging line decoding; Cans and jars packaging line decoding; Theoretical calculation of electrical consumption for packaging; Refrigeration power consumption accounting; Ice-water deoxygenation segmentation. Decoding of desirable recycling quantities; Decoding of desirable use quantities; Standardization of carbon dioxide outsourcing. The Group has fully achieved zero coal consumption since 2021, being committed to reducing the use of non-renewable natural resources such as gasoline, diesel and natural gas, and increasing the proportion of clean energy and renewable energy used. The chartered vehicle business was introduced, with most of the company-owned vehicles basically cancelled in plants. Gasoline consumption of beer business decreased by 20. 4 year on year due to the reduction of company-owned vehicles. In order to reduce energy consumption and achieve low-carbon production, the Group continued to promote energy decoding. In respect of the use of steam and electricity, based on the principle of conservation of energy and taking into account the characteristics of the brewing process and the optimal operation mode, the Group studied and output the desirable values of energy consumption in key processes. The Group also actively promoted heat recovery systems to supply waste heat from brewing to packaging. In addition, the Group continued to promote multi-dimensional benchmarking management of energy consumption, including benchmarking of desirable consumption values and horizontal comparisons among plants, to identify anomalies in water heat balances, heat losses and thermal efficiency, and to identify shortcomings in the business and make improvements. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 69. 1 29 6 12. 4 Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change 1, 000 Total Energy Consumption 1, 000 kWh 1, 848, 696 1, 804, 685 2. 4 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Non-renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh 358, 313 410, 293 12. 7 1, 000 Direct Energy Consumption Renewable energy sources1, 000 kWh 8, 466 7, 318 15. 7 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Electricity purchased1, 000 kWh 551, 235 565, 551 2. 5 1, 000 Indirect Energy Consumption Imported steam1, 000 kWh 930, 683 821, 523 13. 3 1, 000 Consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit 1, 000 kWh kilolitre output0. 1708 0. 1584 7. 8 72 1, 000 The use of electric forklifts in place of diesel forklifts was actively promoted to reduce the number of diesel forklifts used in plants. Diesel consumption decreased by 69. 1 year-on-year with the outsourcing of the forklift operation business and the cancellation of diesel forklifts used in plants. The number of plants using natural gas decreased to 29, among which 6 were equipped with a dual supply system of outsourced steam lines and natural gas boilers, and can be adjusted according to the energy supply situation to ensure stable and economical energy consumption. During the period under review, natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 year on year. The energy consumption of the Group in the past two years is set out as follows Same item of consolidated energy consumption intensity per unit has been listed as on page 72 but presented in the unit of 1, 000 kWh. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. The production processes and procedures for baijiu differ significantly from those for beer, so the year-on-year fluctuations arise from baijiu products with more intensive energy and resource consumption. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportRenewable Energy The Group has actively promoted its subsidiaries plants to recover and utilize biogas generated from anaerobic digestion of sewage treatment, and then generated steam for production use from biogas boilers, which acts as a renewable energy source to reduce environmental pollution and energy consumption. The project team of Research on the Optimization of Sewage Anaerobic Biogas Steam Production System was established to further improve the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield, promote good practice experience and practices, improve the biogas yield of each production plant, resulting in mature technologies and best operation models after years of research. In 2023, the Group further promoted the optimization study of the biogas-generated steam system and established the best implementation guidelines and standards for sewage biogas yield through a three-step action of strengthening the source control capability, enhancing the anaerobic treatment capability and improving the boiler s steam production capability, which was fully promoted among its subsidiaries. In 2023, the Group newly equipped 3 breweries with biogas boilers, bringing the total number to 38 and the deployment rate to 62, generating approximately 132, 000 tonnes of steam from biogas and saving approximately RMB35. 17 million in cost of purchasing external steam. The Group steadily promotes photovoltaic power generation and energy storage projects, increasing the amount of photovoltaic power generation and electricity consumption actively. Since the first pilot photovoltaic power generation project was launched in Xiaoshan Plant in Zhejiang in 2019, the Group actively promotes the implementation of photovoltaic power generation projects in new plants to be built as well as plants in operation, and signed a framework agreement with China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited to promote photovoltaic project cooperation among the first batch of 24 plants. In 2023, Xiaoshan, Nanjing and Bengbu plants were put into operation and Jinan Plant signed the photovoltaic power generation contract with the project under construction. Upon completion of the project, it is expected to generate 86. 53 million kWh of electricity annually and reduce carbon emissions by 72, 800 tonnes each year. In addition, the Group continued to coordinate the procurement of green power, making use of renewable energy according to local conditions. The Group is promoting medium-to-long-term strategic procurement of green power such as wind power, hydropower, solar power, and nuclear power in an orderly manner, with timely adjustment of the proportion of procurement according to changes in local on-grid electricity prices. In 2023, the Group coordinated and promoted the procurement of green power in 21 of its plants, with some plants having achieved 100 green power. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 6, 892 12. 38 9 15 j 100 Case 100 green power direct purchase of Binhai Plant 100 In 2023, CRSB Binhai Plant actively sought external green energy channels, and signed an all-green power direct purchase agreement with China Resources (Beijing) Electric Power Sales Co., Ltd. ( ( ) ) to finalize the supply of 100 green power, which will facilitate CRSB Binhai Plant in achieving the goal of becoming a zero-carbon power plant in 2024, marking a new breakthrough for CRSB in the path of green and low-carbon development. In 2023, through the active promotion of photovoltaic power generation projects and the procurement of green power, the total electricity used by the Group from renewable energy amounted to 68. 92 million kWh, accounting for 12. 38 of the total electricity consumption by the beer business. All of the Group s plants have phased out their coal-fired boilers, and the amount of coal consumption in 2023 continued to be zero. In addition, the Group reduced its consumption of fossil fuels such as natural gas by improving the efficiency of biogas recycling and utilization, and increasing the use of renewable energy. In 2023, the Group s natural gas consumption decreased by 12. 4 year-on-year, and the low sulphur content of the natural gas purchased by some of its plants drove down sulphur dioxide emissions by 8. 6 year-on-year. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group continued to implement low-nitrogen combustion conversion for gas-fired boilers in recent years. In 2023, 11 plants implemented low-nitrogen combustion renovation of gas (biogas) boilers, which reduced the emission of atmospheric pollutants and led to a year-on-year decrease of 10. 2 in nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions. Other odorous gases such as waste gases from yeast drying and injection moulding were also collected and disposed of simultaneously, and a cumulative investment of approximately RMB2. 4 million was made for renovation in biogas collection and utilization. The Group s air emissions was mainly generated from the burning of fuels for heat energy required in the beer production process, data of air emissions in the past two years are set out as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. NOx) 10. 2 9 892 240 Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change (SO2) Sulphur dioxide (SO2) Tonnes 8 9 8. 6 (NOX) Nitrogen oxides (NOX) Tonnes 60 67 10. 2 25 99 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 25 4 2025 2023 2025 Key Objectives 2023 Completion Status 2 3 3 Explore Carbon-neutral Plant construction program and carry out pilot construction of 2 to 3 carbon-neutral demonstration plants. Carbon-neutral Plant construction program for three pilot plants in Liangshan, Bengbu and Wuhan were formulated and are now being promoted for implementation. A total of 4 plants in Heilongjiang, Zhengzhou, Xindu and Qiannan were awarded the title of 2023 National Green Plant; a total of 3 plants in Hebei, Neijiang and Qiandongnan were awarded the title of 2023 Provincial Green Plant. The carbon emission intensity per unit of product of CRSB in 2023 was 68. 5 kg CO2 equivalent kilolitre output, a decrease of 19. 4 compared with 2020. 9 15 6, 892 12. 38 To increase the proportion of new-energy electricity consumption in total electricity consumption to no less than 9, with a long-term goal to exceed 15. 68. 92 million kWh of new-energy electricity was used in 2023, accounting for 12. 38 of total electricity consumption. The main objectives and completion status of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan are set out as follows In 2023, the Group formulated and issued the CRSB Measures for Management of Carbon Emissions, which set out specific requirements for carbon emission management organizations and responsibilities, carbon emission data management, carbon asset trading, etc., and improved the carbon emission management system. In terms of the organizational structure of carbon emission management, the Group introduced domestic and foreign carbon emission management professionals, defined full-time carbon management positions, and clearly set up separate carbon emission management positions in the EHS departments of 9 plants with carbon emissions of 26, 000 tonnes or more. In addition, the Group conducted research and analysis of economic policies on carbon asset trading, completed one internal inventory estimation of carbon assets, and communicated with the finance department once; completed 6 carbon management training sessions, and trained 78 personnel with carbon inventory capabilities. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 100 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during beer production process Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from production processes Emissions from fuel combustion Milling Prote olysis Starch excipients Milling Gelatinizat ion Gelatinated starch Carbon dioxide Yeast Hops Carbon dioxide Corporate boundaries Maturation Filtration Fermentation Wort boiling Wort separation Wort coolin g Packag ing contain er cleanin g Sterilizatio n Filling Cartonning Spent yeast Condensing solid waste Malt Filter tank cleaning Wort f iltration Sacchari f icationIn 2023, the Group revised and issued the CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines to strengthen the standardized management of the monitoring, statistical and accounting processes of carbon emission information, improve the compliance of carbon emission accounting, which provides basic support for the implementation of the CR Beer Carbon Peak Action Plan and for the fulfilment of corporate social responsibility. The methodology stipulates that the scope of accounting of the Group s carbon emissions is carbon dioxide and methane emissions generated during the production process of China Resources Breweries (Holdings) Company Limited and its subsidiaries at all levels, including the beer business and baijiu business. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report The diagram of the carbon emissions during baijiu production process Emissions from net purchased electricity consumption Emissions from fuel combustion Emissions from net purchased heat consumption Starter making process Baijiu making process Wheat Moisturizing Milling Coarse wheat f lour Mixing Treading Stacking and incubation in the pit Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Carbon dioxide Water Ripe starter Starter powder Grinding Raw starter Storage Splitting Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Rearranging Crushing Batching Master tank Grain steaming Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Sorghum (raw material for brewing) Crushing Batching Spreading for cooling and mixing Stacking and fermentation Open the pit to extract undistilled Baijiu Fermentation in the pit Grain steaming (roast Baijiu) Distillation into Baijiu Moisturizing Six cycles1-7 Baijiu of 1-7 roundsThe Group voluntarily and proactively discloses more information related to carbon emissions, and since 2021 the emissions from the loss of purchased carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) as raw material during the beer production process as well as the methane emission generated during the anaerobic treatment process of brewery wastewater have been included into the original statistical scope of greenhouse gas emissions. The Company completed the acquisition of Guizhou Jinsha Jiaojiu Winery Industry Co., Ltd. (, Guizhou Jinsha ) in 2023, and incorporated it into CRWH s baijiu business sector for coordinated management, thus the GHG emissions generated by China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (including CRSB and Guizhou Jinsha) and its subsidiaries at all levels during the production process were included in the scope of statistics. The expansion of data scope reflected that the Group has attached great importance to the climate impact of its business activities. With a prudent attitude in assessing the impact, the Group strives to achieve sustainable development by implementing appropriate. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 102 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportTotal greenhouse gas emissions and density of the Group in the past two years are set out as follows The greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission was calculated according to the internal CR Beer Carbon Emissions Data Accounting and Calculation Guidelines. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) of the Group decreased by 5. 2 year on year in 2023 compared to 2022, despite the effect brought by inclusion of data from the newly acquired baijiu project company, Guizhou Jinsha. Unit 2023 2022 Year-on-year Change 1 177 202 12. 8 Total green-house gas emission (Scope 1) 1, 000 tonnes CO2 equivalent 2 629 648 2. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 806 850 5. 2 (Scope 1 2) 1 0. 016 0. 018 9. 4 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity per unit(Scope 1) Tonnes of CO2 equivalent kilolitre output 2 0. 058 0. 057 1. 9 (Scope 2) 1 2 0. 074 0. 075 0. 4 (Scope 1 2) 2023 2025 1 2 5. 2 1 2 0. 4 103 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportRegardless of the impact of the newly acquired baijiu enterprise, Guizhou Jinsha, the Group s beer business recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 13 in total GHG emissions (Scope 1 2) as compared with that of 2022, which was mainly attributable to the impact of the Group s proactive response to the call of the State to vigorously promote emission reduction and carbon mitigation measures at all levels of the value chain and its continuous promotion of the photovoltaic power generation project and the procurement of green power. In 2023, the Group actively promoted the recycling and utilization of carbon dioxide and standardized the criteria for purchasing carbon dioxide taking into account the changes in the product mix of different plants, so as to promote a balance between recycling and utilization and facilitate carbon neutrality in the production chain. In 2023, 8 of the Group s breweries achieved zero carbon dioxide procurement, and the Group s overall outsourcing ratio decreased by 0. 6 kg kilolitre output, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 10. Among the packaging materials used by the Group, caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials and glass bottles are reused materials. In 2023, the Group s use of newly purchased glass bottles decreased by 5. 97 year-on-year, and 10. 69 billion glass bottles were successfully recycled, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488 kilotonnes for the year; the use of aluminium cans also decreased by 1. 78 year-on-year. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 104 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j Case CR Beer held the first carbon management thematic seminar EHS 51 On 11-12 April 2023, a seminar on the carbon management work of CR Beer and the kick-off meeting of the carbon- neutral plant construction project was held at CR Beer Wuhan Plant. A total of 51 participants attended the meeting, including the CR Beer management, management-level employees of the carbon management function of the EHS Department of CRH, representatives of the CRB Institute of Technology, CR Beer regional companies, CRSB Production Center Area, and key carbon emission plants. This meeting is the first thematic seminar on carbon management organized by CR Beer, and it is an important start for CR Beer to enhance its brand value and market competitiveness with green and low-carbon concepts. The meeting analyzed the situation and problems faced by CR Beer in achieving carbon neutrality, and promoted the smooth progress of CR Beer s carbon neutrality work in a scientific, reasonable and orderly manner. Mr. Hou Xiaohai, the then CEO of CR Beer, pointed out that CR Beer, as a central enterprise and a listed company, should be down-to-earth in promoting the implementation of its carbon reduction initiatives, and strive to promote its carbon management to a new level in three years. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report j d Case Official inauguration of CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center to boost the dual carbon initiative CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilisation and Storage) In line with the trend of green development in the wine industry, CR Beer Carbon Neutrality R&D Center was officially inaugurated on 19 January 2024. It is the only research centre in the country for different types of wines that is dedicated to carbon neutrality innovations in the field of beer and baijiu, and its research tasks mainly include Soft science research national dual carbon policy planning, analysis of the current situation of the upstream and downstream channels of the beer baijiu industry, and investigation and research on the technological research and application of key enterprises and institutions. R&D projects in the field of dual carbon tapping into innovative projects to carry out research on the efficient use of green and clean energy, low-carbon and zero-carbon industrial (commercial) process re-engineering, low- carbon buildings, green building materials, low-carbon new materials, CCUS (Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage), ecological environment management and restoration in plants, ecological environment management and restoration, and ecological environment governance and restoration, eco-carbon sinks, monitoring and assessment of carbon sources and sinks, carbon asset management and development, and other technologies. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 106 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(III) RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES OF CLIMATE CHANGE The Group recognizes that climate change has long-term and material impacts and risks on an enterprise, so we commit to developing corresponding strategies in order to avoid negative impacts on business operations. At the Board level, the Audit Committee hold semi-annual meetings, in which ESG-related business risk would be reviewed with senior management and the internal audit function. At business operation level, the audit department and EHS department of the Group regularly review, oversee and guide the assessment, change and response of all the significant risks of the Company including climate- related risks. The Chairman of the Board of the Group is responsible for the management of issues related to climate change. As at the end of each year, the Group carries out the identification, assessment and mitigation of significant risks of the ensuing year; monitors significant risks on a quarterly basis; and forecast natural disaster risk situations on a monthly basis and issue them to all units. The Group s management processes for major risks, including climate risks, include five steps information collection, risk assessment, risk mitigation, risk monitoring & early warning, and risk management supervision and improvement. Each unit of CR Beer comprehensively and timely collects internal and external information and risk events related to climate change, including historical data and future predictions, and identifies, analyzes and evaluates risks to determine a list of major climate change risks. The Group updates CR Beer Risk Classification Framework on an annual basis, integrating contents related to climate risks into ESG- related risks. For example, acute physical risks such as heat waves, floods, typhoons and extreme precipitation are treated as production safety risks and occupational health risks, chronic physical risks in the form of sea level rise, average temperature rise and ocean acidification are addressed as environmental protection risks and dual carbon management risks. ESG EHS ESG (TCFD) 107 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportScenario Analysis of Climate Change Climate scenario analysis is a powerful tool which can help CR Beer understand the impacts of its business under different emission scenarios, identify significant climate-related opportunities and risks, understand current and future development trends, develop long- term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change, and integrate climate-related opportunities and risk factors into the Group s overall strategy. The most significant physical risks identified by the Group include Water scarcity Long-term drought caused by climate change, making it impossible to produce. Extreme heat Rising average temperatures and increasing number of hot days, making it impossible to produce. To this end, the Group has gradually closed its operating plants in water-scarce areas and improved the water consumption efficiency of operating plants in these areas in recent years. As at the end of 2023, three high-risk plants in Heilongjiang, Liaoning and Sichuan had been shut down for optimization. Through quantitative calculation and qualitative assessment, it was determined that a total of 9 plants of CR Beer were at high risk of extreme heat in seven provinces in North China and Northwest China, accounting for 13 of the total plants. TCFD (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas 2050 (RCP2. 6) (RPC8. 5) 16 8 24 3 IPCC WGI Interactive Atlas 2041 2060 (RPC8. 5) 9 7 13 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 108 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThrough integration and summary, the Group identified that two plants in Hebei Province and Shaanxi Province were faced with high risks of both water scarcity and extreme heat. In future, CR Beer will strengthen the plant management and strategic adjustment in provinces with high climate risks, with a view to conducting more effective management of its climate risks such as water scarcity and extreme weather, and ensuring that production efficiency and sustainable development goals can be achieved in a changing climate environment. In 2023, the Group invited third-party organizations to verify the overall carbon emission data in 2022, issue a carbon verification report, analyse and summarize carbon emission sources of CR Beer as per ISO14064 and other standards, and formulated carbon neutrality implementation approaches according to the source, which mainly comprised energy conservation, equipment renovation, green transformation, green energy purchasing, new technology and new process exploration, etc. In order to strengthen the control of climate change risks, CR Beer plans to carry out scenario analysis based on 1. 5 2 centigrade and SBT (Science Based Target), and develop long-term, medium-term and short-term strategies to cope with climate change, which will be released in due course. Response to Impacts of Significant Climate Change on Business Climate change led to more frequent extreme weather occurrence, bad harvest of crops, the disturbance of regular international shipment services, and impacted the operations of upstream supply chains such as the import of raw materials. Once extreme weather such as drought and flood are found in raw material regions, the department will assess the impacts of the events on the production of each local agricultural product, including raw materials like barley, hops, auxiliary materials and rice, which enables us to not only avoid the brewing beer raw material shortage problem, but also effectively respond to uncertainties like rising of prices and production costs. ISO14064 2050 2060 1. 5 2 SBT 109 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportOn the other hand, the shortage problem of global water resources will have impacts on the production and operation of beer in the future due to the deterioration of gradually frequent drought and flood disasters. In 2023, CR Beer formulated and issued the Notice on Situation Prediction of Natural Disaster Risks on a monthly basis according to actual business situations in combination with the meteorological and geological disaster information released by the relevant national meteorological departments and emergency management departments, and held an emergency meeting on the Prevention and Response to Extreme Weather Risks if necessary. The Group analysed the natural disasters in the areas where all the regional companies and units are located, and gave warnings on relevant work. The Group required all units to strengthen the risk identification of extreme disaster weather (such as rainstorm, mountain torrents, high and low-temperature weather, and geological disasters), enhance the disaster risk prevention awareness, promote the transformation from risk governance to prevention in advance, implement various preventive measures for natural disasters and self-rescue and mutual rescue skill training, and make emergency response after disasters. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 110 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report(IV) WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AND SEWAGE TREATMENT Water Resources Management Water shortage is one of the major environmental issues concerning the Group. Under the situation of gradual shortage of global water resources, the Group commits to protecting valuable water resources. The President and Vice-President of the Company are responsible for supervising all departments in the headquarters related to water resources management. The Group also continuously invested resources to develop and innovate energy-saving technology and applied relevant technology into all operating plants to reduce the water consumption and improve the utilization efficiency of water resources. Our launched projects include Lean production to reduce the frequency of CIP cleaning; Transformation of Water thermal balance for major water- consuming equipment used in the packaging process (i. e. bottle washing machine, sterilizer); Recycling steam in the saccharification process; Air cooling in winter in the north to reduce cooling water consumption; Utilizing condensed water for heat exchange of packaging machines, etc. The Group actively promotes the recycling and utilization of water resources and reduces the waste of water resources while ensuring the process and quality of beer products. In 2023, the recycled water consumption of the Group amounted to 380, 840, 000 tonnes, 13 times the freshwater consumption. The recycled water is mainly used for the following production process Recycling in the auxiliary procedures (cooling, air pressure, CO 2 recycling and boiler cooling water). CIP 38, 084 13 111 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn respect of water management of the newly acquired baijiu business, the domestic water in Guizhou Jinsha is mainly from the municipal water supply, surface water and recycled water. The production water is mainly from the underground water obtained in strict compliance with the local water withdrawal license system. Guizhou Jinsha collects bottle washing water and surrounding rainwater by building an unconventional water utilization system, and uses them for plant greening, flushing and dust prevention via pump houses and pipe network, which reduces usage of raw water and increases the utilization of rainwater and reclaimed water. In addition, it connects water measurement facilities to the electronic information platform for water consumption monitoring and management, and replaces working facilities with energy-saving appliances to control water consumption. Guizhou Jinsha has successfully passed the inspection of the Provincial Water-saving Benchmark Enterprise. In 2023, the Group started the construction of water-saving plants, encouraging qualified plants to set up advanced models and improving the efficiency of industrial water use. In 2023, five plants of the Group in Hangzhou, Lu an, Xindu, Binzhou and Qiandongnan won the title of provincial water-saving enterprise. In March 2023, Wuhan Plant was awarded the title of National Water Efficiency Leading Enterprise, the highest water-saving honor in China. In 2023, the amount of new water used decreased by 1. 9, and the water consumption intensity per unit increased by 3. 2 year-on-year, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. Secondly, the structure of beer products is adjusted to increase the cleaning frequency and water consumption. The underground water consumption of the Group decreased from over 3. 13 million cubic metres in 2022 (representing approximately 10. 1 of the total water consumption) to 2. 26 million cubic metres in 2023 (representing approximately 7. 4 of the total water consumption), with the cumulative reduction of underground water consumption of more than 870, 000 cubic metres. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 112 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water consumption 1, 000 cubic metres 10, 825, 134 11, 385, 064 4. 9 Total output ( beer output baijiu output beverage output)Kilolitre 2. 80 2. 72 3. 2 Water consumption intensity per unit Cubic metres kilolitre output Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 30, 337 30, 923 1. 9 Water withdrawal 1, 000 cubic metres 948 865 9. 6 Water withdrawal from surface water 1, 000 cubic metres 3. 1 2. 8 11. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from surface water 2, 260 3, 130 27. 8 Water withdrawal from underground water 1, 000 cubic metres 7. 4 10. 1 26. 4 Proportion of water withdrawal from underground water 27, 128 26, 928 0. 7 Water withdrawal from municipal water plants 1, 000 cubic metres 89. 4 87. 1 2. 7 Proportion of water withdrawal from municipal water plants The water consumption and withdrawal data of the Group in 2023 and 2022 are set out as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. The total amount of water withdrawal in 2022 remained unchanged, but the breakdown of water withdrawal was relisted upon verification. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportSewage Discharge Management In 2023, the Group released the CR Beer Three-year Action Plan for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, covering six tasks in terms of compliance management of online sewage monitoring, sewage warning and emergency treatment capability building, classified and hierarchical sewage management, special action in key basins areas. It also promoted three key projects, i. e. online sewage monitoring, abnormal sewage interception and environmental protection specialist training camp. In order to further implement the requirements of eco- environmental protection, strengthen the compliance management of water pollution prevention and treatment, and prevent and resolve environmental risks, the Group has set the following objectives in terms of sewage discharge management No excessive sewage discharge or water pollution discharge in violation of laws and regulations; 100 compliance of sewage discharge in the internal control; Sewage standardization index rose to 90. In respect to sewage treatment, the Group strictly complies with the national or local sewage discharge standards, and formulates the CR Beer Measures for Management of Permitting of Pollutant (Sewage) Discharges and the Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, with all plants equipped with sewage treatment systems. The Group also formulates the internal control index in compliance with regulations and requirements, effectively controlling sewage discharge risks. Devices for the inspection and testing of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD), ammonia nitrogen, total phosphorus and total nitrogen have been installed at sewage outlets at all plants, which are connected to the local ecological and environmental protection supervision department for real-time data transfer of indicators such as pH value and discharging volume to ensure accurate data and effective supervision. The application has been launched in the first batch of 14 pilot plants. COD) pH 14 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 114 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn 2023, CR Beer implemented the abnormal sewage interception project to prevent discharge exceeding standards, organized investigations on current conditions of the facilities used for warning and interception of abnormal sewage discharge in production plants, and made an investigation list of production plant renovation contents and expenses. It also formulated the overall renovation plan for abnormal sewage discharge warning and interception, establish unified standards and requirements for renovation, and coordinate equipment selection and inspection standards. As at the end of 2023, 43 plants had completed the bidding for excessive sewage interception project. As at the end of 2023, 246 problems had been found, all of which were basically rectified. In 2023, the Group strengthened management of the baijiu business in terms of water quality in water source and pollutant discharge, formulated and issued secondary regulations such as the CR Beer Management Measures for Pollutant Discharge (Water) Permit and the WH Management Measures for Water Pollution Prevention and Control, as well as other systems such as water-saving management system, recycled water management system and water pollution prevention and control plan. The Group regards the environmental performance of operating plants as one of the important criteria for capacity optimization consideration and shuts down plants that discharge sewage into natural waters step by step. Or, with strong support from the local government, the Group continuously invest in the pipeline transformation so that sewage could be discharged into the centralized treatment facilities for urban sewage treatment and less would be discharged into nature waters. As of the end of 2023, the Group had only 2 beer plants (Tibet and Dongguan) and 1 baijiu plant (Guizhou Jinsha) that discharged sewage into natural waters. During the period under review, only 2. 8 of the sewage was discharged to natural waters (after preliminary treatment by the plants), and the remaining 97. 2 was discharged to municipal sewers such as municipal pipe networks. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 19, 719, 807 18, 901, 871 4. 3 Total amount of sewage discharge Tonnes 19, 166, 471 18, 673, 132 2. 6 Amount of sewage discharged into municipal sewers Tonnes 553, 336 228, 739 141. 9 Amount of sewage discharged into natural waters Tonnes Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change (COD) 789 892 11. 5 Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) Tonnes 765 886 13. 7 COD (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 25 6 323. 5 COD (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 82 90 9. 2 Total ammonia nitrogen emissions Tonnes 82 89. 9 9. 2 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into municipal sewers) Tonnes 0. 17 0. 2 25. 6 Ammonia nitrogen emissions (discharged into natural waters) Tonnes 1. 0 The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. In 2023, the Group s total amount of sewage discharge had year-on- year increase due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The sewage discharge (into natural waters) had a significant year-on-year change, mainly due to the data statistics of new baijiu business. The location of Guizhou Jinsha lacks supporting municipal sewers for sewage treatment, therefore, the plant adopts higher standards for sewage treatment to discharge sewage into natural waters upon satisfaction with relevant emission requirements. The Group actively promotes the resourceful utilization of beer wastewater in accordance with the national Discharge Standard of Pollutants for Beer Industry and Discharge Standard of Water Pollutants for Fermentation Alcohol and Distilled Spirits Industry, and enters into legally valid written contracts with downstream sewage treatment facilities to agree on the indirect discharge concentration limit of organic wastewater. As at the end of 2023, 16 beer plants subordinate to the Group had implemented negotiated discharging limit. The self-monitoring data of relevant pollutant indexes are promptly shared with the competent department for ecological environment and downstream sewage treatment plants for effective supervision by law enforcement departments and the public. By sorting out the beer production process steps, improving water efficiency, increasing water recycling, strengthening water-saving renovations, the Group strives to achieve industry-leading in terms of water consumption performance. In addition, it will focus on improving sewage treatment system management and sewage online monitoring capabilities, strengthen comprehensive utilization of brewery wastewater, and promote the mutual benefits in terms of economy and environmental protection. V) PACKAGING MATERIAL AND WASTE TREATMENT The Group stays committed to enhancing the management of the waste and packaging material to reduce the resources used in areas such as packaging design, production, logistics and retailing. The waste generated during the Group s operation mainly includes spent grains and spent yeasts, while the packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, aluminum cans, cartons and plastic films. In order to properly dispose of the above resources, the Group have formulated a series of management regulations such as the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CRWH Solid Waste Management System and the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB. COD) 5. 9 68. 9 COD 16 117 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportPromote the Concept of Green Package The Group s packaging materials mainly include glass bottles, ceramic bottles, aluminum cans, cartons, paper bags and plastic films. On the premise of maintaining quality requirements, the Group has been striving to achieve the lighter weight of packaging materials through product packaging design and material selection process over the years. By implementing the reduction of waste at source, achievements have been made as follows In 2023, the Group continued to implement the concept of green and sustainable development, coordinated the ecological construction of supply chain, actively promoted the research and development of recycled aluminum and lightweight beer bottles and strategic cooperation for cans. Light cans 0. 010mm Promote reduction of can body thickness by 0. 010mm; 0. 016mm Reduce can cap thickness by 0. 016mm; 0. 35 Reduce can weight by 0. 35g can; Predicted to be available at the end of 2024; 3, 300 Estimated as per the annual quantity purchased in 2023, the Group will reduce the use of aluminum by 3, 300 tonnes every year by purchasing light cans after the project implementation Light glass bottles250 20g Taking 250mL Heineken light bottle for example, one light bottle is 20g lighter than one ordinary bottle; 83 The Group reduced the use of glass by approximately 83 tonnes by purchasing light glass bottles in 2023; 500 580 10g Further research and development of 500mL and 580mL light bottles to reduce the weight by 10g bottle at least Glass bottle recycling mechanism Optimize the glass bottle recycling mechanism, and switch from separate recycling to recycling by contractors which is efficient and fast; Conduct continuous research and development on light glass bottle and increase the purchase of light bottles, in order to reduce weight, energy consumption and carbon emission; 106. 9 4, 488 The Group successfully recycled 10. 69 billion glass bottles in 2023, reducing the use of glass by approximately 4, 488, 000 tonnes. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 118 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group continued to carry out the R&D and application of lightweight beer bottles during the year, which can reduce the weight of different bottle types by 0 to 5 while ensuring quality and performance. Approximately 4. 15 million lightweight bottles were purchased in 2023, reducing use of raw materials by approximately 83 tonnes. The Heineken lightweight bottles will be comprehensively promoted in 2024. During the year, the weight reduction project of Snow glass bottles was launched with a view to reducing the weight of 500mL and 580mL bottles by 10g bottle, which will be completed within 2024. During the year, the CRB Institute of Technology of the Group, together with the Procurement Management Center and the Technical Quality Department of the Production Center, carried out research and application project for the reduction of the thickness of crown caps and localization of granules, aiming to reduce the thickness of iron materials and replace gasket raw materials with domestic materials while ensuring the quality and sealing performance of caps, thus reducing cost and enhancing efficiency while reducing the quantity and carbon. The replacement of imported gasket raw materials with domestic materials can not only tackle the instability and risks of imported raw materials, but also reduce the carbon footprint of overseas transportation. In addition, considering that the carbon emission during the processing with recycled aluminum ingot only accounts for 11. 3 of the processing with raw aluminum ingot, the Group s CRB Institute of Technology has launched the Research Project on the Quality Assurance of Open and Applicable Recycled Aluminum Cans. g 415 83 500 580 10g 0. 23mm 0. 20mm 4, 030 11. 3 119 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 5, 818 6, 182 5. 9 Glass bottles-new bottles 1, 000 tonnes 1 4, 488 4, 734 5. 2 Glass bottles-recycled bottles11, 000 tonnes 4 Ceramic bottles 1, 000 tonnes 158 160 1. 5 Aluminum cans 1, 000 tonnes 2 331 342 3. 3 Paper packages21, 000 tonnes 12 14 13. 0 Plastic films 1, 000 tonnes 1 2 The data on the Group s consumption of product packaging materials in the past two years are set out as follows 1 Since purchasing new glass bottles would make certain impact on the environment, the Group increases the recycling of glass bottles and reuse them after cleaning and disinfection. In 2022 and 2023, the paper packaging reported by the Group was mainly cartons from the beer business. The paper packaging reported by the Group in 2023 includes cartons, boxes, handbags, etc. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Some of the year-on-year changes may not be equal to the results of direct calculation of the figures presented above, as the figures presented are rounded, while the percentage changes are calculated based on the raw data. Currently, among the packaging materials used by the Group, bottle caps, cans and cartons are recyclable materials. The glass bottles are reusable materials that the Group cleaned and sanitized the recycled glass bottles and reused them. In response to the new national standard of Beer Bottle implemented officially on 1 August 2021, and the national call for energy saving and emission reduction and the Group s strategic promotion of high-quality product, the Group focuses on building a recycling glass bottle system along the supply chain making full use of recyclable beer bottles in compliance with regulations. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 120 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn order to promote the resourceful utilization of packaging materials, the Group completed the audit of the bottle recycling pipeline renovation plan in 9 regional companies across the country in 2023, achieving an annual bottle recycling rate of 80 in 2023. The completion rate of the non-renewable resource recycling project reached 100 and the overall completion rate was 80. Meanwhile, the Group completed the comparative analysis of recycled aluminum- base materials, raw aluminum-base materials and manufactured cans, conducted three-month testing and follow-up of canned products, and finally released the group standards of recycled aluminum when it was found that there was no difference between recycled aluminum cans and the control group of cans. In addition, the Group conducts quality control on all incoming packaging materials and returns or destroys packaging materials that fail to pass internal quality control. All discarded cans, glass slags and waste cartons from the production process shall be 100 recycled and treated, which could be put back to use later, achieving zero waste in the production process. The Group is actively adjusting the structure of the product package and production capacity to lower its carbon emissions. By phasing out production lines of beer in glass bottles with outdated technology and high energy consumption, while adding more production lines of beer in cans with advanced technology and energy consumption reaching the international advanced level, the Group shall gradually increase the proportion of product in cans and reduce the use of glass bottles which is of higher carbon footprint. Green packaging refers to external packaging materials that can be sold as waste materials and recycled as green and environment-friendly materials. As at the end of 2023, the Group had fulfilled the objective, with the procurement rate of bottle caps and cartons for green packaging reaching 100. The Group also actively encourages suppliers to reduce the use of packaging materials. For example, the Group requires upstream suppliers to reduce the use of individual packaging during the transportation of malt, so as to reduce the packaging materials generated when the Group imports raw materials. At present, the malt of CRSB mainly adopts bagged transportation and bulk transportation. In 2023, the bulk transportation ratio of the Group s imported malt using individual packaging was approximately 42. The automobile bulk transportation can effectively reduce inventory cost and funds occupation, save labor cost, improve working efficiency, reduce environmental pollution, etc. In 2023, it was estimated that a total of about 7. 23 million packaging bags were saved. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group also strengthens environmental protection cooperation with upstream material suppliers in terms of packaging. In addition to the popularization of Heineken lightweight bottles, the Group also accelerates weight reduction projects for glass bottles of other brands including Snow Opera Mask, Jiangxin Yingzao, Old Snow, and L wen White Beer. Solid Waste and Hazardous Waste Management The Group implements whole process standardized management on hazardous waste and solid waste with a green operation model covering the entire process from procurement to sale, following the principles of reduction, resourcefulness, and harmlessness. In terms of hazardous waste management, in 2023, the Group formulated the Working Plan for Whole Process Standardized Management of Hazardous Waste, established the working team, and selected Nanjing Plant as the pilot plant to implement the working plan. At present, all the plants have developed renovation plans in accordance with the standards. The Group requires all units to entrust hazardous waste to qualified units for disposal, so as to ensure that the process of transferring hazardous waste meets the requirements of national standards. The Group also requires all units to take relevant measures to prevent proliferation, loss and leakage, and shall not allow to dump, pile, discard or scatter hazardous waste without authorization, so as to prevent or reduce the pollution of hazardous waste to the environment. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 122 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThere is no significant amount of hazardous waste generated during the Group s production process in 2023. All the hazardous waste generated by the Group was entrusted to external professional agencies for harmless treatment and disposal in accordance with relevant national regulations. In terms of solid waste management, the Group revised and issued CR Beer Solid Waste Management System in 2023, stipulating the management requirements for the identification, collection, storage, utilization, and disposal of solid waste such as general industrial solid waste, hazardous waste, domestic waste, and construction waste; issued the Notice on Giving Risk Alerts on General Industrial Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control, giving risk alerts on the red line of solid waste pollution prevention and control and existing problems in solid waste management processes; issued the Notice on Forwarding the Group s Warnings on Strengthening Solid Waste Management, organizing all units to conduct risk investigation on solid waste compliance management, during which 192 problems were found. In order to standardize the solid waste treatment qualification, the EHS Department of CR Beer, jointly with the Legal Compliance Department of the beer business and Snow Procurement Management Center, specified solid waste utilization and disposal management processes, and determined management responsibilities of EHS supervision and management departments at all levels; provided assistance in the formulation of criteria for qualification and technical capability of utilization and disposal units, as well as pollution prevention and control requirements. EHS EHS GPS 123 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 98. 0 99. 9 Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 1, 482. 5 1, 525. 2 2. 8 General solid waste production 1, 000 tonnes 1, 480. 3 1, 519. 8 2. 6 Integrated use of solid waste utilization 1, 000 tonnes 99. 9 99. 6 0. 2 General solid waste integrated utilization rate 0. 14 0. 13 2. 2 General solid waste production intensity per unittonnes kilolitre output 0. 239 0. 229 4. 5 Hazardous waste production 1, 000 tonnes 7. 8 The Group aims to achieve a comprehensive utilization rate of industrial solid waste of not less than 98. 0 during the 14th Five- Year Plan period by reducing the amount of sludge and other landfills and increasing the recycling of solid waste. In 2023, the general solid waste integrated utilization rate of the Group reached 99. 9, with a slight rise as compared with the corresponding period of last year, mainly due to reduced landfilling of sludge and domestic garbage by plants. The relevant data are as follows The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. In 2023, all the by-products and waste materials generated by the Group in brewing process were recycled, collected and reused as renewable resources in accordance with relevant national regulations. In addition, as for the by-products generated in the production process, the Group focuses on the research, development and utilization of new technology, new products and new purposes. Currently, the Group is conducting development and utilization of spent grains for protein, dietary fiber or leather products. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 124 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportThe Group s Procurement Management Center mainly sells the by- products in accordance with the CR Beer Solid Waste Management System, CR Beer Procurement Management Systems, Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB, etc. In addition, the Group implements the Regulations on the Management of By-products and Waste Materials of CRSB to require that different solid wastes should be stored by category. Through the detailed regulation for the whole process of recycling, classification, identification, storage, maintenance, sale, and treatment of waste materials, the Group can meet with the three prevention standards, that is, leakage prevention, loss prevention and scattering prevention. In terms of recycling spent grains, contract vendors are required to adopt protective measures for their trucks to prevent leakage or dripping. The Group also encourages the vendors to install drying equipment, so that spent grains that cannot be disposed of for the time being can be dried temporarily to prevent pollution of the environment. The data on the Group s recyclable waste in the past two years are as follows The output of dried spent grains from Baijiu business is estimated based on the output of wet spent grains with a assumed water content ratio at 60. The data for 2023 includes Guizhou Jinsha, but the data for 2022 does not, resulting in fluctuations in year-on-year changes. Unit 2023 2022Year-on-year change 206 191 7. 7 Output of dried spent grains 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried spent grains 17 17 0. 0 Output of dried waste yeasts 1, 000 tonnes 100 100 0. 0 Recycling rate of dried waste yeasts 3 Output of spent yeast grass 1, 000 tonnes 100 Recycling rate of spent yeast grass 60 125 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1, 135 (VI) PROTECTION OF ECOSYSTEM AND BIODIVERSITY Committed to protecting the ecosystems and biodiversity, the Group has been fulfilling its environmental protection responsibilities in terms of ecological restoration through a series of policies and measures. It is stipulated that units at all levels should carry out new, reconstruction or expansion projects, plant site selection and equipment and facilities layout according to relevant requirements, avoid the eco-environment sensitive areas, explore and adopt alternative solutions with less ecological impacts, in order to reduce negative impacts of production and business activities on the surrounding eco-environment. Meanwhile, eco-friendly technology should be actively adopted in combination with relevant supporting policies to reduce the direct, indirect and accumulative impacts on biodiversity and ecosystem. During raw material procurement, resource consumption and comprehensive utilization, as well as pollutant generation and treatment, etc., priority should be given to clean production technology and processes that can reduce environmental load, and efforts should be made to continuously promote innovation in pollution control equipment and technology, select advanced intelligent equipment and the best feasible pollution prevention technology, and control the duration, intensity and scope of pollutant emission. In addition, natural resources should be reasonably developed and utilized, and ecological protection and governance restoration plans should be formulated in accordance with the law and then effectively implemented. The Group also issued the Notice on Conducting Self- Inspection and Self-correction of Ecological and Environmental Protection Inspections, organizing plants to conduct self-inspection and self-correction. During the period under review, it inspected and rectified 1, 135 ecological and environmental protection problems. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 126 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportIn addition, the Group organized a working conference on the deployment of rectification action for ecological and environmental protection projects in the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin, deeply inspecting ecological and environmental protection problems such as sewage standard discharge, rain and sewage diversion, online monitoring, sludge and other solid waste disposal in compliance with regulations in accordance with the Key Points of Special Rectification Action for Ecological and Environmental Protection of the Yangtze River and Yellow River Basin of Central Enterprises and CR Beer General Inspection Key Points of Ecological and Environmental Protection. During the period under review, the Group repaired and restored the damage to the ecosystem and biodiversity during the production and operation process, accumulatively completing the rectification of 31 projects. VII) EDUCATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To improve the environmental awareness of staff, the Group actively carries out series of events, cultivates the green and low-carbon culture of all employees, and publicizes the green consumption concept at all levels within the Group. For example, all plants organize environmental protection publicity and education events such as 5th June Environmental Day, National Energy Saving Promotional Week and National Low-carbon Day on a yearly basis. It publicized the theme of Environment Day in various forms including films, posters, slogans, publicity films, bulletin boards, photos, essays, knowledge contests and open day activities, and advocated for all employees to jointly adopt the green and low-carbon lifestyles and actively publicize and implement the ecological civilization concept. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportCHAPTER 4 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group has been enthusiastic about community investment and actively participated in environmental protection, disaster relief and poverty alleviation, education promotion, the fight against the pandemic, rural revitalization, etc., to send a message of love and bring greater good to the society. During the reporting period, the Group s community investment funds (including donated materials) amounted to RMB2, 665, 000. Specific activities are as follows (I) SUPPORTING EMPLOYMENT AND REVITALIZING RURAL AREAS As an influential national beer company, the Group strives to promote the local economy and improve the employment of locals to achieve joint community construction. In order to provide assistance in the cattle breeding industry in Leibo County, Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China, the Group cooperated with Leibo County to support the implementation of the industrial support plan of basic cattle bank mode in local regions by donating spent grains and other materials. During the period under review, we recruited 4 native university graduates, and related business units employed more than 20 local citizens. In addition, the Group dispatched the 12th batch of members for poverty alleviation in Kangba Village, Tuoba Town, Karuo District, Changdu City in active response to the Key Working Requirements of Changdu Municipal Government on Comprehensively Promoting Rural Rejuvenation. The Company actively recruited university graduates who are natives of Tibetan counties of Sichuan, Yunnan and Gansu, and employed local people. During the period under review, it had 26 incumbent local employees from Ganzi Prefecture and Aba Prefecture, including 6 local employees and 3 ethnic employees. Trailwalker is an annual fundraising hike organized by Oxfam since 1986 to support poverty alleviation, disaster relief and initiatives in Hong Kong, China, the mainland China, Africa and other regions of Asia. Music for Our Young Foundation 6 21 VI Rainbow Foundation SEN 15 Since 2013, CR Beer has supported the Music for Our Young Foundation for several consecutive years, in order to encourage young students to make unremitting efforts for great progress by cultivating the musical attainment of the young people ranging from 6 to 21 years old. In addition to monetary donations, the Group also actively participated in the Explore science with SEN Charity Walk Towards 15th Anniversary held in November 2023 to support the Foundation and underprivileged groups in Hong Kong. About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report 26 6. 1 20 65 (MUFG Bank, Ltd.) 120, 000, 000 In June 2023, the Group donated funds to the Sham Shui Po Neighborhood Care Association to sponsor its public welfare activity Celebrating the 26th Anniversary of the Handover of Hong Kong to the Motherland and Offering Small Gifts on 1st June International Children s Day, bringing joy to children in Sham Shui Po and sharing the joy of the handover with them. III) BUILDING CR HOPE TOWN In May 2023, the Group donated RMB200, 000 to Zunyi CR Hope Town in Xishui County, Zunyi City, Guizhou Province, which the payment to the Tucheng County Government has been completed, and mainly used to renovate the sewer system in the service center of the residential area, add cultural publicity boards, install football and basketball field facilities, and add equipment to CR Kindergarten, and improve the living environment of Zunyi Hope Town. In 2023, the Group supported the construction of Nanjiang CR Hope Town in Nanjiang County, Bazhong City, Sichuan Province, and donated approximately RMB650, 000 for the construction of Road to Brave the World and a brewing workshop. Through cooperation with CRH in gradual planning and donation for the construction of Milan Hotel, Longquan Taste Rural Restaurant, Hope Tea House, Youth Hostel, rural collective guesthouses and other tertiary industry service supporting buildings, the Group effectively stimulated revenue generation by the rural collective economy and further increased villagers income. IV) GREEN FINANCE The Group actively participates in and supports sustainable finance to promote green development for both society and businesses. During the reporting period, the Group proactively engaged in and fully supported Mitsubishi UFJ Bank s Green Deposit Program by successfully placing a green deposit of RMB120, 000, 000, which demonstrated the Group s commitment to promoting and implementing sustainable development goals and issues such as renewable energy, energy saving and efficiency improvement, green buildings, emission reduction, environmental and resource management, and biodiversity conservation. CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 130 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C2 (GRI) 2021 GRI 2021 GRI GRI 2021 GRI 3000 GRI 2021 GRI VERIFICATION STATEMENT SCOPE AND OBJECTIVE Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency ( HKQAA ) performed a limited assurance engagement on the sustainability disclosures stated in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 (the Report ) of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited ( CR Beer ) for the period from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2023. HKQAA s responsibility is to express an assurance conclusion on the completeness, accuracy and reliability of the sustainability data and information stated in the Report. The objectives are to verify the fulfillment in addressing all mandatory disclosure requirements and comply or explain provisions outlined in the ESG Reporting Guide; review the referencing of the selected GRI Standards of the GRI Standards 2021; evaluate the accuracy of the selected data and information presented in the Report; and review the reliability of the data and information management mechanism for preparing the Report. LEVEL OF ASSURANCE AND METHODOLOGY The process applied in this verification was based on the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our evidence gathering process was designed to obtain a limited level of assurance for devising the verification conclusion. The extent of this verification process undertaken covered the criteria set in the ESG Reporting Guide and GRI Standards 2021 (Selected GRI Standards). About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report GRI 2021 The verification process included verifying the systems and processes implemented for collecting, collating and reporting the sustainability performance data, reviewing relevant documentation, interviewing responsible personnel with accountability for preparing the reporting contents and verifying selected representative sample of data and information. INDEPENDENCE CR Beer is responsible for the collection and presentation of the information presented. Signed on behalf of Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency Connie Sham Head of Audit March 2024 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 132 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report C2 Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A A Environmental A1 Emission General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. GRI306 GRI306 Waste179 180APPENDIX INDEX OF CONTENTS ACCORDING TO THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE SET OUT IN THE APPENDIX C2 OF THE MAINBOARD RULES GOVERNING THE LISTING OF SECURITIES ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements133 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A1. 5 Description of the emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3 3 3 3(c), 3 3(d) 3 3(e) GRI305 GRI305 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c), 3 3(d) and 3 3(e) (used together with GRI 305 Emissions)GRI305 Emissions72, 145 161 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. GRI303 GRI303 Water and Effluents168 A2. 3 Description of the energy use efficiency target(s) set, and steps taken to achieve them. GRI3 3 GRI302 GRI302 302 4 302 5 GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI 302 Energy)GRI302 Energy Disclosures 302 4 and 302 572, 149 151 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve themGRI3 3 GRI303 GRI303 303 3GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 372, 166 172 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 134 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. GRI3 3 GRI301 GRI302 GRI303 GRI304 GRI305 GRI306 GRI303 303 2GRI304 304 2GRI306 306 3(c) 306 5 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI301 Materials, GRI302 Energy, GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI304 Biodiversity, GRI305 Emissions, and GRI306 Waste)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303 2GRI304 Biodiversity Disclosure 304 2GRI306 Waste Disclosure 306 3(c) and 306 5139 144, 181 182 A4 Climate Change General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI201 GRI2 12 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3-3(c) (used together with GRI 201 Economic Performance)GRI2 12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts162 165 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Social B1 Employment General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. GRI401 401 1(b) GRI401 Employment Disclosure 401 1(b)118 B2 Health and Safety General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI403 GRI2 27 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety)GRI2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations131 137 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years (including reporting years). GRI403 403 2 GRI403 Occupational Health and Safety Disclosure 403 2132 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 136 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI404 404 1GRI404 Training and Education Disclosure 404 1129 130 B4 Labour Standards General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI408 GRI409 GRI2 27 GRI3 3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI408 Child Labour and GRI409 Forced or Compulsory Labour)GRI2 27 GRI2 27 Compliance with laws and regulations112 113 B4. 1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. GRI2 6 GRI2-6 Activities, Value Chains and Other Business Relations101 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI308 GRI414 GRI308 308 1 308 2 GRI414 414 1 414 2 GRI3 3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment) GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308 1 and 308 2GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103 B5. 3 Description of practises used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI303 GRI308 GRI414 GRI303 303 1(c)GRI308 308 1 308 2 GRI414 414 1 414 2 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI303 Water and Effluents, GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment and GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment)GRI303 Water and Effluents Disclosure 303-1(c)GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment Disclosure 308-1and 308-2GRI414 Supplier Social Assessment Disclosure 414 1 and 414 298 103 CHINA RESOURCES BEER (HOLDINGS) COMPANY LIMITED 138 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI306 GRI308 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI306 Waste and GRI308 Supplier Environmental Assessment)100 B6 Product responsibility General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI416 GRI417 GRI418 GRI416 416 2GRI417 417 2 417 3 GRI418 418 1GRI2 27 GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI416 Customer Health and Safety, GRI417 Marketing and Labelling and GRI418 Customer Privacy)GRI416 Customer Health and Safety Disclosure 416 2GRI417 Marketing and Labelling Disclosure 417 2 and 417 3GRI418 Customer Privacy Disclosure 418 1GRI2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations87 93 B6. 1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. N A93 B6. 2 Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with. N A78 83, 91 92 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 GRI418 GRI3-3 Management of material topics (used together with GRI418 Customer Privacy)91 95 About The Group To Our Shareholders Corporate Governance Financial Statements139 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023 e Environmental, Social and Governance Report Index of ESG IndicatorsGRI Index of GRI Indicators Page number B7 Anti-corruption General Disclosure (a) (b) Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. GRI205 205 3GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205 3107 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing procedures, how they are implemented and monitored. GRI3 3 3 3(c) GRI205 GRI205 205 2GRI3-3 Management of material topics Disclosure 3 3(c) (used together with GRI205 Anti-corruption)GRI205 Anti-corruption Disclosure 205-2108 B8 100 General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the operation is located and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities interests. GRI203 203 1(a)GRI203 Indirect Economic Impacts Disclosure 203 1(a)183 185 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. GRI201 201 1 a-ii GRI201 Economic Performance Disclosure 201 1(a-ii)183 185 Incorpor ated in Hong Kong with limit ed liability Stock Code 00291; 80291 e Environmental, Social and Governance ReportEnvironmental, Social and Governance Report j 26 23 2301&2310 j8 52-2360-9722 j8 52-2874-0280 jwww. 