Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE ABOUT THE REPORT2 3 ABOUT THE REPORT MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN BOARD STATEMENT ABOUT FEIHE SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT4 6 8 9 14Strengthening Compliance Operations 01 03 05 02 04 06Focus on Excellent QualityDeeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field Improving Employee WelfareBuilding a Low- Carbon Future Fulfilling Social Responsibility INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX FEEDBACK FORMGovernance Structure Risk Control Business Ethics Information Security20 22 24 27 104 10750 52 5578 80 84 86 91 32 42 4660 63 70 7496 99 100Product Quality Customer Service Intelligent EcologyBreast Milk Research Nutritional Achievements Innovation Capability The Rights and Interests of Employees Employee Development Health and Safety Caring for EmployeesEnvironmental Performance Climate Change Environment Protection System Resource Utilization Emissions Management Responsible Procurement Health Care Charity Activities 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE4 5 This report covers January 1 to December 31, 2023, with some parts earlier or later than the time above. It covers China Feihe Limited and its subsidiaries. Data in this report comes from internal statistics, documents, reports, third- party investigations and interviews. The report is prepared based on the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited ( HKEX ). It responds to and complies with the non-compliance interpretation requirement in the Guide in relation to the materiality of issues, the quantitative nature of data, the balance of data and the consistency of disclosure. Unless otherwise specified, this report uses the same data statistics method as that adopted for the 2022 Feihe ESG Report without any significant changes. Reporting Period Reporting Scope Data Sources ReferencesABOUT THE REPORTThis report truly reflects China Feihe Limited's proactive efforts to fulfill its environmental, social and governance (ESG) responsibilities, and promote balanced and sustainable development. The business plans, development strategies and other forward-looking statements involved do not constitute substantive commitments to investors. In case of inconsistency, please refer to the traditional Chinese version as it shall prevail. The digital version of the report can be viewed and downloaded at http www. For ease of presentation and reading, China Feihe Limited refers to Feihe, the Company and we in this report. Form of Report Access to this ReportReporting Entity4 5ABOUT THE REPORT 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE6 7 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN Time serves as a testament to progress, while years reflect the resilience of our endeavors. As China's economy continues its upward trajectory, Feihe pursues a steadfast strategy focused on long-term growth, fortified by an unwavering dedication to building our capabilities. Throughout our six-decade journey, we have consistently aimed for the stars, shouldering significant responsibilities, and embodying the ethos that Customer Comes First, Actions Speak Louder than Words. Our culture of Mutual Achievement, Continuous Improvement, underscores our relentless pursuit of excellence, navigating from one triumph to the next with unwavering resolve. Throughout the past year, we have actively pursued strategies and initiatives aimed at ensuring Feihe's sustainability, consistently championing the integration of social, economic, and environmental benefits. Our efforts have contributed to China's carbon neutrality objectives, facilitating the modernization of harmonious coexistence between humanity and the natural world. Acknowledging the significance of stakeholder demands and concerns, we prioritize open communication through diverse channels to ensure alignment with their requirements and objectives. Feihe's dedication to environmental, social, and governance principles was underscored by the accolades received in 2023, including the prestigious titles of ESG Pioneer Enterprise, ESG Development Impact Enterprise, and 2023 Business Power - ESG Green Pioneer Enterprise. A robust corporate governance framework is fundamental to ensuring the long-term sustainability of a company. Guided by a philosophy of sustainable development, we have fortified our risk management systems and monitoring mechanisms, leveraging internal control measures to mitigate potential risks. Furthermore, we have intensified our focus on business ethics and anti- corruption management, laying the foundation for the Company's pursuit of high-quality development. Simultaneously, we have seamlessly integrated ESG principles into various facets of corporate governance. This includes the establishment of an ESG management team under the purview of the board of directors, the formation of dedicated environmental, social, and governance committees, and a deliberate effort to enhance board diversity, thereby safeguarding the Company's long-term sustainability. Our core mission revolves around supporting the healthy development of Chinese infants. Through the implementation of state-of-the-art systems like the Manufacturing Management System (WCM) and a digitalized Quality Management System (QMS), we maintain a meticulous approach to product quality management. We are proactively addressing the risks posed by climate change and actively participating in the national dual carbon initiative. With a clear commitment to achieving comprehensive carbon neutrality by 2050, we are implementing scientifically sound emission reduction measures. This includes conducting thorough carbon footprint assessments for our products and verifying greenhouse gas emissions. Several of our factories have been recognized as green factories at both national and provincial levels. In parallel, we are dedicated to combating pollution by continually developing environmentally friendly production methods. The concept of green development is ingrained into every phase of our manufacturing and operations, reflecting our unwavering commitment to environmental stewardship. Internally, we prioritize the well-being of our staff members, providing them with a nurturing work environment and ample opportunities for growth and development. By significantly enhancing the quality of education in resource-poor areas and supporting the wealth-sharing industry chain, we fulfill our duty as a responsible enterprise and demonstrate our patriotism. We are committed to implementing the goals outlined in the 20th National Congress and the 14th Five-Year Plan. Collaborating with various stakeholders, we advocate for development philosophies centered on green, low-carbon, and circular economies. Leveraging Feihe's strengths, we aim to contribute to the creation of a new development pattern and a modern industrial system. Through rapid advancement, we endeavor to establish Feihe as a prominent national brand, poised to thrive in the forthcoming era of national enterprises. Leng Youbin Chairman March 20247MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN 8 9 Feihe attaches high importance on sustainable management and has established and continues to improve its environmental, social, and governance (ESG) framework. We are committed to creating a sustainable corporate governance structure, actively addressing the concerns of shareholders and other investors, customers, suppliers, employees, and the public, and effectively safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders, including shareholders and other investors, customers, suppliers, employees, and the public. This report details the Company's ESG progress in 2023 and was deliberated and adopted by the Board of Directors on March 28, 2024. For 60 years, Feihe has been dedicated to research on Chinese babies constitution and breastfeeding nutrition, leading the industry in developing various technologies, formulas, and processes to enhance the adaptability of infant formula to Chinese babies' constitution. The underlying aim of everything we do is to offer ever fresher and more suitable milk for Chinese parents and their children. In the future, Feihe will continue to adhere to its strategic positioning as Smart Babies Drink Feihe. Besides formula, we will produce premium quality milk powder and fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. Company Profile Corporate Culture Be a trustworthy and respected nutritional expert for families Bring joy and health to familiesPutting consumers first and actions before words, and achieving win-win outcomes and excellenceVision Mission Values BOARD STATEMENT8ABOUT FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE10 11 2023 Rewards Products and services Awards at the 2023 MONDE SELECTION Gold Silver Bronze MONDE SELECTIONExcellent Service Award from the Good Life Alliance JD RetailCertification of China Milk SourceLongbiao Quality Assessment Report Technology R&D Second Prize of Technological Progress Award Application of Membrane Sterilization and Aseptic Addition Technology in Ambient Temperature Milk with Active Lactoferrin China Dairy Industry Association China National Committee of the International Dairy FederationChinese Dairy Industry Technological Innovation Exemplary Enterprise China Dairy Industry AssociationSocial Responsibility Title of National Advanced Private Enterprise in Employment and Social Security All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce All-China Federation of Trade Unions Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of ChinaTop 100 Pioneers among China's ESG- Listed Companies China Central Radio and Television StationEmployee Management 51job Outstanding Employer Award 2023 51jobBest Employer Management Practice Award 2023 Beisen Cloud Computing Co., Ltd. Digital Ecology 2023 Annual Advanced Demonstration Case of Digital Transformation in the Consumer Goods Industry China Light Industry Information Center2022-2023 TOP 10 Vanguard Enterprise Supply Chain Digitization Award Blue Whale Hunwater Information Technology Co., LtdChina Certification & Inspection Group (CCIC) Heilongjiang Branch Heilongjiang Branch Heilongjiang Province Brand Strategy Promotion AssociationChina Dairy Industry Association Discovery ChannelQuality Gold Award in the Infant Formula Milk Powder Quality Competition Nomination Award in the China Quality Award Outstanding Rural Revitalization Cases 2023 China Newspaper Industry ESG Development Impact Enterprise of the Year 2023 HexunResponsible Enterprise of the Year 2023 China Corporate Social Responsibility Forum Business Power - ESG Green Pioneer Enterprise of the Year 2023 Shijie Economic Weekly Market Research Institute of ShijiePeople's Corporate Social Responsibility Award-Rural Revitalization Award people. cn People's Daily Typical Cases of Green, Low- Carbon, and Sustainable Development in China's Dairy Industry China Dairy Industry AssociationOutstanding Responsibility Report of the Year 2023 China Enterprise Social Responsibility Annual Conference (South Weekend)ESG Pioneer Enterprise of the Year 2023 NetEase Public Welfare Project Assisting Rural Revitalization Plan 2023 Loving Enterprises Communist Party Committee of Samzhubz District, Xigaz City, Tibet Autonomous Region People's Government of Samzhubz District Xigaz City Tibet Autonomous Region2023 Rewards 2023 Campus Recruitment Excellence Practice Award Yonyou Dayee Cloud Recruitment, Digital HR Summit 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE12 13 Key Performances in 2023 Strengthening Compliance Operations Marketing-related reports with a completion rate of 100 Supplier anti-corruption clause contract signing rate 100 Conducted a total of 17 anti-corruption training sessions for distributors With cumulative learning exceeding 400 participantsOrganized employees to watch the Trust and Integrity Enterprise Alliance live courses more than 20 Organized 2 information security training sessionsWith over 3, 000 participants engaging in information security drillsReceived 0 corruption-related legal proceedingCarried out anti-corruption training sessions covering 100 staff Deepening in the Nutrition Field Building a Low-Carbon FutureTotal research investment reached RMB 0. 61 billion Conducted testing for over 9, 800 types of active components in breast milkThe breast milk database has incorporated over 2, 300 breast milk samplesPublished 5 SCI papers related to breast milkApplied for 4 invention patentsAccumulated 226 authorized patentsWith 130 authorized patents obtained in 2023Over 700 Participants With a cumulative duration of 30 hoursConducted 11 intellectual property training sessions512 trademarks under application Conducted Environmental Protection Day activities, reaching 631 participantsTotal water savings of 75, 000 tonnesTotal environmental investment of RMB 3. 5368 million COD reduction amounting to 28. 71 tonnesThe proportion of recyclable materials in the packaging materials used in production is 96 With no penalties incurred due to environmental violationsApplied for 1, 939 trademarksIncluding 1, 427 registered trademarksFocus on Excellence in Quality Customer complaint closure rate within 72 hours reached 91. 4 Product recall incidents occurred NoThe total membership of the Star Mom Club has exceeded 65 millionWith a 55 increase in user activity compared to the previous period6 laboratories have been accredited by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS)With the highest number of accredited items being 104Covering 71 testing standardsOrganized 153 quality and food safety training eventsWith a cumulative training duration of 514. 4 hoursOver 95 of raw material suppliers have passed ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, and ISO 22000 certificationsAll factories have achieved ISO 9001 Quality Management System and FSSC 22000 Food Safety Management System certification, achieving 100 certification coverage Enhancing Employee Well-being Carrying Out Social ResponsibilitiesRecruited 10 mid-to- high-level digital talentFemale employees account for 43 of the total workforce With 100 coverage in safety training65 Key position talents Over 95 of raw material suppliers have obtained ISO- related certificationsEngaged in 6 visits with senior executives of distributors Invested over RMB 65 million in the Longjiang Education Charity Action Benefiting more than 280, 000 in-service full-time teachersOver 3. 3 million StudentsConducted over 100 business exchanges Donated a total of RMB 27 million in cash and goods in 2023 Covering 13 cities and 125 counties in Heilongjiang ProvinceAverage safety training per employee is 8 hours The occupational health examination rate for employees in hazardous positions is 100 Employee training coverage reached 100 6 Factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certificationSupported over 500 employeesWith an average of 53 hours of training per person With an investment of RMB 3. 3736 million in safety productionProviding gifts and condolences amounting to over RMB 15 millionTimely pre-employment, during- employment, and post-employment health examinations reached 100 Occupational disease suspected occupational disease detected 0Key performances in 2023 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE14 15 ESG Governance Communication with StakeholdersFeihe integrates corporate responsibility and dedication into its core values, prioritizing sustainable management and actively championing sustainability across five pivotal domains quality innovation, industry prosperity, ecological balance, people-centric initiatives, and care and accountability. The Company's Board of Directors serves as the highest authority and decision-making body for ESG matters, ensuring robust oversight of ESG-related policies, objectives, and disclosures to establish effective ESG risk management and internal control systems. This committee oversees ESG issues that may impact the Company's business or operations, as well as the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. The Company's management team is entrusted with setting ESG goals and action plans, while relevant executive levels are assigned to coordinate the implementation of these plans and drive progress across various ESG initiatives. Major stakeholders Expectations and demands Our response Governments and regulatorsOperate in accordance with laws and regulations Pay taxes in full and on timeAccept supervision and assessment Participate in meetings and training organized by government and industry associations Shareholders and investorsImprove returns on investment Enhance information disclosure Build greater market valueConvene the general meeting of shareholders Disclose information and make regular announcements Organize investor relations activities ConsumersProduce high quality products Provide innovative services Create convenient communication channelsConduct basic scientific research Invest in research and development Provide online and offline communication channels Enhance visualized traceability across the industry Industrial chain partnersAbide by business ethics Seek win-win outcomes for shared growthCommunicate regularly with suppliers Train and evaluate distributors Industry peersEngage in fair competition Boosting the industry Partake in appraisal Propose guidelines Collaborate and conduct research with universities EnvironmentalistsProtect the environment Use resources responsiblyBuild green factories Go green in the workplace Conserve energy and reduce emissions EmployeesSafeguard basic rights and interests Provide career growth Ensure a work-life balanceBuild a multi-tiered training structure Create more opportunities for promotion Offer diversified bonuses for employees CommunitiesBoost local economies Engage with the community Help those in needProvide nutritious and healthy products to those in poverty Participate in charitable activities Focus on the health of mothers and babies SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENTSUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE16 17 Materiality Assessment To prepare this report, we followed the Environmental, Social and Governance Guide ( ESG Guide ) in Appendix C2 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, identified ESG issues and made materiality assessment to ensure comprehensive coverage of the information disclosed in the report and the concerns of stakeholders. In 2023, the Company reviewed material issues, reassessed, analyzed and adjusted them based on issues in the industry, media monitoring results, and changes in ESG development trends to further identify Feihe's 2022 ESG material issues in better response to sustainable development trends and stakeholders' demands. The material ESG issues of Feihe in 2023 are determined as follows Identify relevant issues Research signifcance Evaluate impact on operations21 issues concerning environment, society and, corporate governance were identifed. They were col-lected from a broad range of sources, including the HKEX ESG Guide, GRI Standards, internal policies and strategies, peer practices and an ESG rating system. Senior management assessed the impact of the identifed issues on our core business segments. The issues were ranked based on their signifcance to stakeholders and to Feihe. This ranking was represented in the form of a matrix, which provides a crucial foundation for our ESG strategies, goals and disclosure. High Medium Low 1 GHG emissions and energy management 2 Green procurement of raw materials 3 Green packaging and recycling 4 Employee rights and welfare 5 Food quality and safety 6 Responsible marketing 7 Service quality management 8 Opportunities for nutritional innovation 9 Compliant operation and production10 Waste management 11 Water resource management 12 Response to climate change 13 Occupational health and safety 14 Career development and training 15 Intellectual property protection 16 Supplier management 17 Customer privacy management 18 Business ethics and anti- corruption 19 Risk mangement20 Ecological conservation 21 Charity activitiesSustainability Activities Feihe's Participation in ESG Standard FormulationIn 2023, Feihe participated in multiple international conferences on sustainability, effectively communicating our experiences and accomplishments in sustainable development to the global community. Notably, we showcased innovative solutions for implementing circular economy practices in livestock farming within cold climate regions, as well as strategies for fostering low-carbon development in the dairy industry. In addition, throughout 2023, Feihe actively engaged in the development of various ESG standards and guidelines, offering professional support for ESG education and the establishment of ESG evaluation standards. Enviromental Issues Social Issues Governance Issues Feihe's ESG materiality matrix 2023 Rank the issues 01 02 03 04LowMedium High Table Attendance at International Conferences by Feihe in 2023 Feihe was invited to participate in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Seminar on Collaborative Transformation and Development of Digital Greenization. Feihe was recognized for its outstanding case study titled Promoting Transformation and Upgrading of China's Dairy Industry through Collaborative Transformation and Development of Digital Greenization. Feihe shared its sustainable innovation practices and committed to the Business in Action - Consensus on Sustainable Industrial Development initiative. This initiative encompasses areas such as resource utilization, renewable energy adoption, technological innovation, inclusive development, and sustainable international cooperation. Representing Chinese enterprises, Feihe was invited to attend the China Pavilion High-level Side Event at the United Nations COP28. Feihe showcased concepts and achievements such as the Ecological Circulation Model in the Whole Industry Chain, demonstrating China's corporate ingenuity and determination in carbon reduction efforts. In June 2023 In September 2023 In December 2023 Feihe collaborated with units such as the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC) to compile the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Basic Course Materials. Feihe participated in the formulation of the China Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting Guidelines 5. 0 (CASS-CSR 5. 0). Each committee is responsible for offering decision- making references and suggestions on major management matters, collaborating effectively to fulfill their respective functions, to ensure the efficient operation of the Board of Directors. Our Border consists of 11 directors, including 4 executive directors, 3 non- executive directors, and 4 independent non-executive directors, who operate independently from the controlling shareholder in terms of management, operation, and finance. During the reporting period, the Company's Board of Directors held four meetings, with a director attendance rate of 95. Board MembersGovernance StructureFeihe has diligently complied with national laws and regulations, domestic and overseas regulatory requirements, including all relevant provisions of the Company Law of the People's Republic of China, the Cayman Islands Companies Law, and the Corporate Governance Code of Appendix C1 of the Main Board Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Executive directors 4 Nonexecutive directors 3 Independent non-executive directors 4The Company's Board of Directors held meetings 4With a director attendance rate of 95 Structure of the Board of Directors ESG Committee Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Audit CommitteeBoard of Directors Feihe strictly adheres to its internal regulations, granting the Board of Directors a variety of important rights, including but not limited to implementing resolutions passed at the general meeting of shareholders, formulating development strategies and investment plans, evaluating our governance, risk management and internal controls, ensuring the Company's compliant operations and sustainable development. By utilizing internal control measures effectively, we can play a preventive role in risk management. The Audit Committee of Feihe is responsible for risk management and oversees the implementation of the risk control system comprehensively. Under the Committee, a crisis management team is established to swiftly and effectively address various crises, minimizing potential risks to the greatest extent possible. In the event of a crisis, our crisis management team works to assess the damage caused comprehensively and draws lessons to avoid similar issues in the future. In 2023, Feihe updated its risk framework in response to changes in the Company's internal and external environment, further strengthened the effectiveness of closed-loop management, and ensured that risk response measures were effectively implemented and achieved the expected results. During quarterly evaluations of risk identification and control effectiveness, we conduct targeted one-on-one Q&A sessions to ensure that every employee is well-versed in risk awareness. This approach aims to build a robust barrier against potential risks. Risk ControlFeihe consistently upholds that sustainable growth hinges on the establishment of a comprehensive and responsible risk management framework. We prioritize our core business activities, elevate corporate management standards and awareness of risk prevention, advocate for the establishment and upkeep of robust internal control systems, and actively participate in internal audit processes. These efforts serve as a solid defense, safeguarding the Company's stable operation and facilitating its long-term growth trajectory. Audit and SupervisionThe Company has formulated the Feihe Dairy Group Audit System, the Reward and Punishment Management System of Feihe Dairy, which outlines the audit and supervision scope for directors, senior management, various functional departments, and wholly-owned or holding and participating companies with significant influence. Specific departments or personnel involved in compliance incidents are directly linked to individual performance assessments, guiding employees to actively fulfill their job responsibilities. In 2023, we conducted six comprehensive audits to ensure the compliance of our Company's operations, covering the authenticity and reasonableness of business operations, the compliance of system processes, and the effectiveness of internal management. These audits spanned across various departments and units, including the supply chain, production, IT, and research and development. Additionally, we conducted special reviews focusing on fixed asset management, information system continuity, intellectual property, and IT. These initiatives were aimed at comprehensively enhancing the Company's governance level and bolstering our capabilities in risk prevention. We conducted subsequent reviews to assess the effectiveness of the corrective actions, ensuring the consistency and reliability of the Company's management practices. Feihe Special Audit We conducted a comprehensive review of the annual inventory of company fixed assets, with a focus on inventory scope, discrepancies between accounting records and physical assets, and assessed the suitability of the fixed asset management system. Simultaneously, we conducted checks on the daily management of assets, identified any issues or deficiencies, and implemented improvement measures to ensure the security and appreciation of assets. Special assessment of fixed asset management We developed business continuity management regulations, clearly defined responsibilities, risk management requirements for system upgrades and maintenance, emergency management plans, etc. Risk identifcationPatent analysis We conducted a comprehensive review of company patents, assessed their market value and technological advantages, and established an intellectual property system. Trademark protection We evaluated the Company's trademark registration, usage, and protection status, and enhanced the trademark system. Intellectual property risk prevention We analyzed potential risks the Company may face in terms of intellectual property and proposed risk prevention measures. System security We conducted security assessments of the Company's IT systems to ensure their security. Account permissions We reviewed permissions for internal and external personnel, effectively reducing system security risks and management costs. Project management We evaluated the effectiveness of project management, covering aspects such as project planning, resources, and costs. We identified potential risks and management issues, and provided targeted improvement suggestions to ensure the smooth implementation and operation of projects. It is tasked with comprehensively overseeing and implementing daily anti-fraud measures within the Company and its subsidiaries, ensuring adherence to laws, regulations, and ethical standards in all business activities. The Company takes a firm stance against fraudulent activities that undermine its economic interests or result in improper economic gains. Investigation outcomes pertaining to business ethics and anti-corruption matters are directly reported to the Company's CEO and Chairman for review. If illegal activities are suspected, they are promptly referred to judicial authorities as required. During the reporting period, the Company did not face any legal proceedings related to corruption. This ensures a comprehensive approach to integrity management. In 2023, the Company continuedly conducted a total of 30 anti-corruption-related training sessions, targeting the Board of Directors, management, and ordinary employees, with a training coverage rate of 100. Additionally, we prioritize integrity management among distributors and conducted a total of 17 special training sessions on anti-corruption and integrity for them. Feihe's anti-corruption external lecturer training sceneBusiness Ethics Feihe has always regarded professional ethics and integrity building as core elements of corporate development, imple- menting them in every aspect of corporate governance. The Company complies with the Company Law of the People's Re - public of China, the Inspection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People's Republic of China, the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People's Republic of China and other national policies and regulations, as well as the Intra-Party Supervision Regulations of the Communist Party of China, and the Disciplinary Action Regulations of the Communist Party of China. Our Anti-Fraud System of Feihe Dairy, Inquiry Measures for Employees' Violations and the Audit System Management of Feihe Dairy and other internal policies continuously improve compliance performance and business ethics management. Anti-corruption-related training coverage rate of 100 The Company continuedly conducted a total of anti- corruption-related training sessions 30Reporting Process and Whistleblower ProtectionTo effectively prevent and combat fraudulent behavior, we have explicitly prohibited all levels of personnel from disclosing whistleblower information or engaging in retaliatory actions against whistleblowers within the Feihe Dairy Group Audit Management System. Special teams have been formed to conduct comprehensive investigations into reported matters and compliance risks revealed during regular assessments, with clear punitive and control measures outlined accordingly. Throughout the investigation and handling of reported matters, we strictly adhere to the confidentiality system to fully protect the legitimate rights and interests of whistleblowers and investigators, striving to foster a compliant and healthy business environment. Marketing-related reports with a completion rate of 100 Report Processing Process Preliminarily examine the re- porting, e. g. whether the in- formant has evidence, clues, and sources, to judge the fea- sibility to investigate and audit. The task force analyses the key evidence, determines the inves - tigation direction, audit steps, and audit plans and submit them to the Head of the Department for approval. The task force verifies and in - vestigates the cases according to the audit plan, records the conversation and collects evi- dence. Preliminary examinationInitiating complaints Collecting evidence Investigation reportFeedback to senior levels02 050301 04 Strengthening Compliance Operations26 27 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe is committed to fostering an open and transparent procurement environment, ensuring fair and orderly cooperation with suppliers. In 2023, Feihe achieved a 100 signing rate for supplier contracts containing anti-corruption clauses. This initiative focuses on comprehensive risk control throughout the department's processes, accompanied by advocacy and training endeavors. In 2023, Feihe officially became a member of the Sunshine Integrity Alliance, spearheaded by leading enterprises across diverse industries and the Criminal Law Science Research Center of Renmin University of China. Through this alliance, we engage in idea exchange and advocate for a culture of integrity and compliance, actively cultivating a transparent and ethical business environment. Throughout the reporting period, we took part in events such as the 2023 Enterprise Investigation Practice Seminar and the 6th (2023) Corporate Integrity and Compliance Summit, actively contributing to the steadfast development of the industry. Anti-Corruption in the Supply Chain Feihe conducts regular integrity training sessions focusing on procurement matters. Enterprise Investigation Practice Seminar SiteFeihe achieved a signing rate for supplier contracts containing anti-corruption clauses 100 In 2023 With over participants benefiting 400We organize viewing sessions for the Sunshine Integrity Alliance live courses, totaling more than sessions 20Information SecurityFeihe prioritizes the protection of customer privacy and information security. We have implemented an information security management reporting mechanism, mandating all levels of information security management organizations to routinely consolidate information security efforts and report to higher-level organizations. Feihe Information Security Management System Information Security CommitteeSenior leadership of the Company and heads of information security-related departments Professional staff from the Information Technology Center Designated personnel from each departmentInformation Security Management Team Information Security Representatives in Each Department Formulated and supervised information security policies and strategies, guided information security work; Hold quarterly meetings to review and guide the reports of the Information Security Committee, assessed the Company's information security status, and plan the work of the next phase. Conducted daily information security management tasks such as risk assessment, vulnerability management, and compliance checks; Hold weekly meetings to report and handle information security incidents, summarize and arrange daily management work, and report the information security work of their department to the head of the Information Security Management Team. We have constructed a comprehensive information security system. In 2023, we revised existing management systems by amending the Information Security Management System and the Security Vulnerability Management Regula - tions. These revisions include clarifying the overall policy and main objectives of the Group's network security management, further defining responsibilities for vulner- ability management, and enhancing code inspection management requirements. Feihe follows ISO 27001 Information Security Management System and network security level protection guidelines for construction, actively conducting clas- sification and filing of information system network security levels, and promptly implementing rectifications for network security level protection assessment is - sues. In 2023, the Company completed the level protection assessment of level three systems such as the Feihe Dairy Online Operation Platform and the Feihe Dairy Big Data Platform. Throughout the reporting period, the Company did not encounter any significant network security incidents. In 2023, the Company conducted audits on the basic security, network architecture security, data security, information security risk management, information security emergency management, and information security management systems of public cloud platforms, private cloud platforms, and internal production systems. These audits were instrumental in effectively preventing information security risks. Information security system training Feihe's Information Security Management Measures The Company implemented physical access controls and physical security monitoring for the production environment to ensure that only authorized personnel can enter critical areas. Strict access restrictions are imposed on data to ensure that only authorized personnel can access sensitive data and resources. Key information encryption measures are adopted to protect important data. In 2023, four security checks were conducted, resulting in the identification and rectification of 258 vulnerabilities. We developed emergency response plans and recovery plans to ensure timely response and data system recovery in the event of security incidents. In April 2023, Feihe conducted a 5-day attack-defense drill involving more than 3, 000 employees to enhance their emergency response capabilities. During the drill, one group of participants attacked the production system, identifying system vulnerabilities and gaining access to system data permissions. Meanwhile, another group monitored the attack situation and promptly handled any attack events. This exercise uncovered security vulnerabilities and risks within the organization, leading to the implementation of effective measures for repair and improvement, ultimately achieving the desired objectives. In 2023, we introduced a range of quality management procedure documents, such as the Emergency Preparedness and Response Management Procedure, Production Line Shutdown and Restart Release Management Procedure, Foreign Object Prevention Visual Inspection Equipment Verification and Confirmation Management Specification, Quality Training Management Specification, and others. Additionally, we updated documents including the Management Review Control Procedure, Complaint Investigation and Analysis Management Procedure, Group Quality Award Management Measures, and standards for raw material risk monitoring. These efforts aim to elevate quality standards across all stages of production and distribution, while further standardizing quality inspection processes to ensure the integrity of raw milk sources from pastures. Product QualityFeihe upholds the quality management policy of customer- centric, all-inclusive, earning trust, pursuing excellence, and steady progress. These measures guarantee that our products consistently meet the highest quality standards. Full-cycle Quality Management Process Consumer demandMarket research Regulatory compliance New raw material review Raw material standards InspectionNew product initiation Satisfaction surveys Complaint handlingConsumers Transportation vehicle management Product protectionLogistics Customer service User experienceSales Storage condition management Product protectionWarehousing Accuracy of quality management system verification Release management based on process, conditions, and verificationVerification release User requirements Sanitary engineering 4Q verificationProject design Self-controlled milk source management Supplier management Raw material risk monitoring Incoming acceptance Deviation managementSupply chain management Product formula design Stability studies Product trials Equipment process compliance Packaging safety assessment Transportation experimentsResearch and development design Quality control plan HACCP food safety control system Food defense and food fraud management Microbial control Chemical pollution control Foreign object control Pest control Cleaning and disinfection control Change, verification Deviation managementProduction 1 PDCA Cycle The quality management process is divided into four stages, namely Plan, Do, Check, and Act. Work is organized according to planning, implementation, checking the results of implementation, and incorporating successful practices into standards while addressing unsuccessful ones in the next cycle. Focus on Excellent Quality34 35 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Milk Quality Inspection Processes In addition, we place great importance on the implementation of WCM (World Class Manufacturing). These pillars are instrumental in continuously enhancing equipment efficiency and personnel management capabilities, thereby fostering the ongoing improvement of Feihe's product quality. In 2023, Feihe optimized the QM pillar pathway by refining the management process of pre- indicators at various stages in the factory, streamlining change processes, and implementing sensory evaluation systems. The goal is to consistently prioritize risks and complaints, establishing a zero-defect system. Among these initiatives, we introduced a digitalized Quality Management System (QMS) that integrates quality management throughout the entire process, from supplier evaluation, material procurement, receipt, storage, production, and inspection, to release. This ensures precise data analysis, automatic deviation alerts, and the closed-loop management of deviation prevention measures validation. During the reporting period, Feihe has consistently exceeded EU standards in the quality of fresh milk, with total bacterial counts controlled to 1 20 of the EU standard and somatic cell counts controlled to 1 2 of the EU standard. This ensures the creation of optimal conditions for maintaining product quality stability. During the reporting period, our domestic factories have achieved ISO 9001 quality management system and FSSC 22000 food safety management system certification. These certifications encompass the production processes of baby formula milk powder, milk powder, liquid milk, and other related products. Additionally, the Kedong and Shaanxi factories have obtained HACCP8 Certification and GMP9 Certification which encompass the production processes of baby formula milk powder, milk powder, and liquid milk. The Kedong and Gannan factories have obtained FSVP10 certification and CGMP11 certification with the certification scope covering the production of baby formula milk powder. Process inspection On the basis of national food safety standards including GB 10765, GB 10766, GB 10767, and GB 19301, we monitor the whole process including raw milk, raw and auxiliary materials, the environment, packaging, products to be packaged, finished products and energy, and fully inspect each batch of products to ensure the quality and safety meet the national and industrial internal control standards. Our factory regularly uses big data analysis to comprehensively inspect the quality of the pasture under its jurisdiction and identifies the hazards in the whole process. The Improvement Project Team under the Milk Source Management Department rectifies existing problems and reinforces good practice. Environmental inspection Third-party appraisal Identification and improvement 2 FI pillar Focused Improvement pillar effectively control costs, reduce switch ing, improve efficiency, shorten the lead time for delivery, better completion of deliveries and support the fresh strategy. AM pillar Autonomous maintenance pillar-organize front-line operators to participate in early-stage checks for abnormal problems and simple maintenance tasks. HACCP A food safety control system that identifies critical control points th rough hazard analysis. Focus on Excellent Quality36 37 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We prioritize the professional development of personnel within our quality system by implementing comprehensive competency improvement plans tailored to employees in various positions. These plans encompass training sessions that address system standards, professional technical knowledge, inspection skills, and the sharing of experiences in quality and food safety management practices. Throughout the reporting period, we conducted a total of 153 quality and food safety training sessions, accumulating a duration of 514. 4 hours. These sessions were attended by over 4, 000 employees across functional groups, factory quality, and key production positions. The seminar focused on discussing and exchanging ideas regarding quality control issues, including consistency checks on records, on-site parameter verification, and personnel question and assessment. The aim was to ensure effective implementation of quality control across all factories. During the seminar, 27 execution highlights were identified at the Longjiang factory and shared with other factories. Additionally, over a hundred discussion items were raised during the QMS rationality comparison process, providing direction for further updates and implementation of QMS across factories. Feihe's inaugural QMS training seminar Feihe's inaugural QMS training seminar In April, 2023, Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar was held at the Longjiang Factory with the aim of addressing issues related to synergy, innovation, and consistency in the operation of the quality pillar. The seminar reviewed the practical results achieved in pilot factories, clarified the direction and focus for future development, discussed the importance of WCM quality pillars in addressing challenges, and improving quality management and consumer satisfaction. Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar Feihe's WCM quality pillar improvement seminar In January 2023, Feihe organized a specialized training session aimed at enhancing sensory skills. During this event, sensory inspectors from various factories underwent training sessions that included explanations of sensory evaluation methods, practical exercises, and discussions to address operational inconsistencies and ambiguities in standards. Through this training, participants gained hands- on experience with sensory evaluation workflows and improved their overall competency in sensory inspection. Feihe's inaugural sensory skill enhancement training Feihe sensory skills enhancement training Focus on Excellent Quality38 39 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We have established a product testing laboratory that encompasses over 200 testing items throughout the entire industry chain, ensuring precise examination of nutritional components, trace elements, and harmful risk factors in milk powder. Notably, six of our laboratories have obtained accreditation from the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS), covering 104 items across 71 testing standards. These standards include various categories such as dairy products, infant and toddler foods, animal and vegetable oils, and nutritional fortifiers. Additionally, our laboratories actively participate in proficiency testing programs organized by FAPAS12 LGC13and ACAS14, amounting to a total of 946 assessments. Each of these assessments has received satisfactory evaluations, underscoring the accuracy and reliability of Feihe's testing laboratories. This endeavor involves the construction of pastures, exclusive pastures, and feed processing plants, alongside reinforcing veterinary medicine management and on-site supervision. Our pasture is strategically situated in the Golden Milk Source Belt at 47 N latitude, forming a specialized industry cluster that integrates grass planting, dairy cow breeding, production processing, and after-sales services. The self-owned pasture achieves 100 self-sufficiency in milk sources, encompassing dairy cow breeding, health care and prevention, milking, and fresh milk transportation. The Company has implemented a product traceability system that provides customers with essential details such as the product's origin. Additionally, through visualized projects, we have achieved full-chain traceability, enabling users to observe the live production process of milk powder via remote cameras. Every month, Feihe factories inspect the pastures on-site, checking for issues with withdrawal period control, feed management, veterinary medicine management, and fresh milk microbiological indicators. An audit team is established annually to carry out in-depth examinations of supplier pasture environments and system architecture. Furthermore, we prioritize animal welfare by using TMR15 feeding to ensure a balanced diet for our animals, trimming their hooves, and safeguarding them from diseases and parasites. Milk Source Management Feihe strictly complies with GB 31650. 1-2022 National Food Safety Standard Maximum Residue Limits for 41 Veterinary Medicines in Food and has developed a risk monitoring plan for raw milk with reference to the risk early warnings of chemical contaminants in milk and dairy products issued by the EU, WHO, FDA, Canadian Food Inspection Agency, and other international organizations. This plan is used to strictly manage veterinary medicine and cattle health. The pasture regularly conducts veterinary medicine inventory to determine the use, inventory, and amount of incoming medicine to ensure that veterinary medicine are used accurately with detailed classifications. It is strictly prohibited to cross-use veterinary medicines between lactating and non-lactating cows. Furthermore, prescription medicines must be administered by a qualified veterinarian in each pasture. The third party also conducts sampling inspections of antibiotics every year to reduce the risk of antibiotic residues in raw milk. Managing Veterinary Medicine6 our laboratories have obtained ac - creditation from the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) 12 FAPAS determine the capabilities of food testing and analysis laboratories can verify inspection methods for chemical components, microorganisms, etc., in food items such as meat, edible oils, baby food, vegetables, and so on. LGC The LGC Laboratory Capability Verification Program covers professional areas such as food, beverages, and the environment. It provides solutions for laboratories worldwide to conduct measurement comparisons with international standards, self-monitoring of laboratories, and improvement of measurement quality. TMR Total Mixed Ration (TMR) is a feeding technique that involves thoroughly mixing roughage, concentrates, minerals, vitamins, and other additives to provide sufficient nutrition to meet the needs of dairy cows. Focus on Excellent Quality40 41 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Daily Management Quality TrainingEvaluation and AssessmentWe implemented an extensive internal control system for quality to guarantee rigorous oversight in all areas, ranging from procurement to production. We identi- fied and prevented potential risks, effectively avoiding and controlling potential risks of chemical pollutants and pathogens entering finished products, thereby ensuring product quality. In 2023, we optimized the supplier quality manage- ment process, which improved the level of supplier quality and food safety management. Outstanding suppliers were given priority in procurement and offered increased order quantities. For suppliers with poor delivery quality, we conducted investigations, implemented corrective actions, and eliminated suppliers whose performance improve- ments did not meet requirements. In 2023, more than 95 of Feihua's raw material suppliers have been certified with ISO 9001, FSSC 22000, and ISO 22000, covering all raw material suppliers and core packaging suppliers. Supplier Quality Management Supplier Quality Management Measures Quality Access and Audit We conducted systematic evaluations of the suitability, adequacy, and effective- ness of suppliers' food safety manage- ment systems. Suppliers that did not pass the audit were not permitted to enter Fei - he's qualified supplier list. We revised documents such as Supplier Access and Reassessment Procedure and Supplier Audit Procedure, conducting comprehensive assessments of suppli - ers' quality and food safety management systems during the qualification access phase to ensure suppliers meet required standards. We referenced domestic and international standards to establish risk control stan- dards for raw materials and packaging materials, requiring suppliers to provide third-party quality testing reports and conduct monitoring of these materials at each factory. Feihe has always adhered to the bottom line of food safety, strictly abiding by relevant laws and regulations such as the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China and the Food Recall Management Measures. Moreover, the Company conducts regular simulated recall drills each year to ensure that the recall procedure can be promptly initiated in the event of any food safety hazards. Feihe places great emphasis on product safety risk management, with a professional team conducting risk assessments and conducting rigorous testing on every batch of products before they leave the factory. If any abnormality is found during these inspections, we immediately investigate any deviations, and determine the best disposal plan to legally dispose of non-conforming products. In 2023, we reported no product recall. Product Recall Focus on Excellent Quality42 43 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe places customer satisfaction at the forefront and has established various platforms including roadshows, events, apps, and hotlines. Through platforms such as Star Mom, we provide personalized nutrition and health services, along with scientific parenting advice. With a remarkable 55 increase in user activity, Star Mom boasts over 65 million members as of 2023. Throughout the year, we successfully hosted over ten online events, facilitating in-depth communication with customers and fostering trust. Feihe values the management of customer service personnel and has established customer service systems and standards, including the Customer Feedback Incentive Program and Performance and Monthly Reward Program, to enhance the overall quality and service level of after-sales service personnel. Moreover, each customer service representative holds advanced certificates in infant care and nutrition, ensuring the delivery of professional and high-quality after-sales service to customers. Customer CommunicationCustomer ServiceFeihe attaches great importance to meeting the needs of our customers. We are dedicated to delivering an exceptional service experience by establishing diversified channels to safeguard consumer rights and interests. Feihe's customer communication channels 400 care hotline Regular care from nutrition consultantsParenting workshops Online consultation through Star Mom platformApp terminal app Parent-child activitiesSocial media interactionPregnancy lectures Roadshows Feihe has innovated its customer service model through the Star Mom preferred platform, introducing an in - novative online and offline integrated service model for maternal and child retail stores. This has helped mater - nal and child stores smoothly tran - sition into comprehensive family life experience stores. The baby online event in Zhengzhou, Henan Prov- ince, serves as a successful practi- tioner of this model, having operated its family consumer business as an independent business line, greatly enhancing the shopping experience for consumers. Innovative customer service model Baby Online event scene In May 2023, Feihe held the 528 Baby Day event. Through a user- generated content (UGC) video voting selection format, the event attracted over 30, 000 new members within 20 days and actively engaged more than 540, 000 participants, receiving over 10, 000 video submissions. Feihe 528 Baby Day Event Feihe 528 Baby Day Event pageParticipants in Brain Development Strategy activities 24. 65 millionParticipants of 528 Baby Day activities 540, 000 Focus on Excellent Quality44 45 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report We devised strategies in accordance with the Advertising Law of the People's Republic of China, the Food Safety Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations. This includes the establishment of the Product Packaging Design Process and the standardization of product promotion and responsible sales systems to ensure the authenticity and efficacy of product packaging information. This process encompasses marketing slogans, advertisements, posters, and promotional event content, ensuring thorough scrutiny before publication. Additionally, we collaborated closely with the China Advertising Association and jointly initiated the No promotion for Stage 1 formula, no advertising for Stage 1-2 formula initiative. These seminars covered topics related to market, brand, and channel marketing, thereby standardizing employee responsibilities in marketing behavior. To this end, we have implemented the Distributor Management System and the Distributor Star Management Program, which delineate the rights and obligations of both parties, ensuring fairness, justice, and transparency throughout the cooperation process. This ensures that distributors meet the requirements for brand development, and allows us to adjust cooperation strategies promptly when necessary. In our commitment to enhancing the professionalism and sales capabilities of distributors, we conduct regular training activities. These sessions feature industry experts and internal professional teams who provide training on product knowledge, sales skills, and market trends for our distributors. Distributor Management In August, 2023, we held the mid-year distribu - tor conference for network distribution in Beijing. The main topics covered marketing incentive mechanisms, reward systems, product review systems, and transparent factory traceability. Through sharing and exchanges at the distrib- utor conference, we continued to optimize its network distribution business, providing distrib- utors and consumers with more efficient and high-quality services. Feihe mid-year distributor conference for network distribution Distributor Conference Scene In August, 2023, we invited the core distributors to participate in the Douyin Traceability Season event on our Douyin platform. The goal was for distributors to gain a better understanding of our manufacturing process and quality assurance, as well as to establish a closer relationship with Feihe, thereby increasing their trust and sense of belonging to the products. Douyin Traceability Season Event Feihe and distributors participated in the Douyin Traceability Season event Feihe has always adhered to a responsible approach towards consumers, employing systems like the Complaint Verification and Reporting Process to swiftly identify and track complaint risks, ensuring timely issue resolution. In 2023, our closure rate within 72 hours reached 91. 4, marking a 4. 6 increase from the previous year. Moreover, we successfully identified and improved 46 complaint risks related to products, sales, and services in 2023, resolving 34 risk issues with a closure rate of 73. 9. Our customer satisfaction rate has reached an impressive 98. Consumers' Rights and Interests Our customer satisfac- tion rate has reached an impressive 98 We had a total of partner distributors 2, 811 Focus on Excellent Quality46 47 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe Smart Manufacturing ModelIntelligent EcologyFeihe is advancing its digital transformation by implementing the 3 2 2 16 digital development strategy. This strategy focuses on leveraging the business middle office and information middle office to facilitate vertical and horizontal integration among diverse systems, thereby encompassing the entire business process with big data and algorithm applications. This transformation marks a shift in the supply chain system from business support to data intelligence, thus fostering the advancement of information technologies and management based on data intelligence. Through a unified interface (such as OPC 19 UA20 and according to the transmission protocol (such as industrial Ethernet transmission protocol), we connect to the automation control system. Industrial equipment layer Through equipment monitoring and control systems (e. g. SCADA21 HMI22, etc.), we realized functions such as data acquisition, equipment control, measurement, parameter regulation and various types of signal alarms. For example, SCADA is a computer-based automatic control system and automatic monitoring system that monitors and controls the network of operating equipment on site. Automation control layer With a remarkable intelligent supply chain and world-class manufacturing capabilities, Feihe has garnered recognition from both domestic and international authorities. Additionally, Feihe attained the highest-level certification as one of the pioneering 3-star enterprises in digital transformation maturity nationwide, underscoring its exceptional accomplishments in the concerted advancement of digitalization and green initiatives. This consists of production execution systems such as MES, LIMS23 and WMS24 that meet different industrial requirements and are responsible for tasks acquisition and assignment, and process execution. In this process, it is necessary to request the various parameters, variables, states, and data required from systems or industrial equipment layer devices in the automation control layer to communicate with the field equipment, to realize automated data collection or even intelligent collection as well as reverse control via networks and various interfaces. Business execution layer Through the enterprise data bus, the production system works together with the Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management system (PLM), Customer Relationship Management system (CRM), and Quality Management System (QMS) to enable collaborative management of the entire production process. Operation management layer After layers of data collection, processing, storage, analysis, and utilization, it can finally provide data foundation for the business decision layer (data middle office). The business decision layer effectively integrates the existing data in the enterprise, and comprehensively displays and analyzes lean production data and smart supply chain data, which can be used to guide production and supply chain management and support enterprise business decisions. Business decision layerIn 2023, our information middle office made significant strides in data asset closed-loop management, categorizing high- frequency usage indicators, and enhancing data quality. Concurrently, the business middle office spearheaded innovation in the digital terminal product sales model, bolstered the overall capabilities of the settlement center, and improved after- sales and customer service processing capabilities, resulting in heightened service efficiency. Feihe is implementing full-process automation control in production, effectively establishing an information-based and digitalized management mode for product quality control, thereby enhancing production efficiency. Throughout the reporting period, the Company has successfully implemented MES17 in seven major factories including Kedong, Gannan, Longjiang, Qiqihar, and Harbin. This enables full-process management from raw material receiving to finished product warehousing, ensuring automated control throughout the production process. These advancements contribute to improved production efficiency and ensure the stability of product quality. The 3 2 2 strategy refers to our core capabilities in digital factory intelligent manufacturing, ERP-based business system construction, and the digitized and intelligent unified office platform. Through the business middle office and information middle office, the Company achieved vertical and horizontal integration among various systems, covering the entire business process with big data and algorithm applications. HMI Human Machine Interface a medium for interaction and information exchange between the system and users, converting information from internal form to a form that humans can accept. LIMS Laboratory Information Management System, an information management system that combines database-centric information technology with laboratory management requirements. WMS Warehouse Management System, a real-time computer software system that efficiently manages information, resources, behaviors, inventory, and distribution operations according to operational rules and algorithms, thereby improving efficiency. As of December 31, 2023, our breast milk database has amassed over 2, 300 samples and has conducted tests on over 9, 800 active components, including proteins, lipids, oligosaccharides, metabolites, ions, peptides, flavor substances, and exosomes, positioning us as leaders in terms of component variety within the industry. Simultaneously, the Company has achieved significant milestones in breast milk testing technology, developing 17 testing methods capable of detecting 579 nutritional indicators. This technological advancement provides a more precise and scientifically sound basis for the development and production of infant formula. By adhering to Feihe's methodology, breast milk testing now requires only 11. 6 milliliters of samples, significantly enhancing sample utilization efficiency compared to the industry's typical requirement of over 100 milliliters. In 2023, Feihe conducted extensive research on various aspects of breast milk, including casein phosphopeptides, flavor substances, mineral patterns, and vitamins specific to Chinese breast milk. This research culminated in the publication of 5 related SCI papers and the filing of 4 invention patents. This program aimed to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the active nutritional components found in breast milk that are associated with brain and neurodevelopmental psychology. The goal was to establish a solid foundation for the development of infant milk powder formulas tailored to meet the requirements of infant physical and brain development. In October 2023, Feihe intensified its focus on brain development and nutrition research, making it the core of its research and development innovation efforts. Leveraging scientific research platforms, the Company embarked on a brain development strategy aimed at systematically studying key nutritional components crucial for brain development. Additionally, we participated in writing and publishing the scientific review Evidence of Early Life Brain Development and Nutrition Science in the First 1, 000 Days of Life. This publication comprehensively elaborates on the scientific evidence pertaining to nutritional substances essential for brain and neural development during early life. It offers a thorough overview of the process of early life brain development, the corresponding functional milestones, and the significant influencing factors involved. Feihe initiates brain development research ProgramOur breast milk database has amassed over samples 2, 300As of December 31, 2023Feihe adheres to the recommendations of the World Health Organization and UNICEF, with a particular emphasis on advancing breast milk research. Through our independent research initiatives and thorough data analysis, we aim to gain a comprehensive understanding of the characteristics and distinctions of Chinese breast milk, providing a theoretical basis for product formulation design. Feihe conducts clinical feeding trials In 2023, we launched a clinical research project titled Feihe Cognitive Formula Stage 1 and Stage 2 Infant Formula Double- Blind, Randomized, Controlled Clinical Study, which was effectively completed within the year. This study involved the recruitment of 330 volunteers to partake in feeding trials, aimed at assessing the impact of Feihe's cognitive formula infant formula, enriched with components such as phospholipids polyunsaturated fatty acids, on infant cognitive abilities. The evaluation outcomes revealed that infants in the cognitive formula group exhibited superior cognitive performance compared to those in the control group, approaching levels observed in breastfeeding scenarios. These findings offer compelling scientific evidence in support of our product development endeavors. This study involved the recruitment of volunteers to partake in feeding trials 330In 2023 25 Cross-sectional sample Refers to a sample of breastmilk collected from the same lactating mother once during the lactation period. Queue sample Refers to multiple milk samples collected from the same l actating mother during the lactation period. Our aim is to empower users to explore healthier lifestyle choices. As part of our commitment to advancing national nutritional initiatives, we actively engage in research aimed at reducing sugar, fat, and sodium, and enhancing nutrient content to minimize the need for artificial additives. Feihe develops special medical use formula foods We have completed the research and development of 10 special medical use formula foods targeting specific life cycles and physiological states where nutritional needs vary. For premature or low birth weight infants, we have strengthened the protein energy ratio, added medium-chain fatty acids, reduced the proportion of lactose in carbohydrates, and fortified vitamins A, D, iron, zinc, and polyunsaturated fatty acids. This helps premature infants maintain nutritional and metabolic balance, aiding in rapid catch-up growth. For infants with milk protein allergies, we have developed special medical use amino acid formulas to help babies quickly alleviate milk protein allergy symptoms, promote growth and development, and reduce the risk of allergies during growth. For children and adults with malnutrition, we have developed comprehensive nutritional foods, fortified with energy, protein, vitamins, minerals, and other nu - trients, to provide comprehensive nutrition needed for full recovery after illness. Vitamin World nutritional packs for men and women of different age groupsFIRMUS chewable milk powder cheeseAiben premium middle- aged and elderly formula milk powder Vitamin World offers gen- der-specific nutritional packs tailored for different age groups. Each pack contains over 40 essential nutrients carefully formulat- ed to precisely supplement the specific nutritional needs of each age group. These packs are suitable for indi- viduals who prioritize dietary nutrition, especially those with inadequate intake of vi- tamins and minerals. We have also developed the FIRMUS Children's Formula Liquid Milk, fortified with vitamins A, D, E, as well as calcium, iron, zinc, and other essential nu- trients, aiming to supplement children's daily nutrition, ensuring they receive an adequate in - take of nutrients. Aiben high-end formula milk powder focuses on low glycemic index (GI) as its core concept. The product is designed from a nutritional health perspective, adhering to the principles of 0 added sugar, 0 preservatives, 0 artificial colors, and so on. The research and developmen special medical use formula foods targeting specific life cycles 10We have completed Feihe develops various nutrient ingredient preparation technologies We independently developed and overcame the technical challenges of osteopontin (OPN) extraction, establishing a pilot line for bone bridge protein extraction, with the purity of the trial product reaching over 50. We collaborated with units such as the national alliance for dairy sci-tech innovation to jointly formulate the Determination of OPN in Infant Food and Dairy Products by High-Performance Liquid Chromatography group standard. This solved the problem of the lack of detection methods for OPN in dairy products and infant formula foods. The technology has been successfully implemented in the Feihe Super-Premium Astrobaby Zhuoyao product line. This addressed the core ingredient challenges of infant formula, including core whey powder, lactoferrin, and OPN. Feihe conducts infant and child body constitution classification research We successfully finished the Chinese Infant and Child Body Constitution Classification Research Project in 2023, in collaboration with Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. For the first time, this initiative linked traditional Chinese medicine constitutional theory with paediatric nutrition, categorizing infants and toddlers aged 0 to 3 into different constitutional types and providing tailored nutritional recommendations. This study established a theoretical framework for personalized and customized nutrition. The study resulted in two scientific research publications in SCI journals, three articles in Chinese core journals, a copyright for constitution recognition software, and two books. Scientific research publications in SCI journals 2In 2023We have applied for invention patents for this technology 12 Patents already granted 6 Deeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field54 55 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe is deeply invested in the development of organic products, offering a range of high-quality options to address nutritional needs more scientifically. For instance, our focus on researching and utilizing specialty fresh corn varieties, along with the application of specialty soybean trait enhancement technologies, has yielded significant results. This includes the development of eight new corn varieties, two sets of fresh corn cultivation technologies, three high-quality forage varieties, and other notable achievements. Additionally, we have introduced organic milk powder products such as the Super-Premium Organic Zhenzhi infant formula, Zhenzhi organic children's formula, and Organic Chunrui infant formula, all of which have received organic food certifications. This initiative aims to reduce food waste while simultaneously catering to the diverse dietary preferences of our customers. Notably, over 89 of our R&D staff hold postgraduate degrees, including 8 individuals with PhDs. Many team members have gained valuable insights from their experiences studying and working overseas. This high-caliber R&D team is integral to Feihe's efforts in technological innovation, providing a solid foundation for the Company's long-term growth. In 2023, Feihe's total investment in research amounted to RMB 0. 61billion, covering a wide spectrum of areas including basic research, product innovation R&D, resource assurance for R&D, as well as the development of infant formula products, specialty medical products, children's products, and adult nutrition products. This significant investment underscores our unwavering commitment to driving innovation and excellence across all aspects of our operations. These measures outline the management, usage, and protection of our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property. We prioritize the protection of our intellectual property rights while maintaining a zero-tolerance stance towards infringement of others' rights. Through demand research, database selection and learning, custom field setting, and system construction, we successfully integrated over 700 publicly available patents, forming over 1, 000 data tags. This initiative laid a solid foundation for the exploration and expansion of the value of patents. Innovation Capability Intellectual Property Protection Feihe's Patents in 2023Feihe places a strong emphasis on technological research and development (R&D) to enhance its independent innovation capability and drive innovative and high-quality development. Children's snack products packagingDairy products packagingVitamin World products packaging The Zhuoran Chew Milk Pow- der Cheese series adopts a unique independent mini packaging bag packaging design, ensuring freshness even after opening. Lady iron calcium rich milk powder and gold zinc rich multivitamin student milk powder are packaged in 25g specifications. Vitamin World Men's and women's Age Nutrition Packaging are composed of white cardboard outer boxes and paper-aluminum inner bags, ensuring convenient supplementation of daily required nutrients. Vitamin World x Feihe joint lactoferrin children's modulated milk powder continues to use 3g pack mini packaging, ensuring children's daily intake of lactoferrin. Obtained New Corn Varieties 8Fresh Corn Cultivation Techniques 2High Quality Forage Species 3 Deeply Engaged in the Nutrition Field56 57 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe actively promotes external cooperation, enhancing the integration of industry, academia, and research to establish a unified research platform. This approach allows us to leverage and integrate scientific research strengths, fostering an environment conducive to innovation. This initiative is designed to create an internationally leading platform for neuroscience research. Feihe brain development research exchange event Feihe conducts trademark knowledge training In December, 2023, Feihe invited a former national examiner to conduct a trademark basic knowledge training session. The training focused mainly on the basic rules of trademark examination, avoidance of prohibited trademarks, and proper use of trademarks, accompanied by case studies for analysis. Feihe Trademark knowledge training session site Feihe's commitment to technological innovation has been recognized by the China Dairy Industry Association, which honored us with the title of China Dairy Industry Technological Innovation Model Enterprise. Moreover, we were awarded the second prize for technological advancement by the association and the China National Committee of the International Dairy Federation for our project titled Application of Membrane Sterilization and Aseptic Addition Technology in Active Lactoferrin Enriched Ambient Temperature Milk. These accolades underscore Feihe's leadership in technological innovation within the dairy products industry. Leveraging the distinctive technology of Jiangnan University's academic team, Feihe has initiated the Chinese Infant Gut Microbiota Atlas Project to gain in-depth insights into the composition and functions of infant gut microbiota. The aim is to research the application of Chinese infant-derived probiotics in infant formula products. Feihe's collaboration with Shanghai Jiao Tong University Feihe leverages the stem cell research expertise of Shanghai Jiao Tong University to establish a developmental platform for organoids. By simulating human-like organs such as the infant's small intestine and brain, we conduct research on the absorption, metabolism, and nutritional effects of infant formula milk powder. This research aims to identify effective components found in breast milk, leading to the creation of formula milk powder that closely mimics the nutritional composition of breast milk. Feihe leverages the stem cell research expertise of Shanghai Jiao Tong University to establish a platform for the development of Feihe-like organs. By simulating human-like organs such as infant intestines and brains, we conduct research on the differences in absorption, metabolism, and nutritional effects of infant formula milk, discovering effective components in breast milk and creating formula milk that is closer to the composition of breast milk. Feihe and Northeast Agricultural University conducted collaboration Feihe and Northeast Agricultural University are collaborating to research key technologies in milk-based ingredient production. This collaboration aims to address the bottleneck issue of major nutritional ingredients in infant formula milk in China, including lactoferrin and whey products. During the reporting period, the Company organized a total of 11 intellectual property training sessions, with a cumulative duration of 30 hours, and attracted more than 700 participants. Through comprehensive background checks on all employees, we ensure the elimination of any form of child labor and the prevention of forced labor. In the event of any such occurrences, we take immediate and serious action in accordance with the law, and if necessary, involve judicial authorities for accountability. Our recruitment policies prioritize transparency and fairness, providing equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination based on gender, ethnicity, region, religious beliefs, or cultural background. Our aim is to cultivate a workplace environment that is harmonious and inclusive for all. Through equitable negotiation between the Company and the trade union, we have established collective contracts to safeguard employees' legal rights and foster harmonious labor relations. During the reporting period, the coverage rate of the Collective Contract of Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co., Ltd. reached 100. During the reporting period Composition of Full-time Employees in 202327 (Unit Person)The Rights and In- terests of EmployeesWe strictly abide by the Labour Law of the People's Re - public of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, the Special Provisions on Labour Pro - tection of Female Workers, the Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to the place of operation Our human resources management framework encom- passes 16 comprehensive policies and measures that address employee relations, recruitment, training, per- formance evaluation, remuneration, and benefits. These policies and measures are designed to ensure the full protection of our employees' legal rights and interests. Employees by gender Male employees Female employees2, 948 3, 863 6, 811 Full-time employees Part-time employeesEmployees by type Turnover of employees in the Chinese mainlandTurnover of employees aged below 30Turnover of employees aged 30 - 50Turnover of employees aged above 50Turnover of male employeesTurnover of female employees Employees overseas Employees in Hong Kong Employees holding master's degree or above Employees holding bachelor's degree Employees holding associate degree Employees holding a high school diploma or below Employees in Chinese mainland Turnover by gender 22. 44 21. 88 35. 79 15. 26 13. 10 22. 20 Turnover by age Turnover by regionTurnover Rate in 2023 (Unit ) Employees aged below 30 Employees aged 30 - 50 Employees aged above 504, 324168 2, 319Employees by age Employees by region 2, 9931, 281 2, 307230Employees by edu-cation background Improving Employee Welfare61 Total employees 7, 165 person6, 811350 4 The coverage rate of the Collective Contract of Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Co., Ltd. reached 100 27 The number of employees by gender, employment type, age and education does not include the number of overseas and Hong Kong employees of Feihe. In 2023, we conducted in-depth analyses of talent profiles and market dynamics, aligning our recruitment efforts with evolving business needs. We vigorously pursued talent acquisition activities, successfully onboarding 65 key position talents and 10 mid-to-high-end talents. Our recruitment processes incorporate stringent and professional screening standards to support the Company's digital development strategy. Emphasis is placed not only on candidates' qualifications but also on their alignment with Feihe's organizational culture, ensuring a seamless fit and long-term contribution to our digital transformation endeavors. Additionally, we actively participated in campus recruitment activities, tailoring our approach to match job requirements with the strengths of different universities. Utilizing comprehensive assessment methods such as evaluations, structured interviews, leaderless group discussions, and case analyses, we aim to enhance assessment accuracy and ensure optimal alignment between campus recruits and the Company's needs. In 2023, Feihe conducted campus recruitment activities, precisely matching needs with universities. Through seminars, job fairs, and other forms, we visited universities such as China Agricultural University, Northeast Agricultural University, and University of International Business and Economics, attracting student attention and receiving resumes. During the reporting period, Feihe hired 140 recent graduates through campus recruitment. Our approach involves implementing a dif- ferentiated compensation structure tailored to employees' job roles within our comprehensive compensation and performance management sys - tem. This includes clearly delineating the proportions of fixed and varia- ble income components. Through a dynamic and periodic performance evaluation system, we closely tie employee compensation to performance outcomes to enhance work motivation. Every year, we conduct industry salary surveys to gauge the compensation levels for various positions in the industry, ensuring that our employee compensation remains competi - tive externally. Our performance management practices are intricately linked with annual strategic goals, ensuring alignment between departmental and individ- ual objectives with the Company's overarching strategic objectives. This approach not only effectively motivates internal dynamics within the organization but also facilitates continuous improvement in employees' personal abilities and qualities. Ultimately, it provides robust talent support for Feihe's long-term development. Remuneration and PerformanceEmployee Develop - mentFeihe prioritizes the career development needs of our employees and consistently enhances our remuneration and performance system to nurture talent pipelines. Performance EvaluationOrganizational performance assessment is conducted on a quarterly basis using a combined approach of evaluation plus assessment. The primary focus is on performance goal assessment, supplemented by evaluating the per - formance of responsibilities not covered by core indicators, and contributions beyond duties (such as the completion of significant projects). Results ApplicationThe performance results are refected in the current remunera-tion, as well as value allocation considerations, including medium and long-term stock incen - tives, grade adjustment, remuneration adjustment, training, merit evaluation, etc. Comprehensive examination Internal referralRefusal of employee's relatives Internal priority Suitable jobsEqual opportunity Fair competition and recruit on a selective basisFeihe's Seven Principles in talent recruitment Improving Employee Welfare64 65 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe performance assessment system Corporate StrategyStrategy BreakdownStrategy Breakdown Objective SupportObjective SupportOrganizational Performance ManagemenIndividual Performance Management Corporate Mission Vision Corporate Strategic Objectives Sub Strategy 1Sub Strategy 2Sub Strategy 3Process Manage- ment Perfor- mance Evalua- tionobjective Manage- ment Results Applica - tionObjective Management Performance EvaluationProcess Management Results Application In 2023, in our ongoing effort to boost employee enthusiasm and creativity, we embraced the principle of sharing, creating together, sharing responsibilities, and achieving mutual success. We revamped our income distribution mechanism by introducing a Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) plan. This long-term incentive tool is designed to benefit employees at various levels and positions within the Company. Feihe's employee incentive system Incentives Material incentive Cash Wage Performance Bonus Long-term incentive OthersGrowth, achievement and signifcanceSense of belonging, honor, and recognitionNon-cashSpiritual motivationTo uphold fairness, impartiality, and transparency within our internal competitive framework, Feihe has implemented a promotion mechanism grounded in qualification standards. At the same time, we have refined the evaluation criteria for qualification at each level, placing significant emphasis on pressure response, value contribution, and developability when assessing candidates for promotion. During the reporting period, we promoted 31 people to the manager level and above. of middle-level managers and above in functional departments at the headquarters were promoted and transferred to different positions; 24 of business department managers and above were newly promoted. Valuing performance and output Comprehensively evaluate the personnel structure at all levels of departments and adjust the proportion of outsiders and internal talents according to the structure and business needs. Promoting internal talents and outsiders Encourage the adoption of a zigzag growth path, which involves vertical development leading to horizontal development before returning to vertical development, gradually achieving promotion after job rotation. Job transfer through promotion Comprehensively assess employees' performance and ability on the basic job qualification and promote and demote them. Promotion and demotion In principle, employees are promoted in sequential order. However, employees making contributions or possessing excellence and capability can be promoted across the rankings. In addition, we offer employees more accessible and efficient learning opportunities and resources through the online training platform Shining Star Feihe Academy. This platform provides personalized learning plans and recommendations tailored to employees at different hierarchical levels, granting access to over 1, 400 internal knowledge courses and over 1, 700 external knowledge courses. Employee Training Feihe 3 2 4 employee training system Three-tier Leadership Devel- opment System Management and control A goal Two roles Brand-building Employee development advisor For Management Level-1 trainingFor Professionals General skillsBusiness partner Three-stage, Two-tier Profes- sional Development System Tailored for senior, mid-level, and frontline managers, this system operates across three stages - succession planning, incumbent leadership, and new leadership. It aims to cul- tivate talents in business man- agement for the enterprise. It includes company-level and depart- ment-level components to devel- op professional technical talents for the enterprise. Establishing a training guality control and e ect assessment mechanism andap- plying training evaluation results such as course development and teaching Connecting to employer brand-building; creating an atmo- sphere with the help of new mediaOnline learning resources; online training managementSupport Constructing and empowering a training team, building a publicity platform for training, designing- competition mechanisms, and organising competitionsTwo-level manage- ment Four guaranteeThree skills improvedPool talents sharing the samevision at all levels, and build a powerful organization In-house experi- ence sharing External workplace trainingNewcomer' straining Platform construction Selecting external cooperative institutions; developing internal coursesThe system standardises thelearn- ing, and the process upgrades e ciencySystem and process Enriching resources In 2023, the Company conducted targeted training related to professional capabilities based on the systematic division of three major work areas. The training programs and performance are as follows Management training The Man- agement Training Program (MTP) was conducted for a total of 12 sessions with 480 participants; Quarterly themed trainings on Secrets of Growth and Lean Practices for Production Manag - ers were conducted, with a total of 150 participants. Management training Eight courses were held with 303 par - ticipants. Professional training In total of 11 offline marketing professional trainings were conducted, with 713 participants, and 7 online live courses were held with 4, 974 participants, achieving a course completion rate of 96. 38. Young Talent Pipeline Train- ing Covered 25 reserve per- sonnel in the talent pool, with a total of 313 learning hours com- pleted. FBIF Innovation Food Forum event Managers learn a scientifically effective management lan- guage and method tool sys- tem Achieve team growth together Promotes managers to design organizations from a customer- centric perspective Scene from FBIF Innovation Food Forum event Improving Employee Welfare68 69 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In March 2023, to effectively consolidate organizational wisdom and promote efficient collaborative information sharing, Feihe conducted the Fresh Harvest of Active Nutritional Knowledge live online course. The lecture covered departments such as production, marketing, and func - tions, with over 1, 500 participants. Training scene for Feihe's Great Experience and Insights' Training scene for From Service to Enjoyment - Achieving Win-Win In 2023, Feihe launched several talent reserve projects, including the Youth Talent Pool, the Elite Regional Manager Training Camp for the Marketing System, the Talent Pool for Production System Managers Deputy Managers, and the Gold Bull Project for the Livestock System. These initiatives are geared towards enhancing practical work capabilities by assigning challenging tasks such as project implementation and job rotations to participants. Feihe also actively monitors talent performance, key performance contributions, and other indicators to facilitate rapid growth and strengthen our talent reserve. Functional Young Talent Pool Expansion Team Building ProjectTalent Pool Project Management Practical Methods Training Production MTP Management Efficiency Improvement Project Closing Ceremony Training for Full-time Employees in 202329 Training Percentage ( ) Average Training Hours per Employee Employee rained by gender Male 100 53. 10 Female 100 53. 10 Employee rained by type Senior management 100 25. 60 Middle management 100 75. 60 Engry-level employee 100 58. 20In 2023 Employees in Feihe received a total of training opportunities 6, 811 person Training coverage 100 Were trained for in total 361, 664 hours On average 53 hours 29 Employee training data does not include training data for overseas and Hon g Kong employees of Feihe. In 2023, we updated management measures such as the Environmental Protection, Health and Safety Incident Accident Reporting and Investigation Procedures, the Risk Identification, Risk Assessment, and Control Measures Determination Proce - dures, and the Temporary High-Risk Operation Management System. These updates enhanced safety incident risk assessment methods and temporary high-risk work management processes. Additionally, we implemented new management measures such as the Labor Protection Articles Management System. We have also intensified safety manage- ment responsibilities and awareness among all employees by requiring annual safety responsibility agreements to be signed by all staff. During the reporting period, six of our eight factories obtained ISO 45001 occupational health and safety certification, and we invested RMB 3. 3736 million in safety production. The lost time injury rate per million work hours (LTIFr) was calculated at 0. 66, and no fatal accidents occurred. Additionally, all employees in positions with potential occupational hazards underwent occupational health examinations, achieving a 100 coverage rate. Safety Management System Indicator Target Value Actual Achievement Serious injury and fatality rate 0 0 Safety education coverage rate 100 100 Safety hazard rectification rate 100 100 LTIFr301. 1 0. 66 Timely pre-post-employment and post-employment health examination rate 100 100 Occupational disease suspected occupational disease detection 0 0 Occupational Health at Feihe31 Indicator Unit 2021 2022 2023 Number of work-related fatalities Person 0 0 0 Rate of work-related fatalities 0 0 0 Number of working days lost due to work-related injury Day 646 64 356. 5Health and SafetyFeihe regards health and safety as a top priority in business management. During the reporting period Factories obtained ISO 45001 occu- pational health and safety certification 6 Invested RMB in safety production 3. 3736 million In 2023, Feihe successfully achieved the following safety and health management goals as planned Based on the ISO Plan-Do-Check-Act (PDCA) method and in compliance with national laws and regulations concerning occupational health and safety, Feihe has established a robust dual prevention mechanism. This mechanism encompasses risk grading and control, as well as hidden danger investigation and management practices. This system includes daily safety patrols, weekly on-site inspections conducted by departments, and monthly factory-level inspections led by the plant manager. Additionally, prior to each extended holiday period, we conduct comprehensive safety risk assessments covering various aspects such as the utilization of personal protective equipment, fire safety, and temporary electrical safety. In accordance with national laws and regulations and industry standards, Feihe has established the Responsibility System for Prevention and Control of Occupational Hazards, the Feihe Dairy Safe and Civilized Construction Management Measures, and other internal management standards. Prior to high-risk operations, we conduct advance risk predictions and verify on-site operational norms to minimize production risks and safeguard employee safety. Adopting a proactive management approach, we conduct annual risk identification and assessments. Over 150 employees participate in this activity annually. For extreme weather conditions, we issue alerts to remind employees to prioritize travel safety, arrange work schedules sensibly, and make necessary preparations. During the reporting period, the coverage rate of annual employee physical examinations reached 100. Dual Prevention Mechanism Workplace Safety Management During the reporting period The coverage rate of annual employee physical examinations reached 100 30 LTIFr Lost time injury frequency rate. Fire Control Day Activities Occupational health-related data does not include data on Feihe employees in overseas and Hong Kong regions. In 2023, the average safety training hours per employee at Feihe totaled eight hours, with a safety training coverage rate of 100. Enhancing Safety Awareness The average safety training hours per employee at Feihe totaled 8 hours With a safety training coverage rate of 100 In 2023Safety Month Activities Emergency DrillOccupational Health Week Activities Improving Employee Welfare74 75 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe established the Love Foundation in 2003 and organizes warmth-giving activities annually to care for and assist employees facing economic difficulties, such as those with a per capita income below the local minimum remuneration level, immediate family members suffering from serious illnesses, or those affected by major disasters. In 2023, Feihe assisted a total of 6 families of employees in need, providing them with consolation funds totaling over RMB 200, 000. As of December 31, 2023, Feihe has assisted over 500 employees, disbursing over RMB 15 million in gift consolation funds. Feihe organizes various employee care activities imbued with corporate characteristics, actively fostering a warm and harmonious working environment. For female employees, Feihe has established Baby Care Rooms in the office area for their use. Additionally, every year on International Women's Day (March 8), Feihe organizes themed activities to care for the physical and mental health of female employees. In 2023, we held the Marching Together, Embracing Spring themed Women's Day event, with interactive activities both online and offline, offering exquisite and abundant prizes to show care and joy to female employees. Over 1, 200 people participated in the event. Caring for Employees Feihe Mid-Autumn Festival Event Feihe Movie Night Feihe Sports Competition Marching Together, Embracing Spring themed Women's Day eventCaring for EmployeesFeihe prioritizes the well-being of its employees, actively organizing a diverse range of enriching activities and providing effective assistance to employees in need, demonstrating its commitment to corporate humanitarian care. Additionally, the Company maintains open communication channels with its employees, ensuring timely responsiveness to their voices and enhancing their sense of identification and belonging with Feihe. An open and effective communication mechanism serves as the foundation for ensuring employees' equal participation in decision-making and management processes. Feihe is dedicated to facilitating internal information flow, ensuring employees' rights to know, participate, express, and supervise, thereby enhancing their cohesion and sense of belonging. Upon receiving feedback, we conduct prompt situation assessments and provide initial responses within 24 hours, with final responses for complex issues delivered within 3 days. During the reporting period, we successfully resolved feedback from 21 employees. In 2023, we regularly convened company-wide staff meetings to review completed work, plan the direction of future projects, and commend outstanding teams and employees. Additionally, for systems and management methods affecting employee interests, we organized periodic meetings to gather feedback from employee representatives. The average satisfaction score was 4. 3 out of 5 points, indicating positive organizational culture and employee engagement levels. The assessment results indicated positive organizational culture and employee engagement levels. Furthermore, the survey highlighted areas for improvement in Recognition and Praise in the Past 7 Days. In response, we conducted an Effective Motivation course to enhance managers' awareness and skills in motivating employees. Employee EngagementNon-monetary Benefits for Feihe Employees Love Foundation Major illness assistance Charity support Holiday gifts, welfare products for internal purchaseWeight loss competition Annual comprehensive health check-upPension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, occupational injury insurance, maternity insurance, Commercial insurance Housing provident fundWelfare and CareHealth AssuranceInsurance coveragePre-employment health check Onboarding trainingHoliday events and themed activities Sports competitions Movie screeningsMaternity leave, paternity leave, etc. Baby care room Maternity formula welfareOnboarding CareEnriched LifeMaternity Support Employee Feedback Resolution Rate 100 During the reporting period 32 Gallup Q12 assessment method is designed to measure employee engagement and work environment as leading indicators, reflecting indicators such as employee retention, profitability, efficiency, and customer satisfaction. Data collected was based on domestic businesses in the People's Republic of China. After adjustment, we traced and updated some of the data for 2021 and 2022. 3. Comprehensive energy consumption calculations are based on the General Principles for Calculation of Total Production Energy Consumption GB T 2589-2008, which refers to the usage of fuel oil, diesel, natural gas, electricity, steam, coal and water. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages, and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission. Scope I emissions include emissions from fossil fuel combustion and Scope II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Notes on the statistical method In 2023, the environmental data disclosed by Feihe came from eight factories, namely, Heilongjiang Feihe Dairy Products Co., Ltd, Gannan Factory, Longjiang Factory, Jilin Factory, Baiquan Factory, Tailai Factory, Shanxi Factory and Harbin Factory, with Harbin Factory being the newly added statistical unit. Due to the expansion of the statistical scope, some data showed a certain year-on-year increase. Calculation method For the conversion of air pollutants, reference is made to the calculation formula in the Emission Coefficient and Material Calculation Methods for Industries Not Included in the Emission Permit Management (For Trial Implementation) issued by the Ministry of Environment Protection of the PRC. Combined energy consumption is calculated according to the General Principles for Calculation of Combined Energy Consumption (GB T25892008) based on the consumption of energy sources including coal, diesel, natural gas, electricity and externally purchased thermal power. GHG emissions are calculated according to the Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting for Food, Tobacco, Wine, Beverages, and Refined Teas Enterprises (For Trial Implementation) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, where Category I emissions include emissions from fossil fuels combustion and emissions from wastewater treatment and Category II emissions include those attributable to externally purchased electricity and thermal power. Regulatory agencies are con - tinually refining carbon emission management mechanisms and is- suing relevant policies, which place higher demands on the accuracy of environmental data disclosure reported by enterprises. Market risk With the widespread adoption of sustainable development con- cepts, customers and consumers are increasingly inclined to invest in enterprises that practice environ- mental protection and choose green, low-carbon products. Tech- nology risk Transitioning to a low-emission, high-efficiency economic system through technological improve - ments or innovations may lead to a gradual decline in production efficiency within the reporting pe - riod for enterprises. Climate ChangeFeihe recognizes the extensive impact of climate change on business operations and has systematically conducted climate change risk identification and response efforts. We are dedi- cated to collaborating with the entire industry chain to reduce carbon emissions and contribute to the national goals of peaking carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and achieving carbon neutral- ity by 2060, thereby contributing to the dairy industry's endeav- ors. Feihe focuses on addressing climate risks in two main aspects transformation risks and physical risks encountered in its operations. Feihe has completed initial identification and response efforts for climate risks and intends to further evaluate the impact of these risks in the next phase, integrating response measures into a systematic plan. Climate Change Risk Identification and Response Physical riskAcute physical risk Extreme weather conditions such as typhoons, floods, and heavy rainfall threaten the water environment, stimulate cows, damage production equipment, disrupt production processes, and impact various stages of production manufacturing. Chronic physical risk Global climate warming affects the product quality of fresh milk products, posing potential food safety risks. Indicators and Goals In addition, Feihe has formulated goals related to carbon neutrality, aiming to achieve Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 carbon neutrality by 2050. Feihe's Climate Risk Response Goals and MeasuresReduce greenhouse gas emissions Enhance natural disaster response Advance sustainabilityPromote clean energy sources, improve energy efficiency, and effectively reduce emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane. Feihe's emission reduction targets at various stages Stage 1 Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions ab- solute emissions reduced by over 10 (based on 2021 baseline year)Stage 2 Scope 1 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 30 (based on the 2021 baseline year) Scope 2 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 50 (based on the 2021 baseline year) Scope 3 Reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by over 15 (based on the 2021 baseline year)Stage 3 Achieve carbon neutrality in Scope 1, 2, and 3 202520302050 Scope 3 Ensure 100 green procurement of raw materials in Scope 3, and implement green management in production, logistics, recycling, and other processes Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions ab- solute emissions reduced by over 25 (based on 2021 baseline year) Building a Low-Carbon Future84 85 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe strictly comply with the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment and other laws and regulations. In 2023, Feihe updated and revised the Procedures for Reporting, and Investigation of Environment Protection, Health and Safety Accidents, and the Risk Identification, Risk Assessment, and Control Measures Determination Procedure, further enhancing environmental management compliance for relevant stakeholders. Feihe is firmly committed to upholding environmental management systems. Each year, we diligently enhance our environmental management system following the ISO 14001 environmental management model (PDCA). With a focus on our production processes, we regularly update and assess the significant environmental factors impacting each of our factories. This meticulous approach allows us to refine our environmental risk control measures and emergency plans continuously, ensuring a high standard of scientific and systematic management across all aspects of our EHS operations. As of December 31, 2023, 6 out of Feihe's 8 operational factories have obtained ISO 14001 environmental management system certification, while another factory has passed the external audit and is awaiting certificate issuance. Additionally, the Kedong Factory and Jilin Factory were newly recognized as national-level green factories within the current year. Feihe conducts an annual carbon emission audit in accordance with ISO 14067 Greenhouse gases - Carbon footprint of products - Requirements and guidelines. This process involves inspecting, calculating, and verifying carbon emission data for each manufacturing facility to produce greenhouse gas emission reports. Feihe's Application for Green Factory Certification National Green Factory Certification Kedong Factory, Jilin Factory Provincial Green Factory Certification Gannan FactoryEnvironment Protection System Certificate of Carbon Footprint for Feihe Milk Powder Zhuo Rui Stage 3 Feihe maintains a vigilant watch over the environmental impact of its manufacturing processes, project developments, and day-to-day operations. Utilizing a scientifically rigorous scoring methodology, we analyze environmental impacts, considering eight key aspects such as water, air, natural resources, and waste. In 2023, our total investment in environmental protection amounted to RMB 3. 5368 million, and we incurred no penalties for environmental infractions. Total investment in environmental protection amounted to RMB 3. 5368 million Feihe Environmental Management Objectives Reduce CO2 emissions per unit of output by 3 annuallyEmission Management Reduce hazardous waste per unit of output by 2 annually Achieve a recycling rate of over 80 for non-hazardous wasteWaste Management Attain a water reuse rate of 20 for production waterWater Efficiency ManagementDecrease energy consumption per 10, 000 yuan of output by 1. 5 annuallyEnergy Use ManagementFeihe continues to optimize its environmental management system and advance institutional construction. This ensures the practical im- plementation of environmental protection efforts. We are committed to gradually phasing out outdated equipment and processes that consume excessive energy and emit pollutants. Feihe actively promotes the adoption of clean energy and environmentally friendly equipment. Our approach includes extensive utilization of recyclable packaging materials and the promotion of refined resource and energy management practices. Through these efforts, we effectively implement energy conservation measures. Achievements of New Energy Applications in Feihe Factories in 2023 Tailai Factory generated a total of 1, 932. 87 MWh of electricity using solar photovoltaic. Approximately 2 MWh of electricity are saved daily, resulting in a total annual reduction of about 1, 500 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions. Kedong Factory utilized 5. 3169 million cubic meters of biomass biogas. Gannan Factory utilized 0. 3464 million cubic meters of biomass biogas. The total annual reduction in carbon dioxide emissions amounted to about 11, 116. 80 tonnes. Solar Photovoltaic Biomass Biogas Utilization of Energy Resources in Feihe's Production Processes in 2023 Recovery of condensate water produced by boilers, which is then used for steam generation after heat deoxygenation, resulting in water and heat energy savings. Recovery of 2nd and 3rd effect condensate water, treated through membrane processes, used for refrigeration and boiler replenishment, with daily water savings of nearly hundreds of tonnes. Recovery of residual heat from boiler flue gas for heating and boiler replenishment, expected to achieve a one-time temperature recovery of 20 C, resulting in an annual natural gas saving of 220, 400 cubic meters and operational cost savings of RMB 771, 400 per year. Steam condensate water Process condensate water Boiler flue gas heat Dry tower environment air heat Feihe's headquarters and its various factories continuously enhance management regulations concerning the consumption of resources such as water, electricity, natural gas, and gasoline. Utilizing specialized statistical ledgers and on-site management models, we implement scientific and meticulous resource utilization management. Additionally, through an assessment mechanism linking energy usage with departmental performance, every employee is incentivized to participate in energy conservation and emission reduction initiatives. This approach effectively eliminates all forms of energy wastage, leaks, and inefficiencies while implementing measures for water and electricity conservation. In early 2023, Feihe formulated an annual energy-saving and emission- reduction plan based on annual production planning and a review of past energy consumption losses. By the end of 2023, various factories had established a total of 25 special teams. These teams collectively achieved impressive results, including a reduction of 1, 236. 2 MWh in electricity consumption, savings of 75, 030 tonnes of water, and a decrease in natural gas usage by 413, 868 cubic meters. Notably, the Gannan Factory's tonne powder electricity consumption reduction team alone reduced power consumption by 1, 044 MWh, equivalent to a reduction of 811. 08 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions. In 2023, the Harbin Factory implemented the factory within factory model for procuring packaging materials, following the successful experiences of factories such as Gannan, Longjiang, Kedong, and Tailai. The Harbin factory collaborated with suppliers like COFCO and APTAR to set up packaging material production lines within the factory premises, thereby greatly reducing the transportation distance of packaging materials. In 2023, the Harbin Factory accumulated savings of 11, 425 kilometers in transportation distance, resulting in a reduction of approximately 9. 06 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions from transportation vehicles. Various factories had established a total of special teams 25 Reduction in electricity consumption 1, 236. 2 MWhSavings of 75, 030 tonnes Decrease in natural gas usage by 413, 868 cubic metersBy the end of 2023 Harbin Factory adopts factory within factory model to sig- nificantly reduce carbon emissions from transportation Building a Low-Carbon Future88 89 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe strictly abides by the Water Law of the People's Republic of China and consistently strengthens water conservation management across all stages of water sourcing, extraction, and utilization in production units. In our daily operations, we actively implement measures such as multiple uses, water recycling, and process adjustments to continually reduce water consumption per unit and enhance overall water resource efficiency. In 2023, Feihe's various factories vigorously implemented water-saving measures, with most factories establishing dedicated teams focused on reducing water consumption per tonne of product. Water Resources Management Highlights in Water Conservation Measures of Feihe's Factories Kedong Factory Tailai Factory Longjiang Factory Implemented improvements in cooling machine and air compressor cooling tower replenishment, by cutting off and sealing the outdoor cooling tower replenishment pipelines. In 2023, Feihe's Longjiang Factory implemented a series of measures to carry out water conservation projects. The factory upgraded facilities such as energy gas furnace sensors, pretreatment RO33 water pipelines, and softening water pipelines. They adjusted the pretreatment CIP34 parameters and evaporator acid cleaning flow rate and utilized first-stage concentrate water for cooling tower replenishment, achieving a comprehensive daily water savings of 173. 45 tonnes. Since the initiation of the water conservation project, Longjiang Factory has saved a total of 37, 291 tonnes of water during the reporting period. Significant progress in water conservation at Longjiang Factory Feihe maintains strict control over the construction vehicles employed in our project engineering endeavors, ensuring compliance with emission standards through rigorous tail gas testing and qualification certificate acquisition. We prioritize the adoption of electric-powered vehicles whenever feasible, aiming to curb automotive exhaust emissions at the source. Furthermore, our commitment extends to the regular maintenance and repair of construction equipment, such as cranes, and transport vehicles like concrete mixer trucks, to mitigate additional exhaust gas and particulate matter emissions resulting from overload work. Vehicle Management Feihe emphasizes the environmental benefits associated with product packaging within the social context. This approach enhances the utilization rate of packaging materials and minimizes packaging waste. Additionally, we prioritize the use of recyclable materials for primary packaging materials used on our production lines. In 2023, 96 of the packaging materials utilized in Feihe's production were recyclable. Packaging Recycling Feihe's Highlights of Optimizing Packaging Material Usage in 2023 Lightweighting of E-commerce packaging Non-dry adhesive label replacement Exploration of recyclable logistics box applicationClassified express paper boxes by specifications, reducing the thickness of small-sized boxes from 5 layers of corrugated paper to 3 layers. Utilized laser coding technology to print consumer QR codes on easy-to- tear milk powder can covers, reducing the thickness of double-layer non- dry adhesive labels used for printing QR codes to a single layer. RO Reverse Osmosis, which refers to a membrane filtration reverse osmosis water treatment system. Furthermore, Feihe installs energy-saving signage in office locations, implements a duty management system to monitor office electricity usage, and integrates energy-saving components into morning meetings and other events. These efforts actively cultivate a green mindset and office habits among employees. Feihe is dedicated to creating an environmentally responsible firm that values both practice and ideology. The Company's headquarters and various factories actively responded and combined local conditions, demonstrating subjective initiative by conducting environmental day activities in diverse forms such as environmental theme training, knowledge competitions, and more. In 2023, Feihe conducted a total of 14 sub-events during the environmental day series, involving 631 employees. Each of our factories is equipped with independent sewage treatment plants, connected to municipal sewage pipelines. In 2023, Feihe achieved a significant reduction of 28. 71 tonnes in Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD). We have implemented internal management systems such as the Solid Waste Discharge Procedure Document, following the prevention and control principles of reduction, recycling, and harmlessness. Our commitment ensures effective management of various types of waste in full compliance with regulations. Feihe establishes classified garbage collection bins and recycling procedures to appropriately handle general solid waste generated during production operations. Feihe places particular emphasis on the management of hazardous waste. This is achieved through the continuous improvement of manufacturing processes and the adoption of innovative technologies. Our unwavering commitment guarantees that all emissions are properly handled. The hazardous waste storehouse custodian of the storage and transportation supply department will sort and place the hazardous waste according to the labels, fill in the Hazardous Waste Entry and Exit Ledger before storing the waste. The EHS department conducts monthly on-site inspections of the ledger with the custodian of the hazardous waste depot of the storage and supply department to update the company-level hazardous waste list. Once the amount of recycled waste reaches a certain level, it is uniformly sent to the storage and transportation department's hazardous waste storage room. When the storage of hazardous waste reaches 80 of the storage capacity of the depot, the depot custodian submits the Hazardous Waste Transfer Plan Form to the EHS department and applies for hazardous waste transfer treatment. The EHS department will entrust a qualified third-party company to transport and dispose of the hazardous waste after the local environment protection bureau handles the hazardous waste disposal forms, and the solid waste will be treated harmlessly on a regular basis. Feihe strictly follows the laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Atmospheric Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the People's Republic of China, the Law of the People's Republic of China on Environmental Impact Assessment and complies with regional atmospheric emission standards. We have installed online monitoring equipment for gas boilers with a capacity of 20 tonnes or more, enabling automated sampling, analysis, and data upload to identify and control various waste gases emitted during production processes. This ongoing effort is aimed at bolstering our atmospheric pollution management practices company-wide. These monitoring reports provide unbiased and objective oversight of our waste gas emission practices. In 2023, Feihe maintained a clean record with no violations of emission standards. Waste Gas Management Feihe employs a comprehensive approach to managing dust control throughout its construction projects. Our dedicated site security personnel inspect anti-pollution coverings and ensure the cleanliness of construction vehicles, particularly those transporting soil, to prevent incidents of environmental pollution such as carrying mud onto roads. Through these proactive measures, Feihe minimizes the impact of dust in all construction areas, safeguarding the ecological environment beyond the con- struction scope. Dust ManagementFeihe is committed to effectively managing noise generated during construction and production activities to minimize its impact on the environment. We prioritize the use of low-noise construction equipment and incorporate noise reduction features into machinery whenever possible. In addition, we implement a dual-control approach, managing both the location and timing of construction operations with significant noise emissions. Our aim is to conduct noisy production activities within designated areas within our facil - ities to mitigate disturbances to the surrounding environment. In cases where continuous or nighttime operations are necessary, we implement pre-approved noise reduction measures and engage in proactive communication and coordination with local communities to maintain environ- mental harmony. Noise Management Fulfilling Social Responsibility94 95 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Fulfilling Social Responsibility06Feihe upholds its dedication to social responsibility by extending these principles to our suppliers. We prioritize the enhancement of supplier ESG management practices, ensuring that our supply chain operates in alignment with our values. Responsible Procurement Health Care Charity Activities Fulfilling Social Responsibility96 97 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Feihe has developed and continuously improved supplier management systems such as the Potential Supplier Management Process, the Basic Agreement Signing Process, and Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement. Responsible Procurement The Whole Process of Supplier Management The whole process of supplier management By the end of 2023, Feihe had a total of 162 suppliers, with 122 suppliers based in mainland China. We prioritize the strengthening of risk assessment and management processes for our suppliers while fostering improved communication and cooperation with them. Our aim is to cultivate a sustainable supply chain. Total of suppliers 162By the end of 2023Supplier WithdrawalAccording to the Supplier Performance Evaluation and Improvement System, Feihe incorporates a positive incentive mechanism for suppliers demonstrating good performance. Suppliers in need of improvement are encouraged to make necessary changes, with the possibility of initiating meetings and providing supervision and support as required. Subsequently, a dedicated supplier withdrawal team will be established to develop a phased-out plan following a comprehensive evaluation process. Supplier GradingFeihe has developed the Supplier Grading Management Process, which encompasses the establishment of supplier grading standards. We classify existing suppliers in our supplier list into three main categories strategic, core, and general suppliers. Each category receives differentiated management and guidance tailored to their respective importance and contribution to our operations. Monthly performance indicators encompass quality, delivery, and service metrics, while the annual assessment includes four components regular monthly performance, problem resolution (closure and reevaluation of issues), special audits (routine inspections, spot checks), and positive negative incident evaluations. Supplier AccessFeihe has implemented the Potential Supplier Management Process, which mandates suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements. Our approach involves conducting comprehensive surveys and analyses of potential suppliers, utilizing preliminary supplier questionnaires to assess factors such as reputation, supply risk, and willingness to cooperate. Overseas supplier 40Suppliers from the Chinese mainland 122Distribution of Feihe's suppliers in 2023 Ensuring a stable supply chain is one of Feihe's key focuses in supplier management. Supplier Risk Management Feihe Supplier Risk Management Measures Management approachManagement action Optimize supplier layout Adjust supply models in a timely manner to diversify and mitigate risks based on changes in the dairy product supply-demand market and international economic and political situations. Hydrolyzed egg yolk powder and OPO have been domestically produced and fully meet product requirements. Supplier resource integration Deeply participate in the operation and integration of upstream resources to optimize supply and increase profits. Supplier risk assessment Conduct annual supplier risk identification and assessment, including environmental risks, labor health and safety risks, and ethical risks. Supplier audit Establish a dedicated team to conduct supplier audits covering raw material quality, factory management, etc. Audit formats include field inspections, on-site visits, regular audits, etc. Supplier compliance management In 2023, the Company conducted 2 procurement compliance audits, covering procurement matters, bidding and quotation procedures, contract signing, acceptance, and payment, etc. Fulfilling Social Responsibility98 99 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report Main topics in the Supplier Code of Conduct Feihe places great importance on com- munication and training with our suppliers, conducting ongoing multi-level engag-ement through various activities, including high-level mutual visits and business exchanges. These interactions encompass discussions on topics such as product quality enhancement, supply chain mana-gement optimization, and ESG factory construction. Supplier communication and trainingFeihe is committed to strengthening supplier ESG management through various measures, including guidelines, regulations, and cooperative efforts. Additionally, the establishment of the Green Supply Chain Management Regulations further reinforces our commitment to sustainability, requiring suppliers to comply with standards related to sustainable cooperation, raw material production, data information transparency, recall management, and more. Feihe has integrated ESG management content into procurement management procedures, supplier management procedures, and other procurement process documentation, ensuring that sustainability considerations are embedded throughout our operations. Supplier ESG Management Environment Health and Safety Occupational disease prevention Safe and healthy working environmentLabor Rights Anti- discrimination Human rights guarantees Eliminate child labor Prohibit forced laborBusiness Ethics Anti-corruption Anti-unfair competition Anti-commercial bribery Gifts and hospitalityFeihe continues to focus on the needs of various social groups and actively leverages its influence with the belief of lighting up happiness with love. One of the highlights was the performance by the Tianjin Little Dolphin Hearing Disabled Children's Choir, who sang the parent-child duet Wake Up Your Ears, allowing the public to witness the miraculous life of these little dolphins stepping out of the silent world, thereby promoting social attention and support. On that day, the program's online viewership exceeded 100 million, making it the top-rated program on Hunan Television & Mango TV and ranking first on the variety influence chart. This contribution received high recognition and strong support from the Shigatse Municipal Committee and Government. During the event, Wang Dongyue, Executive Deputy Secretary of the Sangzhuzi District Committee and Executive Deputy District Chief of the Government, presented Feihe with the Compassionate Enterprise honorary plaque. Feihe donates milk powder to Shigatse District, Tibet In December 2023, we learned about Xinyu Charity Home in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, which provides free food and accommodation to impoverished families visiting for medical treatment. This charitable initiative garnered enthusiastic responses, with over 100, 000 netizens applauding Feihe's goodwill gesture. Donates supplies to Xinyu Charity Home with over netizens applauding Feihe's goodwill gesture 100, 000 Charitable initiative garnered enthusiastic responses 2023 12 10 Feihe Cares for Veterans Action Feihe has established public welfare institutions such as the Feihe Dairy Retired Military Personnel Service Center and the Feihe Dairy Retired Military Personnel Volunteer Service Corps to provide social care for veterans. In recent years, Feihe has successfully placed over 2, 000 retired military personnel (and their dependents), earning multiple honors including the Advanced Unit for Service Guarantee for Retired Military Personnel, National Cooperative Enterprise for the Employment of Retired Military Personnel awarded by the Ministry of Veterans Affairs and the Political Work Department of People's Republic of China Central Military Commission. Heilongjiang honorary veterans rehabilitation hospital donation ceremony Comforting scene for retired veteransCompliance with environmental laws and regulations Environmental management Resource conservation Waste management Fulfilling Social Responsibility100 101 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In response to significant natural disasters, Feihe has consistently demonstrated its commitment to social responsibility by developing comprehensive disaster emergency plans and promptly engaging in disaster relief efforts. Flood ReliefCharity ActivitiesFeihe adheres to the philanthropic philosophy of Doing one's best to give back to society, taking tangible steps to support rural revitalization, conduct social welfare activities, and foster educational development In 2023, Feihe donated goods and funds totaling approximately RMB 27 million. Upon receiving this news, Feihe immediately activated its emergency plan and urgently allocated infant formula and Aiben adult milk powder, swiftly transporting them to Zhuozhou. The supplies were then distributed in an orderly manner at the relocation sites, providing nutritional support to the children and adults in the disaster-stricken area. Feihe's assistance to the flood disaster in Zhuozhou In August 2023, multiple areas in Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province, including Shuangcheng District, Shangzhi City, and Wuchang City, were affected by severe flooding caused by the super Typhoon Khanun. Since the onset of the flood, Harbin branch has been following a unified arrangement to organize its employees to be stationed in Xiqin Township 24 hours a day. After the floodwaters receded, Feihe donated RMB 1. 5 million worth of supplies to Shuangcheng District, Shangzhi City, and Wuchang City in Heilongjiang Province to support post-disaster reconstruction efforts. Feihe Assists in flood relief and post-disaster reconstruction in Heilongjiang ProvinceZhuozhou flood rescue vehicle Shangzhi flood rescue vehicle Feihe places special emphasis on the advancement of education and is dedicated to supporting impoverished students in accessing high-quality education opportunities. We have joined hands with the Heilongjiang Provincial Department of Education to launch the Feihe Supporting Longjiang Education Charity Action and jointly implement the Heilongjiang Basic Education Teacher Elite Training Program (2023-2025) to enhance the quality of teachers in basic education. Through organizing the Feihe Cup provincial competition for the enhancement of primary and secondary school teachers' abilities, we promote training through competition and learning through training. We have also introduced renowned teachers from Beijing Normal University, East China Normal University, and other universities to conduct specialized training courses for seed teachers and principals. Feihe has invested more than RMB 65 million in this project for three consecutive years to support the improvement of the quality of teachers' abilities in the province's basic education system. Educational Charity Opening Ceremony of the Heilongjiang Basic Education Teacher Elite Training Program Workshop In July 2023, Feihe sponsored the first summer research and learning trip of the Excellent Teacher Programme for normal students, which began in Beijing. The event drew about 60 normal students from ten universities across the nation. The programme includes a variety of activities such as observation visits, subject discussions, teaching training, and research trips to Beijing, Daqing, and Qiqihar. Feihe supports the Excellent Teacher Program summer research and learning trip for normal students Excellent teacher program event site Fulfilling Social Responsibility102 103 CHINA FEIHE 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report In 2023, the Company launched a theme public welfare campaign titled the Return to Northeast China Series, highlighting our efforts in rural revitalization through real-life success stories of local workers and farmers. As of December 31, 2023, Feihe has cumulatively created 170, 000 job opportunities, boosted the income of 150, 000 farmers, and added value to over one million acres of farmland in Heilongjiang Province. Boosted the income of farmers 150, 000 Added value to over of farmland in Heilongjiang Province one million acresCumulatively created job opportunities 170, 000As of December 31, 2023We are committed to transforming the industry chain into a wealth-sharing chain to facilitate comprehensive rural development. Through the integration of agricultural and pastoral industry clusters, we have adopted a model that encompasses factory ranch cooperative farmers, aiming to stimulate rural employment and income growth through initiatives such as land transfer, job creation, and technical training. This approach aligns with our goal of fostering sustainable development and ensuring that Industries enrich the farmers, industries retain the population. Rural Rehabilitation 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE104 105INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX EnvironmentalAspect A1 EmissionsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) The policies; and (b) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and Generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. Note Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, Hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations. P78-P79 A1. 5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P82-P83 A1. 6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Note Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in buildings, electronic equipment, etc. P78-P79 A2. 3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P86-P90 A2. 4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. P88-P89 A2. 5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. P80-P93 Aspect A4 Climate ChangeGeneral Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate- related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. P80-P93 A4. 1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. P80-P93 Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Page Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Page SocialAspect B1 EmploymentGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. P61 Aspect B2 Health and SafetyGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards. P70-P73 B2. 1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years includ - ing the reporting year. P70 B2. 3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are imple- mented and monitored. P69 Aspect B4 Labour StandardsGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour. P96-P97 B5. 2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98 B5. 3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98 B5. 4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. P96-P98INDEX OF ESG INDICATORS OF THE HKEX 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report CHINA FEIHE106 SocialAspect B6 Product Re - sponsibilityGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress. P41 B6. 2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with. P32-P41 B6. 5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are imple - mented and monitored. P42-P45 Aspect B7 Anti-corrup - tionGeneral Disclosure Information on (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. P25 B7. 2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored. P24 Aspect B8 Community InvestmentGeneral DisclosurePolicies on community engagement to understand the needs of the commu - nities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the commu - nities' interests. P100-P102 B8. 2 Resources contributed (e. g. money or time) to the focus area. Which type of stakeholder do you belong to for Feihe? 