The biggest social responsibility for a technology company is to inspire people with smart technology and to create a more imaginative future, thus more people can benefit from our products and services. Dedicated employees as foun- dation and create the future together06. Compliance is the fundamental of our businessHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Report Overview01 02 ESG Milestones Obtained ISO certifications, such as ISO14001, ISO45001, and ISO27001. Chairman Wan Biao delivered a speech at a session titled Digital Economy for Social Good at the Bo'ao Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2022, explaining HONOR's effort to bridge the digital divide, improve product accessibility, and enable everyone to enjoy digital services equally. HONOR X30 Max series mobile phone running on Magic UI 5. 0 obtained TLC certification (standards for the elderly-friendly technology). The accessibility function of HONOR mobile phones was listed as 2022 Cases of Technology Accessibility Development Conference. The journal of China Association of Circular Economy included HONOR s green practice. CEO Zhao Ming delivered a speech at the 2022 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit, introduced our ESG progress, particularly the HONOR Talents program and our effort on green development. Our carbon emission will be reduced by 36 in 2035 against 2022. Voice Assistant YOYO provides 190 million times of smart services each month. Nearly 4 million users use Magic Text each month. We have obtained a series of international certification on privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO and ePrivacyseal. The ScreenReader benefits over 2. 9 million people each month. AI Subtitles benefits over 700 thousand people each month. In 2022, the privacy awareness training covered 100 employees. products have achieved Class A environment certification of China Quality Certification Centre (CQC) 98 packages of Magic Vs phones use non-plastic material. Environmental Privacy and Security2045 75 Capability 190 million 140 thousand All-around accessible service4million 2. 9 million 700 thousand5 Certification 100 1, 785 t 69, 435 t104 98 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 05 Key Data HONOR Talents Global Design Awards has attracted 13, 000 entries, covering 164 colleges. HONOR Academy has 5, 000 courses online and empowered a total of 160, 000 employees in 2022. We have created over 24, 000 indirect jobs. Over 30 employee associa- tions have organized various activities with a total of over 15, 000 participants. In 2022, the participation rate of EHS awareness training reached 100. We have created over 13, 000 direct jobs. The 2022 HONOR Creativity Challenge has attracted over 2, 300 students. Youth Empowerment Employee Development13, 000 24, 000 In 2022, over 182 EHS professional trainings were conducted182164 5, 000 160 thousand 15, 000 100 13, 000 Supplier CSR on-site evaluation covered 210, 000 workers on the supply chain, focusing on their benefits, health and safety. Supply chain survey cover over 200 smelters and refiners. Carbon inventory project cover over 50 suppliers. Sustainability audit cover over 40 suppliers. Supplier CSR 210, 000 200 50 40 In 2022, 100 our compliance practitioners attended training and passed examinations. Responsible Governance 100 8HONOR Magic Moments has attracted over 300, 000 entries in 2022. 300, 000 2, 300 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) About Our ESG06 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 07 A Letter from CEO Over the past two years since its fresh start, HONOR has worked earnestly on developing its products and technologies to create an ideal future for all. While promoting our own development, we always uphold the principle to make technology work for the good, undertake social responsibilities, protect the environment, and promote social progress. Since our establishment, we have made the concept of environmental, social and governance (ESG) into our genes. HONOR builds a harmonious and healthy ecosystem We join hands with all partners to seek common develop- ment. We and our upstream and downstream partners adhere to strict labor and environmental standards to build a harmonious industrial chain. It also demonstrates the powerful technological innovation and art of HONOR. The event provides a stage for young talents in the design field to display their ingenuity and make cross-cultural communication. HONOR deserves your trust We value business ethics, compliance management, privacy protection, cyber security and information security, which are the cornerstones of our brand. Although the journey ahead may be long and arduous, with sustained actions, we will eventually reach our destination and embrace a brighter future and create an intelligent world for everyone. Greener HONOR, Better World Minimizing the impact on the environment has always been the guideline for us. HONOR brings warm technologies for all The value of technology is not only to create products but also to empower all people and bridge the digital divide. Our accessible products allow tens of millions of people with visual or hearing impairment to enjoy the digital world smoothly. Our wearable devices enable users to manage their health easily and accurately. HONOR prioritizes users privacy and safety Privacy is a basic right of our users, and we've made privacy protection a prerequisite for all the products and services we provide. From initial design to final delivery, we put privacy considerations into every step and give users autonomous control over their personal information. With a strategic focus on innovation, quality and service, HONOR is dedicated to developing technology that empowers people around the globe to go beyond through its R&D capabilities and forward-looking technology, as well as creating a new intelligent world for everyone with its portfolio of innovative products. At present, we have more than 13, 000 employees worldwide, of which the R&D team accounts for more than 60. Different central devices can be used in different scenarios and other devices can have seamless collaboration with the central device. Consequently, users can enjoy a seamless experience and have their various demands met in all scenarios such as daily life, education, work, sports, home, and entertainment. High quality Accumulatively, we have put in place over 600 quality control standards for all processes, covering product design, purchase, R&D, and manufacturing. HONOR Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park, which integrates R&D, trial production, mass production and testing, is the only demonstration manufacturer certified by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in the mobile phone industry. With high-precision automation equipment and information integration system, we are able to create an information integration system and bring more high quality and innovative products to consumers in a smarter way. Our high- precision automation equipment can achieve high assembly accuracy with only a variance of 75 microns, greatly reducing the defects caused by human operations. At present, our digital control rate of key equipment is 100 and networking rate of key equipment is 95. Our MES (manufacturing execution system) makes production resources transparent, quality data analyzable, and production process traceable. Service We insist on being user-centered and providing users with high-quality services. In order to provide fast and efficient services to global consumers, we have over 3, 000 service centers and 9 regional call centers, covering more than 100 countries and regions around the world. The first Friday, Saturday, and Sunday of each month are HONOR Service Days, during which we provide special care and service for consumers. ESG Governance Since our establishment, we have built a well-defined ESG management structure that consists of the ESG committee and the ESG working group. The ESG committee is responsible for leading the company's ESG management work. Under its guidance, we also established an ESG working group, whose members are from various departments such as R&D, Production, Procurement, and Supply Chain Management. Its job is to integrate the ESG strategy into the business process and carry out various ESG work step by step to achieve the sustainable development goal of the company. Stakeholders Governments and regulators Investors and shareholders Customers Employees Suppliers and business partners Industry associations CommunityKey Topics of Interest Communication and response Abide by laws and regulations Cooperate with national policies Compliant business Business planning and growth High-quality products and services User privacy protection Business integrity Benefits and salary Care for employees Healthy and safe working environment Win-win cooperation Fairness and openness Abide by code of conduct Promote industry development Fair competition Community construction Talent cultivation Care for special groupsParticipate in industrial seminars Empower partners with innovative technologies Resist unfair competition Create local jobs Organize competition events for youth Provide accessible products and servicesImprove supplier management system Build communication platform for suppliersImprove product and service quality Establish sound privacy protection system Improve complaint handling procedure Improve salary and welfare system Conduct various activities Consolidate EHS management systemAdvance company s compliance system Regularly communicate with shareholdersCooperate with regulators for inspection Implement government requirements Organize training events and improve promotion mechanismCareer developmentHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 12 Materiality Assessment We attach great importance to the identification, analysis and management of material issues. Impact on stakeholders Impact on HONORHigh High LowLow Data security & privacy protection Climate change response Employees rights and interests Information accessibility Employee training and development Sustainable supply chain Corporate governance Circular economy Consumer service Industrial cooperation and development Youth empowerment Occupational health and security Diversity and inclusiveness Employee communication and participation Responsible raw material procurement Community practice and contribution Green operation Product safety and quality Product R&D Business ethics and complianceHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) SDGs in this chapterEnvironmental13 We are committed to the principle of reducing the impact on the environment while providing high-quality products and services to hundreds of millions of consumers. products have achieved Class A environment certification of China Quality Certification Centre (CQC). A total of more than 1, 000 pieces of office and R&D equipment have been reused through the platform. A total of 3, 861 tons of harmful chemical substances have been removed. Nearly a thousand reliability tests are conducted for all products to improve their durability. Highlights Set up ambitious greenhouse gas emission reduction target By 2045 achieving carbon neutrality in our operation. Green Concept 2045 104 3, 861 1, 200 1, 000 Carbon FootprintSubstance List 75 69, 435 1, 000 1, 785HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 204515 In recent years, climate change has caused an unprecedented impact on our world, and we are facing increasing uncertainty of the macro environment for our business operations. Since Chinese government proposed carbon peaking and carbon neutrality goals, enterprises have also shifted to a sustainable development model that takes into account both the environment and society. With the proposal of Circular Economy Action Plan by EU, various enterprises have greatly promoted energy conserva- tion and emission reduction for sustainable economic development. In response to national policies and international calling, HONOR has taken a new step towards low-carbon transformation. Carbon emission reduction goals become a vital part of our development strategy. Since the supply chain is the main emission source of the industry, we plan to promote our TOP100 suppliers to set carbon reduction targets and take solid actions by 2030. Only by integrating the concept of environment protection, energy saving and emission reduction into the four pillars can we successfully achieve this goal. Green OperationGreen ProductGreen Manufa- cturingGreen Partners HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 16 Green products, our common choice HONOR Magic4 Pro Carbon Footprint In order to build a green product system and create more competitive green products, we established Green Product Technology Management Team in 2021. So far, 104 HONOR products have obtained the Grade A certification from China Quality Certification Center (CQC). In order to have a clearer understanding of the impact and footprint of our products, we calculated the environmental data of the full life cycle of our products based on the ISO 14064 14067 and PAS 2050 standards in 2022. Now we have completed the carbon footprint calculation and data disclosure of all major projects including mobile phones and tablets. Greener package Product packaging carries the language and attitude of HONOR. While pursuing a good user experience, we advocate lightweight, small-sized, harmless, easily recyclable and environmentally friendly packaging to reduce resource consumption and convey the green concept. In practice, we have first adopted the lightweight and attractive packaging designs. At the same time, we have innovated diversified product packaging and incorporated green practices in every aspect of the packaging design process. For PC packaging, we have adopted a more concise and integrated folding scheme, which ensures safe transportation while reducing paper usage. The average page count of paper manuals for our products has been reduced by 40. The total amount of paper saved for all HONOR products is about 39. 12 million A4 pages, equivalent to 1, 304 trees saved, and we have also reduced ink consumption, which is equivalent to saving 81, 500 ink cartridges. The mobile phone tray of the Magic series is made of bagasse to reduce the consumption of wood. In order to prevent pollution, we try to reduce the use of single-use plastics in the packaging. At present, the plastic removal rate of the HONOR Magic Vs packaging has reached 98. Compared with the Magic V, each Magic Vs series phone packaging weights 40g lighter. It is estimated that every million mobile phones can save 40 tons of packaging materials. We have optimized the dimensions of the TV packaging and reduced the weight of corrugated boxes and EPS cushioning materials. t At present, 98 packages of Magic Vs phones use non- plastic material. Since 2014, the color box packaging and product manuals of our products have been printed with soybean ink, which can not only reduce the harm to human health and the consumption of petroleum resources, but also facilitate the recycling of packaging materials. Our printings with soy ink have cumulatively reduced about 80 tons of CO2 emissions 80 t HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 19 More durable products HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Durable products can not only greatly improve the user experience, but also effectively reduce the waste of resources and environmental impact. For mobile phones, we strive to provide users with a more stable and reliable experience by improving hardware adapt- ability from the design stage, such as waterproof, dustproof and splashproof capabilities, and simulating real scenarios such as dropping, high and low temperature, splashing, friction, scratching, and button pressing. For tablets and laptops, we improve product reliability and durability by simulating various scenarios such as screen folding, key pressing, touch control, friction, scratching, and high and low temperatures, evaluating the test results and optimizing product design. In the design stage, we adopt structural modular design and use parts with uniform specifications to facilitate later maintenance and replace- ment. At the same time, we try our best to provide users with economical and reliable after-sales service. At present, we have provided one-stop maintenance services in stores around the world, so that users can access high-quality maintenance service easily when they need it. Evidence shows that glass screens of smart phones are prone to crack due to dropping, which is a key pain point for users. The foldable screen of Magic V series adopts the first multi-curved nano-crystalline external screen, which improves the drop resistance by 5 times. The curved surface nano-glass process adds nano-scale metal oxide grains as seed crystals in the glass production, and tens of nanome- ter-sized nano-crystalline particles grow inside the glass to form a glass-ceramic that combines crystals and glass. This technology ensures a slim body and strong screen at the same time. Innovative technology improves device drop resistance by 5 times HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) In addition to the thinner (0. 1mm thinner than conventional screens) and lighter (9 weight reduction) body design brought by the curved surface nano-glass-ceramic process, its modulus (the ratio of stress to strain) performs far better than that of conventional glass panels. On January 10, 2022, when the flagship HONOR Magic V foldable phone made its debut, it was dropped in public for the first time. Zhao Ming, CEO of HONOR, dropped the phone to the hard floor twice in front of the public, and there was no damage at all. Safer chemical substances We strive to choose safer chemical substances and have set higher standards for ourselves based on the international standards. In addition, we also actively phase out substances that could cause harm to the environment and human during the recycling process, such as BFRs, CFRs, PVC, PAEs, Antimony trioxide and Beryllium and its compounds. At the same time, we have cooperated with multiple material suppliers to test dozens of different raw materials. At present, we have achieved halogen-free power cables for all mobile phones and tablets, which greatly reduces the negative impact on the environment. Because smart wearable devices can touch people's skin for a long time, we also attach great importance to the research and control of allergenic substances. Up to now, we have completed more than 20 toxicological tests on materials used in products that often touch skin. tHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Recycle and dispose products in a responsible way According to a report by International Telecommunication Union(ITU), United Nations University (UNU), and International Solid Waste Association (ISWA), global e-waste could reach 52. 2 million tons by 2021, which is a pressing issue in our digital world. As a responsible enterprise, we set out to develop a practical and effective product program to recycle waste materials and reduce resource con- sumption and waste generation. At present, we have set both online and offline recycling channels, covering used device valuation, professional quality inspection, data clearing and other services. For products that need to be scrapped after recycling, we have set up a special supplier certification working group and established a systematic waste treatment system to ensure that suppliers dispose of waste in compliance with regulations and minimize potential environmental pollution. We carefully disassemble and sort the recycled batteries and large-scale products, and then our partners process the recycled products to the raw material before reuse. By the end of 2022, we have recycled a total of 1, 785 tons of e-waste. At present, we have launched recycling and processing system in China, the Middle East Africa, Europe and other regions, in response to the global e-waste disposal protocols, such as Basel Convention, WEEE, and EPR. In addition, we provide featured recycling services to attract more consumers. We have responsibly recycled a total of 1, 785 tons electronic waste. tons Total recycling volume in 2022 rises by 487 compared to 2021. 487 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 23 On the Earth Day, we joined hands with Huishoubao, a big recycling platform in China, to initiate the topic Where are the used mobile phones after being recycled on social media. The event showed the public the dangers of discarding old mobile phones at will and the importance of choosing formal recyling channels, which resonated a lot with consumers. On the launch event of Guide of Mobile Phone Waste Recycle and Public Mobiliza- tion sponsored by the China Association of Circular Economy and SEE Foundation, we joined hands with other enterprises to release the Proposal for Safe Recycling and Green Disposal of Used Mobile Phones, calling for the whole society to promote the green development of mobile phone industry. During the event, consumers can enjoy additional subsidies and get a free screen protection film for trading in their old phones that are within certain price range. This event ignited consumers' enthusi- asm for recycling their old phones. April 22, 2021 Aug 11, 2022 Nov 30, 2022HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) We hope that through our actions and advocacy, more consumers can understand the significance of electronic product recycling. Green manufacturing, green technology24 Green productionThe analysis of product carbon footprint shows that manufacturing is the most important link in the product life cycle in terms of emission control. The park is equipped with advanced high-precision automated manu- facturing equipment and a digital control platform, aiming to improve production efficiency while scientifically reducing energy consumption and further promote the development of low-carbon and energy-saving manufacturing. Relying on the production supermarket, the automated production line can trigger the shelves to intelligently select materials fast and accurately. AGVs are used to accurately sort the materials and deliver them to different production areas. We have customized an air compressor group control system, which can automatically adjust the input of frequency conversion machines and fixed frequency machines according to production needs, minimizing the no-load power consumption of fixed frequency machines, and reducing waste and manual errors. We have launched an energy and safety risk management system to collect energy data from nearly 800 facilities and carry out statistic analysis. In 2022, the power consumption of a single mobile phone equivalent production is reduced by 11. million 75 of our production line is automated, greatly improving production efficiency. A green production model featuring high efficiency, high quality and low emissions is put in place. Through the power management system and group control system, we can monitor the consumption of electricity, water, and gas in the park in real time, optimize energy dispatching in a timely manner, and conduct statistical analysis on high-energy-consuming equipment. Relying on the intelligent digital platform, we have proposed practical and effective optimization solutions for each energy consumption module. We have optimized the lighting equipment in the workshop, evaluated the light intensity according to the production requirements, and reduced the number of lamps by 3, 169. Through measures such as air-conditioning peak adjustment and lighting power switch optimization, we can save about 1. 2 million kWh of electricity every year. Through integrated design, about 124 types of fixtures were rebuilt in 2021, and about 4, 000 pieces were reused. For hazardous wastes, we hand them over to third-party organizations with professional qualifications for disposal in accordance with laws and regulations. For general industrial wastes, we follow the 3R principle to minimize emissions. In 2022, Pingshan Manufacturing Industrial Park has no record of discharge misconduct. By 2022, HONOR Pingshan Factory has gained a series of certifications, such as ISO45001, ISO14001, ISO14064, and will gain more in the near future, including ISO50001 and green factory certifications, aiming to become an industry-leading green factory. In our warehouses, we adopt the following green practices As for domestic product transportation, we fully consider low-carbon methods. Green logistics We save about 500, 000 carton boxes per year 500, 000HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 28 Green operation, green enterprise We pledge to achieve carbon neutrality in operations and adopt 100 renewable energy by 2045. To this end, we continue to carry out energy-saving and emis- sion-reduction activities for all staff to enhance people's awareness on emission reduction. In offices or stores, we transform or install energy management systems to accurately manage energy consumption, such as lighting, power, heating and cooling, kitchen oil and gas electrification system transforma- tion. In terms of commuting and business travel, we encourage and support remote office meetings. At the same time, we have provided 146 commuting buses and local shuttle bus service between office parks to facilitate public transportation to reduce carbon emissions from driving. Compared with self-driving trips, we reduced carbon emissions by about 1, 317 tons in 2021. In other sites, we plan to purchase more renewable electricity year by year to reduce carbon emissions of our own operations. In order to further implement the green operation, we have established a standard- ized green operation process and formulated an ESG work list. Through smart control of air conditioners, lamps and other equipment and strengthening regular inspections, we ensure that energy-saving and emission-reduction measures are properly implemented. HONOR Beijing office at Vanke Lake International has obtained LEED Gold certification. Our Shenzhen office at New Generation Industrial Park has obtained the two-star green building design certification. t We reduced 1, 317 tons of carbon emissions annually by providing shuttle buses for commuting. tHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Estimation is based on Quantitative Research Report of Online Meeting Helps Carbon Emission Reduction Assumed that 50 of employees use shuttle bus drive private cars 29 We actively promote paperless office in our daily operation. In 2022 we signed more than 20, 000 documents on the E platform, which is equivalent to saving at least 40, 000 sheets of paper for printing. In terms of office assets, departments have different needs, and there were often duplicated procurement and waste of asset. As of December 2022, more than 1, 000 pieces of office and R&D equipment have been reused across departments through our sharing platform, greatly reducing the waste of repeated procurement. On November 5, 2022, UNGC officially released new pilot projects GDI for SDG on the 5th Hongqiao International Economic Forum. In 2021, we joined the China Association of Circular Economy and actively promoted green environmental protection. In August 2022, we participated in the press conference of the Guide of Mobile Phone Waste Recycle and Public Mobilization HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) hosted by the association and became the first advocator for the safe recycling and environment-friendly disposal of used phones. On November 2, 2022, we participated in the 2022 China Circular Economy Development Forum hosted by the association and delivered a speech on the theme of Harmonious Coexistence Between Technology and Nature. We shared our green practice and advocated partners to jointly protect biodiversity. CEO Zhao Ming delivered a speech at the 2022 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit, introduced our ESG progress, particularly our HONOR Talents program and our effort on green development. Privacy and Security Privacy is a basic right of our users, and we've made privacy protection a prerequisite for all the products and services we provide. From initial design to final delivery, we put privacy considerations into every step and give users autonomous control over their personal information. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 32 Privacy and Security We have organized the annual Privacy Awareness Week and set up courses on privacy compliance to ensure 100 of the staff are trained. Discrete security chip and Dual TEE security system consolidate personal data protection. We have obtained a series of international certification on privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO and ePrivacyseal. Highlights Dual TEE & Discrete chip Certification Privacy protectionFive principles 100 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) HONOR always complies with the applicable laws and regulations on privacy and personal data protection where it has a business presence. With privacy as our priority, we are committed to protecting users data in a comprehensive way while developing better products and services, aiming to build HONOR into a most-trusted tech brand. We have obtained a series of international certifications in privacy and security, including ISO IEC 27701, ISO IEC 27001, TEE, FIDO, and ePrivacyseal. Adhering to the five principles of minimal data, anonymous identity, transparent and controllable data processing, security protection, and local processing whenever possible, we are committed to improving our privacy management system to better protect consumers privacy. As a result, Your privacy, our priority is never empty talk, but an ethos embedded in every HONOR employee. All business areas have carried out emergency drills covering emergency prepara- tions, responses, and retrospectives to improve employees risk awareness, summarize emergency response and management plans, and ensure our teams can cope with all types of privacy emergencies in a timely manner. In face of various cyber security threats and privacy protection challenges, HONOR believes that cross-field collaboration with an open mind can continuously boost our capability and create a better digital experience for our users. We have also optimized the baseline constantly to ensure effective implementation. We have drafted and published Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy in light of five principles of privacy protection. Our privacy protection practice is highly acclaimed by the media. For example, if a weather app prompts you to enable Location permission, the system will automatically recognize and recommend Approximate Location permission which only allows the app to tell your phone s approximate location within the area of 1 square kilometer. If the app attempts to obtain Contacts information without authorization, the system will intercept such activity to secure user privacy. The system will also record authorized app activities and generate a privacy report to keep users informed about how apps access their data. For comprehensive protection, the phone is also equipped with functions of unknown number identification, permission access history and reminder, repair mode, and AirTag detection. HONOR phones prevent unauthorized data access Five-dimensional privacy risk protection system safeguards 1 2 3 4 5Transparency and controllabilityUser identity anonymiza- tionSecurityOn-device data proce- ssingData minimization Collect the minimum amount of personal data and retain them only as long as necessary for specified purposes. Before data collection, provide clear and precise notice to tell users how we will use their data and ensure they can revoke their authorization anytime. Privacy Assistant Privacy Assistant performs in-depth detection of the system environment, payment environment, and app behaviors and allows users to optimize the system by a simple tap. Minimum app permission recommendations The phone can recognize and analyze the usage scenarios and recommend accordingly the minimum number of permissions necessary for providing the app basic services. Privacy access history Provide users with 7-day privacy access history and privacy risk reports that analyze the potential risks and offer optimization suggestions. Users can go to Settings Privacy to check their privacy access history. It displays the top 5 apps that most frequently access Camera, Microphone, Location, or Contacts permissions respectively. Users can also view access details of a certain app by tapping its icon, including the authorized and rejected access. As for frequent background access and unnecessary permissions, it allows users to modify the permission scope with a simple tap. Scam prevention The phone can identify scam phone numbers, apps, and websites based on the database of the National Anti-Fraud Center, then make targeted interception when users answer a scam call, block the scam SMS directly and alert users if they reply to it, and manage the installation and usage of scam apps. With Remote Safeguard, an alert will be sent to the guardian if the user is at risk of fraud. Spam radar To stop apps from playing rogue ads via auto-launch, secondary launch, background pop-ups, floating pop-ups, and hidden icons, HONOR has developed abilities to monitor and identify abnormal activities of apps and restrict their pop-up ads. Users can also uninstall the app with a simple tap to get rid of spam. Permission notification reduction If users reject the request when an app asks for permission through the pop-up window for the first time and select Don t remind me again after denying for the second time, the app will no longer pop up the window asking for this permission so as to reduce the disturbance to users. Information misuse prevention Harassment protectionHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 37 Repair mode The Repair mode encrypts private data with the advanced, unbreakable encryption algorithm. When a phone is sent for repair with the Repair mode enabled, the maintenance experts cannot view photos, videos, SMS messages, instant messaging apps, contacts, recordings, payment, and mobile banking apps on the device. After the device is repaired, users can turn off the mode by entering the password to restore the encrypted data. Payment Security Integrate the traditional USB shield into the mobile phone based on a discrete security chip and dual-TEE security OS. During bank transfer, the digital signature certificate will be encrypted by the security chip for storage. The self-developed HTEE ensures the transaction is secure and trust- worthy. The secure keyboard also helps prevent the password from leaking. Position fuzzification Users have the option to control the location accuracy they want to grant to an app to prevent them- selves from being located and tracked. When this feature is enabled, the system will process the location data returned and generate an approximate location within the area of 1 square kilometer which is sufficient for apps that do not need the exact location, such as weather and dating apps. Privacy protection during screen projection During phone screen projection to PC, tablet, or TV, the app login page is not displayed by default. Usernames and passwords are also hidden if the user uses the secure keyboard. This feature can be turned off as needed. Data disclosure protection Protect use behavior from bein tracked Snooping preventionHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 38 Nowadays, billions of people access the Internet via smart- phones where various types of private information are stored. Therefore, it is essential for smartphone manufacturers to provide robust privacy protection for users. HONOR Magic4 series has set a good example in this respect. HONOR Magic4 series has established a brand-new privacy protection system to safeguard all types of sensitive information ranging from the very basic of photos and app data to core bio-Combining hardware and software solutions, HONOR has developed the discrete security chip and dual-TEE security OS to consolidate personal data protection for users. With CC EAL5 certification, it is highly effective in preventing malicious system reinstallation and cracking. Mean- while, the dual-TEE system offers double insurance to safeguard user data and payment. It allows the Magic VS series to integrate the traditional USB shield into the mobile phone to achieve financial-grade security so that users can make a large transfer of as much as 5 million yuan. For example, HONOR Magic4 Pro introduces the AI Privacy Call feature which can significantly reduce sound leakage during calls through innovative audio technology and special audio channel design. In terms of hardware, it adopts a discrete security chip with CC EAL 5 certification to store key data. As for software, we have developed dual-TEE system based on the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 Mobile Platform in cooperation with Qualcomm. The system is independent from the Android operating system and can encrypt users private data with strong security guarantees. Privacy protection of HONOR Magic4HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 39 SDGs in this chapterTech For Good HONOR never stop innovating and bringing social values. HONOR Watch GS 3 supports over 100 workout modes to help users exercise regularly and properly. In 2022, we conducted more than 30 studies on people with special needs and carried out over 50 design verification tests. AI Subtitles benefits over 700 thousand people each month. The accuracy rate of heart rate measurement on HONOR watches reached 97 based on the frequency tracking algorithm and AI algorithm. Voice Assistant YOYO provides 190 million times of smart services each month. Services 190, 000, 000 700, 000 97 In 2021, we launched Smart Terminal Information Accessibility Initiative together with other 14 organiza- tions. elderly-friendly projects were implemented. HONOR Magic series and X series have gained certifica- tions for elderly-friendly design. The ScreenReader benefits over 2. 9 million people each month. The Seventh Census shows that China's elderly population over 60 years old has reached 264 million. The outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020 has made us more aware of the essential role played by technology in epidemic response and monitoring. It has further strengthened our commitment to improving information accessibility and the concept of technology for good. Our mission is to enable equal access for everyone to share the benefits of technological development and enjoy the convenience brought by digital life. Since October 2021, we have joined hands with Shenzhen Accessibility Research Association to analyze the phone usage problems faced by people with special needs in multiple locations. With over 30 studies and in-depth interviews orga- nized, more than 50 design verification tests carried out, and over 500 online questionnaires handed out, we have gained a large volume of first-hand feedback on user experience and special needs. Bridge the digital divide by technology and create a better future41 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Over 30 Over 500studies and in-depth in- terviews online questionnaires 42 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Weijie is a member of the special working group on accessibility. In the spring of 2022, she conducted research on visually impaired user X. On the day, user X went to the mall to buy household goods. Similar problems also occurred when taking public transportation. Throughout the entire research, Weijie found it most difficult to resist the urge to help and most frequently experienced confusion and later a poignant moment of sudden realization. It was until the interview that he told me it was because the elevator did not have voice broadcasts. After the research, Weijie tried to walk on tactile paving with her eyes closed. In the short 30 seconds surrounded by hustle and bustle of the street, she was overwhelmed by fear of the unknown. For those visually impaired, the physical world is already harsh, let alone the digital world. Weijie's voice represents the entire R&D and user research team, and their efforts have also been put into practice. In 2022, HONOR developed and implemented 22 accessibility projects and addressed over 700 accessibility issues related to user experience, demonstrating our loving care for people with special needs. For visually impaired users, without appropriate assistive technologies, complicated operations and mass data will only pose a heavy burden and become a barrier to accessing what they want. When this feature is turned on for users who are blind or have low vision, HONOR phones can read out what they tap, select and activate in real time to inform them what they are operating. For example, the functional buttons during phone calls on HONOR phones can be easily read out, including answering and hanging up phone calls, setting harassment interception, and viewing call records. Besides, the phone number of the incoming call can be read out too. HONOR phones also support recognizing text in images, which can be really useful whether users are reading at home, shopping at the supermarket, or processing text materials in the workplace. Vision, at your fingertips The products mentioned are not medical devices. Their measurement data and results are for reference only and do not serve as the basis for diagnosis or treatment. This functionality aims to build a more powerful system-level capability, enabling users to freely choose reading content, length, speed, and more. This enhances user capability for obtaining accurate information and manages time more efficiently. Audiobook is no longer the only format for them to access digital information. The outbreak of COVID-19 makes people pay more attention to their health, With the invasion of the virus, users are most concerned about whether their body temperature is normal. With the high-precision sensor and AI algorithms, the earbuds achieve accurate tempera- ture measurement with a margin of error of 0. 3. Users only need to tap the earbuds three times to measure their temperature, and the result will be read out directly. It helps users avoid the difficulty of reading a mercurial thermometer and monitor their body status in time. At the age of 9, he lost sight in his left eye due to an illness, and at 18, he was involved in a car accident that caused the lens of his glasses to fracture, resulting in the loss of vision in his right eye. In addition to running the massage service store, he has also tried many part-time jobs, such as live-streaming, audio post-production, and online game community operation. Smart tech empowers a new journey in life HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) In addition to providing basic services, we hope our products can help users live happier and more decent life. On August 16, 2021, HONOR 50 series was launched with new camera functions designed for the visually impaired. The camera can intelligently change the angle by detecting the face position automatically. These functions help the visually impaired take better photos to capture beautiful moments in their life, such as anniversaries and birthdays. This is not only a leap in technology, but also a step that brings us closer to people with special needs. The magnification gesture allows users to adjust the screen when they cannot see clearly. Color correction can better meet the needs of users with color blindness or weakness. Dark mode increases contrast to make the screen sharper and clearer in dim lighting environment. Whether in terms of basic services or assistive features, HONOR works hard to develop more convenient and user-friendly intelligent products for visually impaired users. During the COVID-19 lockdown period, he could access property notifications and purchase daily necessities online without any barriers through Screen- Reader. As the head of the Yuhuatai District Blind Association, Dai hopes to help more visually impaired people. In 2022, In 2022, Dai Junming replaced his old phone with a new model of HONOR phone and shared his journey of using HONOR phone's accessibility features with his relatives and friends. Intelligent technology has changed my fate, improved the quality of life for blind community, and opened up a whole new life for us, he said. While the offline activities were restricted due to social distancing, online activities including live streaming, online education, and video conferencing were in full swing, making hearing impaired users at a loss. For normal hearing people, those online activities have already become part of their daily life. In the silent world, HONOR always insists on listening to the voice of users and meeting their needs. At present, the AI Subtitles installed on HONOR phones supports real-time conversion of speech into text and displays it on the screen. This function can help hearing impaired users to access content from live streaming, online courses, or other non-subtitle videos, facilitating their learning and social activities. Both elderly and young users should be able to use digital products with ease. From 2021 to 2022, HONOR has implemented 17 projects to meet the demands of this aging population. HONOR Magic series and X series have gained certifications for elderly-friendly design. HONOR phones are equipped with a simplified mode that features a more straight- forward desktop layout, larger display of text and icons, default three-key naviga- tion, and enabled touch sounds. The simplified mode allows elderly users to easily and clearly see and hear, with simplified operations that enable many older users to independently display their health codes during the pandemic. For people living and working far away from home, the well-being of their parents is often the top concern. HONOR has placed great emphasis on the health and safety of elderly users and thus developed HONOR Parental Control, a remote caretaking platform. This app features various functions such as reminders for inactivity, remote location tracking, and scam alerts to bridge the gap between children and their parents, providing constant and reliable companionship. Users can download and bind the app to another device, they can become the guardian and check the location and operation status of the device owner. If the device owner goes out of the set range or hasn t operated the phone for a long time, the system will auto- matically send notifications to the guardian, so they can check the status of their family members in time. While bringing convenience to the elderly, smartphones also pose certain risks. A study by the China National Committee on Aging shows that in 2021, 542. 5 thousand cases involving elderly people were investigated by people's courts at all levels nationwide. Frauds related to health products and telecommunication networks are common. The elderly users can also anti-fraud guardians who will receive alerts when they receive messages or calls containing fraud risks, thereby providing a strong barrier to enhance the safety of their phone use. Zhang Yawen, a customer service agent, had repeated this opening remark thousands of times in her daily work. This time, the call was from an old man who spoke anxiously with a strong Changsha accent. After patient guidance, Zhang figured out that the old man wondered what to do if the monthly data usage exceeded the cap. The old man said he did not know why such a thing occurred because his residence had Wi-Fi network, and he seldom used the data. As an old man who lived alone, he had no idea about what to do. The old man also asked about how to use mobile data when not at home, such as in hospitals. The old man felt reassured and appreciated her considerate service. In the handbook, we illustrate with pictures the common problems elderly users often encounter and the corresponding solutions. This handbook has been printed in more than 80, 000 copies and provided to customers in all offline HONOR stores. The electronic version has been viewed over 1 million times via HONOR Club, the official Weibo of HONOR, and the official website of HONOR ESG. Together with our partners, we have organized lectures to teach the elderly mobile phone skills and address their issues. HONOR carefully guards its elderly users, delivering warm care through continuous functional innovation and thoughtful customer service. It is also our goal to let children grow up healthily in the digital world, avoiding addiction to electronic devices or exposure to inappropriate information. HONOR's phones, tablets, TVs and routers are all equipped with child-oriented functions. Parents can set screen time and other limits on device usage to help their children develop healthy digital habits. HONOR Pad 8 has passed triple authoritative eye protection certifications, including TUV Rheinland Low Blue Light and Flicker Free Certifications, as well as National Eye Institute Eye Protection Certification. Meanwhile, it provides a series of eye care solutions at the software level and Digital Balance, a feature specially designed for teenage students, which provides reminders for bad habits that affect eyesight, such as positioning too closely, lying down while viewing, viewing in low light, and shaky holding. These upgrades have achieved a further enhancement of the standard for eye protection in tablets. HONOR Router 4 Pro provides the Parental Control function to prevent children from getting addicted to games and short videos. When HONOR Router 4 Pro detects an online learning app is consuming data, it will atomically prioritize this app and speed up Internet connection to ensure a smooth online learning experience for children. In some cases, if you and your supervised children choose not to provide personal information, HONOR will be unable to provide relevant products or services, or respond to and resolve related issues. In this way, we can verify your identity as a parent (or guardian). When creating the child account, you need to enter the child's phone number and date of birth, and set a password. After the child account is created, we will link it with your account. Your child can use this account to log in and access services according to the privacy statements and user agreements of HONOR products or services. If HONOR entrusts a third party to process children s information, we will carry out the safety evaluation on the entrusted party and the entrustment behavior and sign a strict confidentiality agreement or personal information processing terms with the entrusted party. For details, you can check the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy and the privacy state- ments of specific products or services. Our products and services protect children's privacy by default and automatically disable personalized advertising when they identify the user is a child. People earnestly hope that mobile phones can be smarter when they have to spend a lot of time transferring files between multiple devices or find themselves held back by the language barrier abroad. AI empowers IDEAL accessibility What we do on accessibility is just like building the tactile paving in the digital world. Access to accessibility features should be diversified. At present, most manufacturers work on the application level to make passive remedies to accessibility problems that occur. Accessibility does not pose a technical challenge, but requires awareness and empathy. Only on this basis can we provide suitable services to people with disabilities. When the basic capability is built, we need to further think about how to present the features in a simple and accessible manner. It requires efforts from accessibility engineers and the wisdom of the whole society. Love can break down all barriers. Such a comprehensive system connects people, devices, and services with AI technology and presents common features for users in a simple way. When using multiple devices, users often encounter obstacles regarding file transmission and system compatibility. When users want to transfer content between devices, they can activate Multi-device Collaboration by simply swiping up with three fingers or dragging the icons. In the future, HONOR will continue to work with industry partners to build an open ecosystem that empowers cross-device, cross-platform, and cross-scenario experiences. The monthly users of the Magic Text service have reached 4 million. AI Voice provides a more convenient voice interaction service to over 50 of HONOR users in various scenarios, such as taking pictures and answering calls. Voice Assistant YOYO is activated 190 million times each month to provide smart services. million 190 million 173 partnersHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 53 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) As a journalist, Zhu is accustomed to switching between his phone, tablet, and computer frequently in his daily work. He often uses the phone to record thoughts during topic selection meetings, the tablet to prepare the interview outline and enrich the key points, and the computer to write the full draft. Due to the high requirements for content accuracy in the news industry, Zhu needs to collaborate with multiple colleagues to conduct three reviews and three corrections after drafting and completing the outline. However, after adopting HONOR products, Zhu finds that he has more time to concentrate on writing, and his work efficiency is greatly improved. MagicRing facilitates smart office 54 High-quality product experience is inseparable from high-quality service. Particularly, the sign language training has helped our employees better serve hearing impaired users, and the service guidance for visually impaired users has further improved our capability to serve them. All-around accessible service Li is a visually impaired lady. Every morning at 9 o'clock, her alarm clock on her phone always rang on time, waking her up from her sleep. For many days Ms. Li operated her phone and confirmed that all the alarm clocks were turned off. As a result, Ms. Li called HONOR customer service hot line. Wang Li leveraged her experience of helping visually impaired people, patiently guided Ms Li to change the app settings step by step. She deliberately slowed down her speech and repeatedly confirmed whether Ms Li completed each step. After relentless efforts, Ms. Li finally completed the setting, but still asked Wang Li with some doubt So the alarm won't ring by itself tomorrow, right? The next morning, Wang Li called Ms. Li, Hello, I am Wang Li, your exclusive service engineer. Wang Li also feels the sense of achievement by solving users' concerns. The praise from users makes her even more determined to provide professional and considerate service for more people like Ms Li. Story of the accessibility hotline serviceHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 55 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 56 We have made unremitting efforts to promote the development of accessibility industry standards, and actively participated in the drafting of information accessibility and elderly-friendly standards by industry associations. On June 29, 2021, HONOR participated in the signing ceremony of the elderly-friendly transformation commitment launched by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Besides, HONOR participated in the drafting of the General Specification of Mobile Intelligent Terminal Accessibility proposed by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology and released by the China Electronics Standardization Association. We have actively participated in the professional forums to promote industrial development. In 2021 Guangdong Smart Accessi- bility City Forum, together with Shenzhen Information Accessibility Research Association, HONOR unveiled its smart terminal products about information accessibility and made a presentation entitled Smart Life Injecting Humanity into Technology to share HONOR's philosophy and practices in information accessibility construction. At the 4th Technology Accessibility Develop- ment Conference in 2022 (2022TADC), HONOR delivered a speech with the theme of Create A Smart World for All, sharing its research and practical achievements in the field of information accessibility. HONOR has developed several products with health monitoring functions to keep users informed of their health status directly. During the epidemic, daily monitoring of body indicators, including blood oxygen, body temperature, body fat, blood pressure, and blood glucose, has played an important role. The accuracy rate of heart rate measurement on HONOR Watch GS 3 reaches 97 based on the frequency tracking algorithm and AI algorithm. Blood oxygen monitoring throughout the day proves to be helpful in the post-epidemic era. With the high-precision sensor and AI algorithm, HONOR Earbuds 3 Pro achieves accurate temperature measurement with a margin of error of 0. 3. The smart noise cancellation function automatically recognizes the usage scenarios and makes adjustments accordingly to protect users ears. Technology, leads a healthier life Overall accuracy rate of heart rate measurement 97 Heart rate measurement Blood oxygen monitoring Sleep tracking Care for women Body fat monitoringIt supports all-day heart rate monitoring, including resting and exercising heart rate and heart rate. Additionally, it triggers warnings when the heart rate exceeds the set limit during physical activity, which ensures constant attention to one's cardiovascular health. It is helpful for the key vulnerable groups, including snorers, the elderly, and people who live in the low-oxygen environment at high altitudes and who do intensive brain work and often stay up late to work overtime. HONOR Watch GS 3 supports over 100 exercise modes, including 85 custom workout modes and more than 10 professional workout modes. It also provides 12 exercise demonstrations and voice guidance for fitness courses, including shoulder and neck stretches, fat burning, and full-body relaxation, Since October 2022, the updated version of HONOR Health has presented users with personalized interfaces, provided fitness advice, and training courses base on user habits, helping them reach their health goals. Each course is designed to progress gradually from easy to difficult, helping runners to exercise with ease. These diverse fitness courses offer a scientific and comprehensive training approach with detailed voice guidance, facilitating users' personal workouts. HONOR Earbuds 3 Pro can intelligently monitor and automatically record body temperature, providing more comprehensive body data for health management. In terms of functionality, HONOR Health can record and analyze users' exercise and health data, connect and manage HONOR devices, and provide users with a platform of content and services. It helps users create their own exercise and health management plans effectively. Adhering to the idea of inclusiveness, HONOR transforms its technological strength into professional and practical products. With multiple health management products and services, we help users manage their health effectively. Youth Empowerment HONOR empowers energetic youth to break through the boundaries of creative aesthetics. HONOR always encourages new forces to create new works and inspires young people Harmonious Coexistence Between Technology and Nature their talents through diversified events. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Youth Empowerment61 HONOR Talents Global Design Awards received 13, 000 submissions, covering 164 universities in 40 countries. HONOR Creativity Challenge attracts 800 universities worldwide participated by 2, 300 student teams in 2022. HONOR believes that excellent talents and a strong organization are the foundation for business development. When empowered young people recognize their talent and value, they will take risks with confidence and be open to trying new things. HONOR believes that youth who are willing to hold on to their values can regain confidence when they encounter difficulties or feel lost and revive themselves and keep going to pursue their dreams. HONOR hosted various and exciting activities, inviting young people from all over the world to participate in together and share wonderful moments. The creativity of youth makes them the main force of innova- tion and entrepreneurship. However, young people who engage in innovation and entrepreneurship also face difficulties in financing, little experience, and inadequate services, especially in developing countries. Therefore, HONOR and the Universidad de Va e de Mjxico (UVM), one of the top universi- ties in Mexico and one of the most important universities in the entire Latin American region, conducted cooperation for the first time and have launched a joint entrepreneurship scholar- ship to help students incubate their business ideas. This program helps to promote a high level of entrepreneurship education and implement innovative business models and ideas. UVM students and graduates with innovative and viable business ideas are eligible to apply for the scholarship, regardless of their year or major. The scholarship will be used to help them incubate their business projects, including supporting creating a business plan, providing training in financing communications, etc. At the same time, to better support young entrepreneurial students, we have organized a series of lectures, master classes, and workshops in collabora- tion with UVM. Projects proposed by young students are also incubated in UVM's national incubator network. By the end of 2022, HONOR and UVM have awarded scholar- ships to students in 75 entrepreneurial teams. In the near future, these businesses could become a significant source of local jobs and bring greater financial stability to society. The project also continues to carry out a global dialog on art and technology design, phone design experience, and new design expressions. HONOR Talents is not only an interna- tional competition about art and design, but always keeps the spirit of exploration and innovative design language to directly satisfy the emotional needs of consumers, resonate with consumers, continuously empower better art design concepts into HONOR's technology products, and continue to apply our prowess in more life scenes so that consumers can experience the innovative beauty of combining technology and art every moment. Since its inception in 2020, HONOR Talents Global Design Competition has reached in-depth cooperation with internationally renowned design institutions such as Central Academy of Fine Arts, China Academy of Art, Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts, Multimedia University (MMU), and Taylor's University. The competition not only invites art colleges to serve as academic guidance institutions and explore the frontiers of design with outstanding young talents, but also cooperates with colleges to conduct lectures on the frontiers of design and establish training camps to advance young creators' skills and career development. After two years of growth, the competition has attracted young creators from more than 40 countries and regions and 164 renowned institutions around the world to participate in, receiving more than 13, 000 works, the highest level ever. The competition has fully activated the power of young pioneering artists around the world. The works have spread to Malaysia, Czech Republic, UAE, Mexico, Egypt, Italy, France, UK, Germany, Hong Kong(China) and other countries and regions, enabling more people to see the innovative beauty of combining technology and art and the design talent of young creators. The competition invites professors and artists from renowned colleges and universities at home and abroad as judges. Design experts share design industry trends and frontier design knowledge with the participants, empowering youth with vivid lessons. The future represents youth and innovation, signifying that youth discover and create beauty through design and innovation.. To support young designers in exploring the beauty of the world, HONOR Talents set up a youth empowerment training camp, inviting design experts to share frontier design knowledge with the contestants, and encouraging and inspiring outstanding designers worldwide in multiple dimensions. We have also partnered with 5 Malaysian universities to set up campus awards and scholarships to provide both material and mental incentives for young designers. During the contest, many young designers have also left their unique voice of communication with HONOR. Twelve Hours of HONOR, designed by Yang Long, HONOR Talents 2022 Global Champion64 Drawing inspiration from traditional culture, the elements of the twelve hours and the zodiac are incorporated into the watch face design, with the mechanical beauty of modern industrial gears and the woodworking aesthetic of ancient farming water- wheels, creating a visual art that is both traditional and modern with detailed decorations and an architectural three-dimensional structure. A cute cartoon image is drawn with 12 endangered animals as the main characters. The strong color contrast presents a vibrant scene. The artwork conveys the design concept that everything is reviving and full of hope, aiming to call on humans to protect nature and the home where humans and animals live together. Co-Space, designed by Zhu Xiuqi, runner-up of HONOR Talents 2022 Interactive Art Insta- llation Design HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 65 On the basis of graphic design, the 2022 competition added an Art & Technology part, with AR interactive artwork design and interactive art installation design, leading the audience to experience a journey of technology exploration with humanistic undertones and showing the goodwill and care of young designers for the disadvantaged. In addition, we wish to encourage young designers around the world to make full use of technology to give new life to their communities. With the HONOR Talents Global Design Competition and ARLOOPA, an AR and VR development company, HONOR has collaborated with two internationally renowned artists, Yunuen Esparza and Timo Helgert, to restore and recreate the monuments of the UNESCO-certified World Heritage Site of Speicherstadt in Hamburg, Germany. The innovative interactive form of AR digital content and reality overlay injects new vitality into the century-old cultural heritage. When my art is powered by technolo- gy, I can connect people across space and time and that is a wonderful feeling. Yunuen Esparza Contemporary Artist from Mexico The fusion of art and technology is creating new ways to connect with cultural heritage and celebrate our communities. Timo Helgert Visual Artist from Germany HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 66 Mr. Ge Feng, Director of HONOR UX Design Department and judge of HONOR Talents Global Awards, gave a lecture titled Experience Design of Terminal Intelligent System to students and faculty of the Central Academy of Fine Arts on May 18, 2022, providing students with cutting-edge information about the industry. With the development of AI and big data capabilities as the background, Ge Feng explained to students how the terminal system can be upgraded around user habits and scene awareness for intelligent experience design, providing users with personal- ized and diversified experience design. Lecture held by Central Academy of Fine Arts City Design School With youth works as the content and youth participants as the guests, the youth works were promoted and displayed in a diverse forms. During the MONDIACULT 2022, HONOR exhibited its award-winning works in Mexico City for participants from more than 130 countries, and joined hands with the internationally renowned fashion media WWD to hold the first FASHION LAB exhibition to display the power of youth originality. At the first international Shanghai Digital Art Fair, many outstanding works were invited, bringing a unique humanistic and technological feature to this art carnival. At the same time, global launches, anniversary events, and international exhibitions of HONOR all showed the results of HONOR Talents. These various forms of activities were reported by famous media at home and abroad and loved by global consumers. Our Themes app also released over 250 HONOR Talents wallpapers, covering 113 countries and regions. At the same time, the art backing film of HONOR retail gifts and HONOR services both adopt artwork patterns of HONOR Talents, bringing consumers the innovative beauty of combining technology and art. The exhibition series allows me to obtain more real feedback from people who have experiences in different fields, which will be of great help to my future creations. The award from the Malaysian Education Office in China was something that I did not expect before I entered the competition. HONOR Talents gives me a platform to express myself and my art. The advancement of technology makes more and more richer forms of creation possible, injecting fresh blood into art creation. HONOR Talents provides me with a great opportunity to compare myself with other designers around the world. Wang Chenghao China, Champion of the 2022 Interactive Art Installation Design Michele Cavaliere-Italy Best Popularity Award 2021 Zeno Jun- Malaysia Best Design Award 2021 Zhou Tong - China Best Animation Award 2020Han Jingwen China, Champion of the 2022 Wallpapers Design HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 68 HONOR Magic Moments photography give rise to the new cultural force Worldwide 50 Countries and regions Over 500 thousand Pieces of excellent worksHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) We believe that our life, consisting of countless tiny moments, is wonderful and great. Every touching and beautiful moment deserves to be captured with HONOR's high-tech empowered cameras. Record marvelous life by capturing every extraordi- nary and precious moment as well as every contre-jour shot This is the essence of HONOR Magic Moment Awards. This award aims at breaking through the boundary of dynamic visual expression through innovative technology, and establishing a global exchange platform of mobile photography around mobile phone shooting experience and lens expression. This award also aims at tapping the creative inspiration of the public and new filmmakers, and shaping new forces influencing culture through your unique aesthetic and rich practical experience, and assisting creators in realizing their dreams, and discovering more new generation of high-quality creative talents through the incentive mechanism. The 2022 competition was upgraded with the core concept of Keep the spark in your heart and freeze the magic moment with the lens, and three new sections of Green, Short Videos, and Photo Series were added. Among them, the Green section is open for all brand models to submit their works, so as to encourage the public to use images to express their attitude towards environmental protection and attract more people to value ecological protection and live a green lifestyle. The contest invited domestic and foreign photography masters such as documenta- ry photographer Fu Yongjun, wildlife photographer & ecology photography expert Xiao Ge, Spanish photographer & artist Eugenio Recuenco, and HPA board member H. Loren Nielsen as judges, and has set up national and regional awards in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Latin America, Middle East Africa, and other places to increase the participation of overseas users and photography fans. Over the past two years, we have collected more than 500, 000 entries from 50 countries and regions around the world. Spring is coming, and the trees along the road are beginning to sprout spring buds. The finger graffiti wall painting on the wall is just in the place of the tree trunks, just like carefully caring for the newly sprouted spring buds. The golden age calls for a golden generation, whose firm ideals, beliefs, and dreams will be gradually realized through persistence and hardwork. Guo Rui, Global Chief Marketing Officer of HONOR HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) As an event for creative marketing elites in colleges and universities, the first HONOR Creativity Challenge has attracted young students from a total of more than 200 cities and 800 colleges and universities worldwide since it was held in 2021. 2022 HONOR Creative Challenge is further upgraded to focus on the stronger sense of subject and fresh energy of the young people who are the generation after 00s. After 3 stages of fierce competition, including a preliminary, semi-final, and final rounds, FORSEA of Tsinghua University, HONORChaser of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and Blue of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, standing out from 2, 300 elite teams from universities around the world, won the first, second, and third place respectively. creators won the best individual award. With the first-class profes- sional standard and the strong exchange atmosphere, this competition has won unanimous affirmation from the participating students. The competition let me see more possibilities for the future., Tapping into new skills is a very valuable experience., and There were many video courses full of knowledge in the preliminary stage, which were more practical and up-to-date than what I learned in school. As a dynamic technology company, we hope to help young people learn to apply their skills and improve their personal career plans with the Creative Challenge. In addition to material incentives, the winner will be supported by an HONOR Talent Program including a green card for interview. Participants will also have the opportunity to meet out- standing peers from all over the country. Through team PK, they will break the boundaries of campus and profession to obtain the thinking collision. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Employee Development HONOR creates a simple, efficient, and caring working atmosphere, and continuously enhances the sense of achievement and happiness of employees. HONOR Academy has 5, 000 courses online and empowered a total of 160, 000 staff by 2022. The Seven Ones requires systematic and refined management of EHS work. Consumer focus and dedicated employees as our foundation is one of the core values that HONOR upholds. Excellent workplaces and caring facilities protect the health and safety of HONOR people. Highlights 66 Employees care Health and SafetyFair Development 160, 000 15, 000 Seven Ones HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) EmploymentDiversified and fair development opportunities73 Employees are the most valuable asset of the company. HONOR values every employee and attaches great importance to talent management and employee work experience. In the areas of talent recruitment, employee development, remunera- tion and incentive, and employee care and protection, we have issued a total of 66 human resources policies, providing a basis for talent management and scientific company management. HONOR follows the philosophy of recruiting and cultivating outstanding talents, upholds the recruitment principles of inclusion, equality, and respect, and incorpo- rates bottom-line principles such as anti-discrimination, anti-harassment, and anti-forced labor into the HONOR Code of Conduct. For employees with physical disabilities, we actively create a barrier-free office environment for them and assist them in applying for disability allowance to facilitate their lives as much as possible. Whether you are a member of the society or a student, you can apply to join HONOR through the HONOR Recruitment official account, official website, and offline recruitment fairs through various channels. Every year, we conduct recruitment presentations at major universities in China. We have released a total of 66 human resources policiesHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 74 Raul Speaker of Play Series He says that the booming HONOR is a platform that gives ample opportunities for people to show their talents here. Jack MKT Manager He says, As a newcomer, I didn't know anything at that time, but my mentor gave me a lot of guidance. Tim GTM Manager He says that the company is expanding and the business is growing rapidly. Employ- ees can choose their own career promotion path for management or professional development according to their own needs. In terms of talent selection, we insist on responsibility and result orientation, and offer promotion opportunities based on business contribution. The Five Star Plan focuses on the company's talent development plan and the needs of the talent development stage, creating a learning empowerment field, providing empowerment resources, solidifying the ability base for career development, and helping employees become rising stars in the workplace. In addition to the training courses, we arrange mentors for our staff and encourage them to learn business knowledge and professional skills through learning platforms and activities such as HONOR Academy and HONOR TALK. Various training, cultivation of people is cultivation of future Training systems for employee growth, cultivating generals in practice 180 days of comprehensive training Blend in with company culture, combination of training and practical work, guidance with a mentorRising Star Plan First six months Shining Star Plan Enter the fast track of growth Professional improvement in a specific field Increase general knowledge Independent growth (online offline)First and second year Appear as rising stars & Become the best Development program for key positions Training for positions Training for professional skillsPolaris Plan Third and fourth year Morning Star Plan Embark on a journey as a star Get to know the company and the industry3 months after the start date Leading Star Plan Become a leader Strategy Seminars Specialized training for business managers Empower middle and lower management professionalsThe fifth year HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 77 Training feedback In the training process, we insist that the course design, instructor selection, and training delivery are all led by the business department to ensure that the training content fully fits the company's talent development needs. After each training, we conduct timely research to obtain feedback from employees to continuously improve the quality of the courses. Xiaojie, a newcomer in the R&D management department, has a lot of feelings in the work practice. For the first three months, I was responsible for tracking the project delivery progress and practiced much of the knowledge I learned from NEO. In the process of delivering products, Jie said he deeply appreciated that the company always upholds the principle of quality first and understood the concept of doing things right at the lowest cost. In the process of participating in product design, he understood what is from the consumer's point of view and how to insist on user experience first. During the cooperation with suppliers, Jie understood the importance of teamwork and the qualities that a good team should have. In the process of problem review and improvement closure, he applied the quality management methods he learned in NEO to optimize the quality of the team's project delivery. It was the training of NEO that allowed me to be efficient in my following work. When I was first appointed, I was still preparing and I joined the FLDP for a better turnaround. But at the same time, I came up with questions how to shift focus from business to business and management - to be able to lead by example to achieve the goals and expectations of the company, but also to manage the team? In the class, I got the answers As a manager, I need to take the initiative, assume management responsibilities and be responsible for team results. The supervisor plays a key role in core values practice. The supervisor should lead by example, solidify basic management skills, constantly set challenging goals, promote team cohesion, constantly motivate staff, and take the initiative to fully understand the difficulties and challenges encountered by staff in the process and provide counseling. Xiaojie from R&D Department Executive Director of a business unit in Marketing and Sales Services Department (Director Zhang)HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 78 HONOR is never the leading role at our company, but each and every employee forging ahead that has always taken the center stage. HONOR insists on striv- ers-oriented concept and caring about employees, and is committed to creating a simple and efficient, warm and caring life of HONOR with warm and caring staff care measures. In HONOR, employees can spontaneously form sports and cultural clubs, including fitness, book sharing, football, and cute pets, covering all aspects of HONOR people's lives. The number of clubs has exceeded 30 by far, and these clubs become importance platforms for employee exchanges. All employees are free to participate in various activities such as HONOR Cup basketball league, football league, badminton league, MINI concert, HONOR LIFE photography activity, and Sing Aloud HONOR singing competition based on their interests. With more than 15, 000 participants in our cultural and sports events in 2022, HONOR employees are given important opportunities to showcase themselves, live healthy lives, and communicate and grow while participating in their favorite activities. The event was held in Shenzhen, Beijing, Xi'an, and other places, attracting 6, 000 spectators, discovering talented HONOR people with music, enriching spare time and bringing a unique artistic journey for all employees. The award ceremony, orange party, running engineer, and other series of activities pay tribute to every engineer with craftsmanship, together with the excellent gene, and in the field of competition to go far. By the end of 2022, 1024 Engineer Culture Festival has been held twice and widely praised by employees in R&D. HONOR Guardian HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 80 HONOR cares for our female employees and has designed Infant room in all workplaces to provide a safe place for female employees who are breastfeeding. On March 8, Mother's Day, and other women-only holidays, we also invited hospitals or institutions with professional qualifica- tions to carry out special health checkups such as breast screening and thyroid screening for female employees, and provide female employees or their relatives with activities such as interpretation of medical examination reports and warm escort by corporate doctors to guard the physical and mental health of female employees. The HONOR Fitness activity month in March and April every year is closely related to the needs of employees and carries out a series of health-themed activities, such as expert consultation, health training camp, and health lectures, which provide professional and efficient health experience for HONOR employees. In 2022, we held six fat loss and weight loss camps, farewell to gout camps, and care for cervical spine camps with professional physicians, nutritionists, fitness trainers, and herbalists, attracting more than 1, 200 employees and relatives to participate in. The health lecture invites director-level physicians and professional psychological counselors from HONOR Fitness HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 81 well-known tertiary hospitals in the industry to teach employees physical and mental health expertise and help them to develop good living habits. In response to emergencies, we have established an emergency response mechanism in the workplace, which is equipped with resources such as AED first aid equipment and emergency medical kits. During the Covid-19 epidemic prevention and control period, we set up the Global Epidemic Prevention and Control Working Group and formulated and released the Global Epidemic Prevention and Control Management Code to provide comprehensive protection for employees' health in multiple dimensions, including personel, finance, affairs, and materials. For example, the domestic workplace arranges on-site vaccinations. Expatriate employees are vaccinated before going abroad, receive in-transit vaccina- tion kits, and are provided with Welcome home kits when returning home. For each business system of the company, we build various communication channels such as Mars Face-to-Face, Sailing Lighthouse, Roundtable and Coffee Time to fully listen to employees' voices. In addition, HONOR Home, the internal forum of HONOR, is an import- ant platform for employees to express their opinions. Various public mailboxes are also important ways for employees to give feedback on improvements. Through diversified communication channels, we always listen to the most real voice of employees. After receipt of the complaint email and reasonable research and judgement, the com- plaint incident will be forwarded to the relevant department for processing, and the progress of processing will be followed up in real time. At the same time, we protect the rights and interests of our employees and strictly protect the information of whis- tleblowers, complainants, and others who provide informa- tion about the investigation to ensure that they are not subject to retaliation. The personnel involved will also be subject to disciplinary action, or even termination of labor relations. HONOR always upholds the concept of being people-oriented, pursues the policy of safety first, caring for employees, and protecting the environment, and fully protects the occupational health and safety of the employees (EHS). Company-level EHS CommitteeThe CEO is the head of the committee, which includes the top executives of each business area. In 2022, we asked all employees on duty to learn the basics of HONOR safety production and sign the Safety Production Responsibility Letter at the same time. Meanwhile, we have invited third-party professional agencies to conduct special EHS training. Since 2021, a total of over 800 people have participated in EHS training provided by third-party agencies, and more than 160 employees have obtained ISO45001 and ISO14001 internal auditor certificates issued by third-party agencies, effectively improving the professional capabilities of EHS staff in various business areas. In 2021 and 2022, we have invited third-party professional agencies to conduct EHS inspections covering office areas, R&D labs, manufacturing plants, warehouses, stores, and other business locations to discover possible hardware defects, identify potential health and safety risks, and have an EHS officer to oversee the improve- ment of the problems found and continuously optimize the office and production environment. In March 2021, we obtained ISO45001 and ISO14001 certifications. Since 2021, over 800 people participated in EHS specific trainingHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) equip safety equipment and facilities and personal protec- tive equipment, and carry out EHS training including third-level safety education for new employees, EHS training for key positions, and safety basic knowledge training for all employees to ensure the implementation of safety risk control measures. In 2022, HONOR successfully reached the EHS target, achieving no serious injuries and fatal workplace accidents, no occupational diseases, no environmental pollution accidents, no fires, and a 100 completion rate of training required by the Law on Work Safety. Occupational health and safety is an important basis for employees to devote themselves to work. It is the persistent pursuit of HONOR to take good care of employees and protect their health and safety. In the future, we will continue to improve the EHS management system, focus on areas such as production, R&D, and operation, and carry out safety hazard inspection, safety education activities, emergency drills, and many other activities to effectively create a safer and more worry-free working environment for our employees. In view of the large area of the R&D site, the variety of equipment, and the complexity of hazard source catego- ries, we have identified 9 major categories of hazard source scenarios, and regularly conduct targeted hazard inspections and adopt management measures of assessment combined with reward and punishment mechanisms to encourage each department to continuously improve their EHS performance. In 2022, the cumulative number of hidden problems identi- fied and resolved in the R&D area exceeded 800. HONOR also conducts monthly training for lab managers nationwide, with courses covering EHS basics, fire safety, electrical safety, hazardous chemicals, X-ray radiation, and other related topics. In 2022, we conducted emergency drills for four scenarios, including X-ray radiation, battery safety, chemical leakage, and fire extinguisher use, to consolidate and deepen the training. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Harmony Industry Development Established the Code of Conduct on Supplier Social Responsibility to regulate supplier behavior and create a responsible supply chainRegarding responsible procurement of mineral raw materials, benchmarking with international guide- lines, HONOR established a responsible mineral supply chain management system and released the HONOR Statement on Responsible Mineral Supply Chain Due Diligence Management. Highlights Supplier Social Responsibility Code of ConductResponsible Mineral Supply Chain Due Dili- gence Management Take care of the environment as our responsibility, improve the environmental awareness of suppliers, and promote the level of green development of the supply chainCarbon inventory project cover over 50 suppliers Supply chain survey cover over 200 smelters and refiners Share the Due Diligence Management results of Responsibility Minerals with stakeholders On-site assessment cover over 210K industry chain employees Focusing on their labor rights, health and safety, and development200 Green Supply Chain50 210, 000 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Share the Principle of High Standards and Sustainable Development with Suppliers88 Supplier CSR management HONOR lays stress on the sustainable development of the supply chain and integrates CSR into the whole life cycle management of suppliers, including supplier certification, evaluation, and performance management. Referring to international codes of conduct and benchmarking with industry best practices, we have developed the HONOR Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct to regulate supplier behavior and promote the sustainable development of the entire industry chain. Supplier onboarding HONOR has set requirements for supplier qualification. Suppliers must pass ISO14001 environmental management system and ISO45001 occupational health management system certification, and had no major negative events in labor, occupational health and safety, and environment in the past two years. In addition to meeting the requirements for new suppliers, we will also set up a system certification team to conduct on-site audits of suppliers for quality, process, CSR, information security, and other systems. In addition, we spread HONOR's CSR management requirements to our suppliers, have the Supplier CSR Agreement signed, and ensure their compliance with the HONOR Supplier CSR Code of Conduct. Supplier assessment HONOR routinely conducts supplier CSR risk assessment, formulates CSR annual on-site assessment plan according to the risk level, invites third-party professional auditing agencies and HONOR CSR experts to conduct on-site audits and assessments of suppliers, verifies suppliers' compliance with the HONOR Supplier Social Responsibility Code of Conduct through a comprehensive review of suppliers' labor rights, health and safety, environmental protection, business ethics, and management systems, to control suppliers' CSR risks. On-site audits cover more than 40 of production suppliers in 2021 and 2022. HONOR also uses online screen and other methods to review supplier perfor- mance to help suppliers make continuous improvements. In December 2021, HONOR held its first core partner conference with the theme of Go Together, Go Beyond, which was attended by 490 guests from 240 partners worldwide. The president of procurement delivered the concept and requirements of HONOR's supply chain CSR management to the partners, emphasizing that supply chain CSR management is a crucial part of the sustainable development of enterprises. For problems, difficulties, and pain points in supplier CSR management, HONOR organizes experts for special guidance, draws on quality management methods and tools, and refers to excellent practices in the industry to discuss improvement plans with suppliers and develop targeted corrective and preventive measures and implement them. Supplier performance evaluation HONOR annually assesses the CSR performance of suppliers, including CSR management status, on-site assessment results, continuous improvement. The CSR performance of suppliers is divided into four grades, which are excellent, good, qualified, and unqualified. The performance assessment results will be applied to HONOR's project selection, bidding, and supplier portfolio management. For suppliers with good performance, HONOR will give priority to providing business cooperation opportunities. For suppliers with poor performance, HONOR will reduce the purchase share or business cooperation opportunities, or even cancel the partnership. HONOR actively engages third-party authoritative auditors to evaluate and verify the status of suppliers' labor rights and interests, and works together with its suppliers to effectively fulfill its labor protection obligations, enabling everyone in the chain to work decently. HONOR values the work experience of grassroots workers at suppliers. Suppliers are also required to carry out analysis and take measures to reduce turnover rates and improve employee perception. In addition, we promote suppliers to invite professional agencies to conduct health and safety management assessments of factories, including evaluation of current safety situation, current occupational disease hazards, fire safety, etc., to continu- ously improve the level of occupational health and safety management of factories. HONOR not only attaches importance to fulfilling its responsibility for environmental protection, but also actively promotes its supplier partners to improve environmental performance and jointly build a green and sustainable supply chain. HONOR promotes suppliers to comply with regulatory requirements, obtain emission permits and other necessary environmental permits, optimize the process to reduce pollutants, and maintain environmental facilities in good condition, to ensure that pollutants meet the standard emissions. In addition to good control of pollutants in their factories, suppliers need to supervise the environmental status of upstream supply chain factories, especially those involving environmental high-risk processes (such as electroplating, painting, and etching.) to ensure compliance operation. In June 2022, we launched the supply chain carbon inventory project, held the HONOR Supplier Greenhouse Gas Manage- ment Forum, communicated HONOR's carbon reduction requirements to suppliers, and invited industry experts to empower and enhance suppliers' carbon emission reduction capability. Currently, the HONOR Carbon Inventory Project covers more than 50 suppliers, and we will continue to promote supply chain carbon emission reduction. Responsible raw material management We insist on promoting sustainable development and responsibly purchasing metal minerals used in our products, such as tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and cobalt. HONOR emphasizes industry ecological construction and promotes the development of digital economy. While continuously optimizing our own products and services, we also actively cooperate with external partners to break the barriers between industry, academia, and research, and create a future-oriented technology ecology together. As one of the first companies in the industry to use AI and 5G communication technology, HONOR has a deep background in chip optimization technology, combining exclusive GPU Turbo X technology with Qualcomm Snapdragon mobile platform for the first time to drive Qualcomm chips with higher efficiency and ensure the endurance of product devices in high-performance operation mode. At the same time, we use Link Turbo technology to achieve dual SIM and dual WLAN quad-network collaboration to ensure a stable 5G communication experience for users in complex network environments. Our innovative algorithms unleash the full power of computational photography in the RAW domain, working through the flexible frame of the HONOR image engine, while combining Qualcomm's ISP multi-threaded parallel processing capabilities to enable innovative photographic capabilities that deliver a new photographic experience for users. In 2021, HONOR and Fudan University held a strategic cooperation signing ceremony and signed an agreement to build a joint university-enterprise laboratory for intelligent terminal software development technology. Both the university and the enterprise promised to give full play to the advantages of their respective fields, jointly build an industry-university-research cooperation platform that supports the expansion of multiple fields through various forms and multi-level exchanges and cooperation, and promote comprehensive cooperation in the cultivation of talents and the transformation of applied basic research into engineering and technology application results. HONOR Developers provides direct support and services for external developers. Developers can submit their self-developed apps to the App Market and Game Center through the platform. SDGs in this chapterHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 95 Established a top-down compliance system covering key business areas and regions. Responsible Governance Highlights System TrainingMechanism 96 Compliance management system construction To achieve efficient compliance management, HONOR has established a top-down compliance management structure covering key business areas and regions, in which To respond to the national compliance requirements and improve work efficiency, HONOR has established a professional digital compliance management mechanism and developed a corresponding compliance management platform (CMP) as a carrier system. The key compliance control measures are embedded in the current processes and business, efficiently achieving online, visualized, and systematic operation of compliance management work, effectively controlling and preventing compliance risks. The Board of Directors is responsible for regularly reviewing and overseeing the company s overall compliance management. The CEO regularly reviews the Compliance Committee's report on the work progress. The Compliance Committee appointing as the decision maker and commander, is responsible for formulating compli- ance management strategy and operating mechanism. The compliance management members, consisting of the Departments of Compliance and Legal Affairs, Privacy Protection and Compliance, as well as the compliance officers of businesses on both local and global levels, jointly support the development and operation of company s compliance system, and fulfill the responsibility of daily compli- ance management implementation. The Ethics Compliance Commit- tee is responsible for dealing with and tracking report progress. Any employee who retaliates against reporters will be disciplined, and those with severe circumstances will be dismissed. Privacy Protection Privacy is a basic user right and its protection is one of the most essential prerequisites for us to provide products and services. HONOR incorporates privacy protection into every aspect of our product design and service delivery. HONOR integrates trade compliance into its daily opera- tions and sets up management requirements in each business area to best ensure compliance. These policy documents clearly define the Company's general principles, management mecha- nisms, and expense standards in areas such as gift receiv- ing, socializing, and external donations to effectively prevent the Company's commercial bribery behavior. For this purpose, HONOR has formulated the Compliance Regulations on Competition Law which restricts employees from engaging in price control, commercial defamation and other behaviors that undermine market competition. Financial Sanctions & Anti-Money Laundering Counter-Terrorist Financing HONOR complies with all applicable regulations and laws on financial sanctions, anti-money laundering, and anti-terror- ist financing as well as resolutions of international organiza- tions. The Administrative Regulations on Financial Compliance is a guiding document directing HONOR to combat financial sanctions, money laundering and terrorist financing. It clarifies the company s zero tolerance attitude in this regard and requires each business unit to take part in identifying related risks and implement- ing control measures in sales, procurement, finance, and supply chain so as to control any potential risks before, during, and after business cooperation from the dimensions of country region, cooperation subject and capital arrangement. With our complete secure development process, norms and toolchains, HONOR is capable of conducting threat analysis, security design, security coding, and security testing during the entire process to ensure product safety and quality. For physically disabled employ- ees, we are committed to creating a barrier-free office environment for them and assisting in applying for allowanc- es to best facilitate their lives. Employee TrainingCompliance Capability Building HONOR attaches importance to the cultivation of professional talents in compliance. In the spirit of legal, honest and ethical business principles, we have conducted employee training and massive campaigns to promote compliance culture. In the year of 2021-2022, HONOR conducted a comprehensive and multi-level compliance train program for all employees Based on the NEO, HONOR has conducted 119 hours of compliance case studies to help deepen new employees' awareness and sensitivity to compliance and improve their ability to better recognize compliance scenarios in their daily work. HONOR adopts a professional training and assessment system, incorporates mandatory regulatory requirements, business scenarios into its training, and establishes a compliance certification system to ensure the professional- ism of the compliance team. Some specialists, such as privacy engineers, are required to pass the IAPP certifica- tion within 1 year of their appointment. In 2022, all of the compliance practitioners participated in the training and passed the Company's compliance qualification examina- tion, with a coverage rate of 100. The company attaches importance to all-member aware- ness training. In March 2022, we conducted compliance training and examinations for all employees, delivering lectures of top-level risk management covering export controls, business secrets, financial compliance, and competition law. Not only that, all business units custom- ized their own training versions based on their business and scenarios, such as marketing compliance and content compliance. In 2022, we conducted 39 sessions of compliance training for the company's senior management team to underline the importance of compliance. Some key business units also organized compliance themed activities in multiple forms. The R&D department released compliance-themed publicity to employees through HONOR internal column R&D News and set up compliance guidance displayed on employees desktops as reminders and references. HONOR's Product Line Department created a dedicated compliance online platform for employees, with a total of 11 issues of publicity in the second half of the year, topics covering export controls, business secrets, privacy protection and content compliance. Marketing and Sales Service Department conducted a total of 10 promotional campaigns themed on marketing compli- ance and competition law compliance through multiple channels such as communities and emails, to ensure that employees can easily access and understand them. In the procurement knowledge competition hosted by the Procurement Department in Q1 2022, a set of compliance quizzes were proposed to strengthen the effectiveness of employee compliance learning. By promoting circular economy throughout the entire life cycle of our products, HONOR will maximize the efficiency of resource utilization whilst minimizing the environmental impacts of production and operation activities. With MagicOS as the new strategic pivot, we will continuously evolve in the three dimensions of interconnection, intelligence and ecology, and construct a people-centered, cross-system, cross-device, cross-ecolo- gy smart life solution to bring convenient and comprehen- sive product experience to each user. By further strength- ening R&D capabilities and working with industry chain partners, Looking Forward100 HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) HONOR will elevate the quality of products and services in order to contribute to user life and social progress. Through continuous innovation in privacy protection technology and optimization of internal management, we will provide users with comprehensive privacy protection, making them feel respected and cared for their privacy rights. AppendixHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) About This Report Overview As the first Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report published by HONOR Device Co., Ltd. since it was spun off this report outlines HONOR s goals, actions, achievements and future plans in ESG from 2021 to 2022, and updates all stakeholders on its sustainability-related developments in an effort to improve public understanding of HONOR. Reporting Reference This report is prepared in accordance with the principles of reliability, transparency and objectivity, and is based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)Reporting Standards (hereinafter GRI Standards ) of the Global Reporting Initiative, the ISO 26000 Social Accountability Standards of the International Standard Organization, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). Appellation Description For ease of reading and presentation, HONOR, company, we, our, or us in this report all refer to HONOR Device Co., Ltd. The electronic version of this report can be obtained through the following website https www. com global honor-esg For printing, we recommend using reco-friendly paper and inks. Delivered smart wearable devices that help monitor and improve user's physical and mental health. SDGs ChaptersHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Our Contributions and Achievements 105 Data and Index Data on Key Performance Indicators Average Training Hours per Employee Number of employee activity associations Annual employee participation in cultural and physical activities Number of internal auditors of occupational health and safety Number of participants in EHS training Coverage of EHS Awareness Training24. 2 28 30 15000 160 800 100 2021 2022Male employees Female employees 30 and below 31-50 50 and above74. 70 25. 30 46. 91 52. 87 0. 22 Number of employees by gender Number of employees by age groupPercentageHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 106 GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 107 GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 108 GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 109 GHG Emission DataHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) 110 Report Metrics Index GRI Standard Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this report GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practices Organizational details About this report GRI 2-1 GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practicesEntities included in the organization s sustainability reportingAbout this report GRI 2-2 GRI 2 The organization and its reporting practicesReporting period, frequency and contact point About this report GRI 2-3 GRI 2 Activities and workers Activities, value chain and other business relationships About HONOR GRI 2-6 GRI 2 Activities and workers Employees Data and metrics GRI 2-7 GRI 2 Activities and workers Workers who are not employees Data and metrics GRI 2-8 GRI 2 Governance Governance structure and composition ESG Governance GRI 2-9 GRI 2 Governance Nomination and selection of the highest governance body GRI 2-10 GRI 2 Governance Chair of the highest governance body ESG Governance GRI 2-11 GRI 2 Governance Annual total compensation ratio GRI 2-21 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Statement on sustainable development strategy ESG Governance GRI 2-22 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Compliance with laws and regulations HONOR compliance practice GRI 2-27 GRI 2 Strategy, policies and practices Membership associations Green partners GRI 2-28 GRI 2 Stakeholder engagement Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder communication GRI 2-29 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics Process to determine material topics ESG Governance GRI 3-1 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics List of material topics ESG Governance GRI 3-2 GRI 3 Disclosures on material topics Management of material topics ESG Governance GRI 3-3 GRI 201 Economic PerformanceDirect economic value generated and distributed GRI 201-1 GRI 205 Anti-corruptionOperations assessed for risks related to corruption Anti-bribery and corruption GRI 205-1HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plansCare for our people, improve their happiness GRI 201-4 GRI 205-3GRI 205-2 Anti-bribery and corruption Anti-bribery and corruption Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Financial assistance received from governmentGRI 201-2 GRI 201-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions takenCommunication and training about anticorruption policies and procedures111 GRI 206 Anti-competitive BehaviorLegal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti- trust, and monopoly practicesCompliance to competition GRI 206-1 GRI 301 MaterialsMaterials used by weight or volume Recycled input materials used Reclaimed products and their packaging materialsGreener packaging Data and Metrics Greener packaging Green operation Data and Metrics Greener packaging Green operation Responsible collect and disposalGRI 301-1 GRI 301-2 GRI 301-3GRI Standard GRI 302 Energy GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metricsGreen manufacturing Green operation Data and metricsEnergy consumption within the organization Energy consumption outside of the organization Energy intensityData and metrics Data and metricsGRI 302-1 GRI 302-2 GRI 302-3 Reduction of energy consumption Reductions in energy requirements of products and services Interactions with water as a shared resourceGreen manfacturing Green operation Greener packaging More durable productGRI 302-4 GRI 302-5 GRI 303-1 Management of water discharge-related impacts Water withdrawalGRI 303-2 GRI 303-3 Water discharge GRI 303-4 Water consumption GRI 303-5HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this report Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics Green manufacturing Green operation Data and metrics112 GRI 305 Emissions GRI 306 WasteGreen operation Data and metrics Greener packaging Green logistics Data and metrics Greener packaging Green logictics Green operation Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metrics Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metricsGreen operation Data and metrics Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions GRI 305-1 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions GRI 305-2 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions GHG emissions intensity Waste generation and significant waste- related impacts Management of significant waste-related impacts Waste generated Waste diverted from disposalReduction of GHG emissions Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissionsData and metrics Data and metricsData and metricsGRI 305-3 GRI 305-4 GRI 305-6 GRI 306-1 GRI 306-2 GRI 306-3 GRI 306-4GRI 305-7GRI 305-5HONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard113 Waste directed to disposal GRI 306-5 GRI 306 Waste GRI 308 Supplier Environmental Assessment GRI 401 Employment GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018 GRI 404 Training and Education GRI 405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 406 Non-discrimination GRI 408 Child LaborNew suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken New employee hires and employee turnover Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Parental leaveSupplier Assessment Supplier Assessment Diversified and fair development opportunities Employee caring Green manufacturing Responsible collect and disposal Data and metrics GRI 308-1 GRI 308-2 GRI 401-1 GRI 401-2 GRI 401-3 GRI 403-1 GRI 403-2 GRI 403-3 GRI 404-3 GRI 405-1 GRI 406-1 GRI 408-1Diversity of governance bodies and employees ncidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child laborSupplier AssessmentDiversified and fair development opportunities Employee communicationDiversified and fair development opportunitiesAverage hours of training per year per employee Employee trainingOccupational health and safety management system Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Occupational health servicesHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard GRI 403-10Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safetyGRI 403-4 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management systemGRI 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety GRI 403-6 GRI 403-7 GRI 403-8 GRI 403-9Promotion of worker health Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships Work-related injuries Work-related ill healthOccupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Occupational health and safety Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviewsEmployee caringPrograms for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programsGRI 404-1 GRI 404-2 Employee training GRI 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 114 GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor GRI 414 Supplier Social Assessment GRI 416 Customer Health and Safety GRI 418 Customer PrivacyGRI 409-1 GRI 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categoriesSafer chemical material Tech for healthier life Tech for healthier life Our practiceIncidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer dataGRI 414-2 GRI 416-1 GRI 416-2 GRI 418-1Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory laborSupplier assessment Supplier assessment Supplier assessmentHONOR ESG Report (2021- 2022) Category Disclosure Disclosure Item Chapter in this reportGRI Standard115 Honor Device Co., Ltd. 